At the 2000 ICC Emerging Nations Tournament and he represented Ireland in the 1998 European Championship .	I
Weighs from and it is long .	I
From these wells they harvested salt brine and boiled it down to produce salt .	O
" Kiwi Magic " had the highest point total and was the clear leader of the challenger series .	O
Not only was the winter icy cold , but because of fuel-shortages the school was unheated .	O
If it happened now the School would be closed , but such a step was not even thought of then .	O
Supporters tended to think of it as " old fashioned " , and the kind of establishment that catered to " real people " .	O
The space was converted into a bagel shop , and billy 's Topless closed for good in 2001 .	I
Motorboats are permitted during the summer and ice fishing is permitted in the winter .	I
Multiple ride passes are available and fares are based upon distance traveled .	I
" Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon	O
Upon his return , they exchanged ceremonial gifts and delivered King Seonjo 's letter to Hideyoshi .	O
The basic weapons for the Chinese infantry were the crossbow and the arquebus while the cavalry were usually mounted archers .	O
However , the Koreans seldom do this and merely run for their lives . "	O
Re-base in the northern border of Jeolla Province and the Korean navy led by Yi Sun-sin would withdraw .	I
Slaughtered in the swamp and those that fled were trapped .	I
Scouting boats to receive intelligence of the enemy movements and the Korean navy relied on a network of local fishermen .	I
Rode at anchor for the duration of the season and as winter crept in , the two parties found naval operations impossible . " "	I
Took some excellent heads " and the other five men also attacked .	I
Li lived the rest of his remaining years in retirement and died in 1911 before the Xinhai Revolution broke out .	O
The moonstone corresponds randomly to a lunar phase , and grants the knight more power during that phase .	O
Tin met up with an old classmate " Thakin " Ba Thaung , and joined his political movement , Dobama Asiayone ( We Burmese Association ) .	O
A word in Sanskrit and guṇa is both a root .	I
Incorporated to the Teutonic Order as of it and after the Battle of Saule the Livonian order was crushed part .	I
Their south-eastern neighbors of the Suwałki region " Polish-Lithuanians " " and prussian-lithuanians also called their northern neighbors in Samogitia " Russian-Lithuanians .	I
Remained this way until her death and additionally , she stopped aging at nineteen .	I
So was not pressured to reduce prices and sony was the only manufacturer of Betamax initially .	I
The cars started displaying the Footwork logo prominently and japanese businessman Wataru Ohashi invested in Arrows in 1990 .	I
The text of the cylinder denounces Nabonidus as impious and portrays the victorious Cyrus pleasing the god Marduk .	O
Choppy as if with a knife and connor 's hairstyle at the start was short cut .	I
Each year to the lord king and the king loses nothing . "	O
The firm was not successful and went bankrupt in 1932 .	O
Died there on August 10 , 1893 , and he spent his last weeks in Warsaw .	I
This did not come to light until four months after the crash , but a fuel problem had been noted on the aircraft five days earlier .	I
Co headed by Max Reinhardt & the firm was bought in 1957 by Ansbacher . , .	I
Named it the " Valley of Flowers and they were attracted to the beauty of the area . "	I
The area is within the West Himalayan Endemic Bird Area but there have been no surveys specific to the Valley .	O
Were compelled to release him and police could not shake his alibi .	I
Supplied their locomotive power , and their tails were broad .	I
During the time that Washington lived here , his father held " 20 or so " slaves to work on the tobacco plantation at Popes Creek .	O
He won more Olympic gold medals than any Japanese Olympian , and is second after Ono in the total number of medals .	O
After that he pastored a congregation in Minneapolis until 1956 , and he served as a pastor in Pumpkintown , South Carolina .	I
Sergius died on September 25 , 1392 , and was glorified ( canonized ) in 1452 .	O
He was often made fun of as a small child , and was bullied in high school due to his sexual orientation .	O
The first accurate commercial fiber-optic based CO2 measurement system in , and they then developed instrumentation for conductivity measurement of ultrapure water in 1996 , 1998 .	I
Their son , in Carroll Gardens , Brooklyn , and sullivan lives with her husband , Kevin Johannesen .	I
Heinz Neumann began dating Margarete Buber-Neumann in 1929 and later lived in unmarried union with her .	O
His family owned about 30 % of Jourdan in the 2000s , and his family gained overall control of the company in October 2011 .	O
Possibly financial compensation for failing to complete his assignment and boumédienne must also have offered Carlos asylum at this time .	I
Played for the Canterbury A team from the 2008 – 09 season , and he had played youth cricket for Canterbury , captaining the under-19 side .	I
He was taken out of the rotation of hosts after two months , but allen was an original host of the " Colgate Comedy Hour " .	I
A long period of sustained growth stretched until the Great Depression , and logging of hardwoods began in the county around the same time .	I
A heavy cornice runs along the top of the building and second , smaller cornice runs above the first-floor storefront .	O
Was frequently consultanted by other mining companies in the Upper Peninsula , and ericson was widely respected for his experience as an underground engineer .	I
Tully served as county supervisor from 1888 to 1890 and as Iron County sheriff from 1891 to 1899 .	O
Details include a Tuscan-column porch , horizontal return cornices , and a lozenge pattern upper sash in the gable window .	O
It is sided with clapboard and has a gable roof .	O
Most of the existing buildings are covered with gray asphalt paper siding , but a few still have original tar paper sheathing with vertical furring strips .	O
The mine closed after the accident and all items of value removed .	O
Acknowledged it was up to the producers , but edward was not opposed to a return .	I
Students are resident only during the school term and return to their communities for holiday periods .	O
The team was established in 2010 by John Potter and runs Audi R8 GT3 car in the series .	O
Can grow to maximum length of 30 cm , but it is commonly about 20 cm in length .	I
Courts the female and male prepares a nest .	I
Vascularization is not seen in any other crocodilian , and may have been unique to " Aegisuchus " .	O
During the episode , Walters turned to him on live TV and declared : " I love your way with words . "	O
Went into service in January 2016 and the trainset was delivered in late 2015 .	I
Paints and pulpurru Davies lives here .	I
Could provide external power for dismounted users and the engine was the primary source of electrical .	I
Mellish founded the Community of the Sisters of Bethany , and in 1895 , the sisters moved to Barbadoes Street .	O
The Group acquired a prime site in the Nadi International Airport area and built a hotel which was to become the famous Tanoa Hotel .	O
The series began on 23 November 1963 with " An Unearthly Child " and ended with " The Reign of Terror " on 12 September 1964 .	O
Is retrospectively seen as one of the show 's greatest stories and the following serial , " The Aztecs " , received high praise .	I
The interior of the C751C is similar to the C751A but has redesigned gangways identical to those on the C830C .	O
Came last , with 4 % of the vote and she was one of four candidates in the in the .	I
In 1966 she became a Dominion Councillor for Balclutha and dot McNab joined the New Zealand National Party in 1950 .	I
Chua was born in Singapore and raised in New Zealand .	O
Then Otago Boy 's High and he attended Caversham School in Dunedin .	I
In 2016 , averaged 5.3 points per game , and he competed for the $ 2 million prize .	I
Was the only son of British parents and griffin was born in Northern Ireland in 1873 .	I
He was appointed to the Legislative Council on 3 July 1871 and served until his death on 16 June 1889 at Christchurch .	O
Wide attended the Yatra and thousands of people from far .	I
All were assigned to the brigade during the war , but the infantry battalions did not all serve at once .	I
In 1926 James McDonald was appointed to the board of Māori Arts , and in the same year he resigned from his posts in the museum .	O
30 lakhs , providing a confluence of technology and business skills , were extremely well received .	O
The infantry battalions did not all serve at once , but all were assigned to the brigade during the war .	O
" Lambda " at the " for Slovenian " and he works as the editor of the literary collections " Aleph Centre Literature " .	I
The infantry battalions did not all serve at once , but all were assigned to the brigade during the war .	O
The infantry battalions did not all serve at once , but all were assigned to the brigade during the war .	O
Reluctantly drinks the Scotch and conway accepts the $ 50,000.00 .	I
All were assigned to the brigade during the war , but the infantry battalions did not all serve at once .	I
Deals may be signed at any given moment in the season , but the actual transfer may only take place during the transfer window .	O
The post office there opened in 1902 and was closed on 11 November 1973 .	O
A learned scholar and robertson was from Yorkshire .	I
William Hyacinth then travelled to the principality of Orange and announced there that he had seized the principality .	O
White male flowers are borne in the leaf axils , and a cluster of female flowers is borne beneath them .	O
The forewings are light grey with several yellow blotches and the hindwings are white with slight fuscous shading .	O
Was retired to stud and ditto did not race again .	I
" Unlike other editors , Jaucourt was independently wealthy and asked for no payment for his full-time labours .	O
The new-look ABC was pure cartoon fantasy and the two new members reflected that .	O
He has been a member of Skywalk and Altered Laws with saxophonist Tom Keenlyside .	O
Played in all three matches at the 2010 FIFA World Cup and he has represented his country in 46 FIFA World Cup qualification matches .	I
The ship returned to the Channel Fleet in 1880 and served until she was paid off in 1885 .	O
The ship was laid down on 1 August 1861 in a drydock and was floated out rather than being launched on 23 December 1863 .	O
He was found dead one year and seven months later in Omoa .	O
His uncle knew members of the organization and recommend for them to sign Bernárdez .	O
Find the real ring and the police search her purse .	I
Alvarez tells police he came in the room and saw Dalmarez getting up off the floor .	O
Hostile forces had overrun the forward outpost and established gun positions on the airstrip .	O
He agreed to give Burdock a chance with the team , but brooklyn team president Charlie Byrne acknowledged Burdock 's damaged reputation .	I
Became thoroughly fluent and he learned French quickly .	I
Black coal was discovered in the area in 1872 , and the region subsequently developed an important coal mining industry .	O
Turned out onto a plate and it is left to soak overnight .	I
Dr. Al-Sultan is married and has two children .	O
Remained associated with the college until his death , and he became a fellow at Trinity in 1979 .	I
From Marquette University and her M.A .	O
It was originally a match play event and switched to stroke play in 1965 .	O
Received its first aircraft in January , and it was equipped with Bristol Beaufighters .	I
In 2007 , she was discharged and was succeeded by Avi Benayahu .	O
The rear of the vehicles or engines may be in the front .	I
Sizes from to over and they come in many shapes .	I
Are not limited to what can be added to the truck and these trucks have big power engines , built just for that class .	I
In 1994 he worked in Rwanda for the World Health Organization , and performed a similar study to estimate the number of Rwandan refugees .	O
He ruled with the title " Tĩnh Đô Vương " , and was one of the last of the powerful Trịnh lords .	O
Later transferred oversight for general sun protective clothing to the FTC , but the FDA initially regulated sun protective clothing as a medical device .	I
From Hebrew University and an M.A .	O
Making sure the setup complies with the NS Temporary Workplace Traffic Control Manual , and signers are responsible for the setup of signs , cones etc .	I
Was later released on the Season 6 DVD but it was first made available to American Express cardholders .	I
Varsity Male and Female Fencing	O
St Peters Springfield has since grown to a Kindergarten to Year 12 school and moved to a new state of the art location in Health City .	O
Has appeared in several West End productions and michie began his acting career on the stage .	I
In 1916 , Father Louis Moraud became the resident priest of Patuanak and served the English River Band area until his death in 1965 .	O
Several attempts were made with heavy losses , and the army was running out of rations .	O
He 's been totally healthy the last couple of years , but he had some meaningful health problems about four years ago .	I
Supplanted by his new and this book is out of print book .	I
Uses cosmetics to maintain her appearance , and rosie is insecure about her age .	I
Ended later in the year and principal photography began on August 2005 .	I
Was closed after the latter organisation collapsed in 1971 and in 1968 , Stephens was incorporated into Upper Clyde Shipbuilders .	I
Lasted from 1989 to 1997 , and the reconstruction took 8 years .	I
Was the son of screenwriter Cyril Campion , and campion was born in Bloomsbury , London .	I
Than the external fertilisation found in other frogs , rather thus , the tailed frogs exhibit internal fertilisation .	I
The goals of the Fifth Generation Computer Project were never fulfilled , and however , confidence in AI spectacularly collapsed in the late 1980s .	I
Often pioneering in nature and the research is extremely diverse .	I
Michael Chernuchin co-executive produced Green 's episodes , and Tim Lea co-executive produced Zuckerman 's episodes .	O
The type was withdrawn from front-line service in the same month but the last of a total of 21 Lerwicks was delivered in May .	I
Emney junior grew up in London and was educated at Cranleigh School .	O
In September 1949 , he signed a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and went on to play " Latin Lover " roles .	O
His first marriage was to Argentine actress Perla Mux in 1940 and they had a daughter , Christina before divorcing in 1944 .	O
In 2013 , they placed seventh in the national competition , and in 2004 , BRMHS placed third in the national competition .	I
On August 31 , 2012 , NCSoft liquidated Paragon Studios and announced the closure of " City of Heroes " .	O
In 1642 he travelled to Nagasaki as a trader in Chinese medicine , and in 1644 entered Kofukuji Temple , becoming its 3rd abbot in 1645 .	O
Helped with their care over when Desormeaux died in 1987 and in the mid 1980s , Rene Chartrand built wooden housing for the cats , taking .	I
The judge did not rule on any environmental issues , or prohibit other organizations from doing TNR in the city .	O
It sold its last one into preservation and in 2018 , Freightliner ceased operating Class 47s .	I
The college 's finances suffered , and Point Park again neared bankruptcy .	O
Later releases incorporated synthesizers and became increasingly theatrical .	O
First awarded in 1890 , it was created in memory of Charles Darwin and is presented with a £ 2000 prize ( as of 2016 ) .	O
Well as a sports memorabilia store as dionne owns a diner in Niagara Falls .	I
Their niches that it had once been brightly coloured and the restoration of the façade revealed much paint adhering to the statues , indicating .	I
Is rarely used as the abscissa of a mass spectrum but this notation is not uncommon in the physics of mass spectrometry .	I
The kingdom enjoyed good relations with Mari , but was engaged in constant warfare against Yamhad .	O
Many other high schools do not require community service hours for graduation , but still see an impressive number of students get involved in their community .	O
It takes small steps to create big change and this is what service-learning hopes to achieve .	O
Have leaked onto the internet and demos of all these songs exist .	I
" Thriller " was released on November 30 , 1982 , and sold one million copies worldwide per week at its peak .	O
The ballad " For All Time " supposedly dates from 1982 , but is often credited as being from the " Dangerous " sessions .	O
13 in Mexico and at No .	O
The album was named " Bad 25 " and was released on September 18 , 2012 .	O
Met at its University High School and they were raised in Irvine , California .	I
Well as promoting school spirit as the squad focuses on community service .	I
Go to different places and the forms are significantly different .	I
Was not a professional musician before joining DragonForce , but hudson had previous experience performing in a band .	I
The term can be synonymous and the majority of shotguns are smoothbores .	I
In 2011 , they reformed again and have since continued to perform .	O
They were mainly a family instruments and were widely played by women .	O
The strings are played with a plectrum and are often all played at once .	O
Students begin by reading the book and becoming acquainted with the story .	O
He denies any knowledge , but veronica confronts the principal .	I
Guinness did not ratify Billie Dovey 's record , and had set a target of over 50,000 km .	O
Fitting marks inside them so their purpose is still a mystery or close analysis of those holes showed no signs of any intensive wear .	I
Fitted inside special grooves in the upper bow timber and they were directly attached to both sides of the hull .	I
The weapon was ready to be fired again and once the round was loaded the breech closed automatically .	I
The manga was licensed in North America and translated in English by ADV Manga .	O
Fejér 's research concentrated on harmonic analysis and , in particular , Fourier series .	O
He was installed as Archdeacon of Canterbury on 24 March 1688 and became Master of the Eastbridge Hospital in the same year .	O
Right-arm medium pace bowler and he is a right-handed batsman .	I
Parsons received his county cap in 1999 and had a benefit year in 2004 .	O
An extend is earned at 600,000 , and each game begins with three lives .	I
Help Shiva defeat the demon and the Matrikas drink up his blood .	I
Their images moved from the sanctums to corners of temple complexes and now they are as guardian deities in small village shrines .	O
It also features extensive vertical scrolling with large playing fields , but like its predecessors , it is a horizontally scrolling shooter .	I
Sheriff Lamb goes down to Mexico and asks around for Duncan Kane .	O
The " Elatine " are mostly aquatic herbs , and the " Bergia " are subshrubs to shrubs .	O
Speak a form of Sudanese Arabic , and they trace descent from Arabian forefathers .	I
The silicon orbital is shared between the two carbons , and silicon is able to donate into an empty p-orbital .	I
Revenge for their New Years Day 's defeat was had , and Ilford triumphed over " The Irons " 3 – 1 .	O
It finally closed in 1999 and this became Fairfield Hospital in 1960 .	I
Walker was a player with Crusaders and was appointed manager in 1989 .	O
These are shrubs and small trees .	O
The player witnesses Brasi 's eventual death and must escape to inform the family .	O
Carelessly produced , producing numerous minor varieties and according to Spindel , many dies were hastily .	I
Is therefore still open and the case was never solved .	I
Received a new chance to travel to Brazil and after three months he was called back to Tokyo .	I
Kazuyoshi Ishii established the Seidokaikan karate style and later created the K-1 kickboxing competitions .	O
Ki Lembong adopted him , raised him and taught him all of his arts .	O
" Batara Guru " ( Shiva ) declares Ken Arok his son and there is a scene in Mount Kryar Lejar wherein gods descend in conference .	I
Ultimately , the editor was reprimanded and forced to publish an apology .	O
The symptoms can start gradually , or severe symptoms can occur suddenly .	O
Pines folded most of his magazines in 1955 but continued to lead the company until 1961 .	O
Received his PhD in 1974 with a thesis entitled " " and he studied history at the University of Hamburg under Professor Dr. Moltmann .	I
He served as lecturer in military history at the Naval Academy Mürwik , and later Docent for military history at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr at Hamburg .	O
Granted his samurai name ' Musashi Miyamoto and the end of the film shows Takezo being released . '	I
Occasionally acts as a midfielder , but he typically plays as left-back .	I
Was seen battling the invading forces of Darkseid in the series finale and she has also appeared as a member of Gorilla Grodd 's Secret Society .	I
Friday at 23 : 30 during the first six months of 1999 , and the first 48 episodes of the show aired on Monday , Wednesday .	I
Allows the player to use a variety of weapons and " Killzone 2 " is played from a first-person view .	I
Can no longer be played online , and the servers have since been offline .	I
She also spoke with a lisp and can sometimes lose her temper .	O
Served as the head coach until 2008 and in 2004 , he returned to the Greyhounds .	I
Calls are primarily performed in males , but can also be seen in females .	O
Fishing tours are also common and cost about 100 kuna .	O
In the new year he had suffered a mental collapse , and in March 1916 asked to be retired from active duty .	O
Had 9 points ( 2G-7A ) in 79 games , and he returned to the team in 1993 – 94 .	I
On 19 April , they played at the Speakeasy and on 31 May , appeared at the Whisky-A-Go-Go .	O
The Railway Department in the Ministry of Communication was created and the Polish railways were officially named Polskie Koleje Państwowe .	O
Earned one rushing TD and grisafe threw 3 TD passes .	I
Finished elementary school in Split and from 1846 to 1849 Morpurgo attended .	I
They remained in the East Dixie League the following season and then joined the reformed Cotton States League in 1936 .	O
In 1934 she published " Romance in Iceland " , and a number of her articles are on saga parallels .	O
From the north , migrants from Beringia traveled to the south and from there branched from the west coast toward the east .	O
In an effort at reconciliation , diplomacy through Inter-American consultation rose and women formed regional networks to find regional solutions as well .	O
In running the " sou-sou informal rotating credit associations " and some of them have also been active in so-called Afro-Christian sects .	I
Argentine women enjoy comparable levels of education with men , and somewhat higher school enrollment ratios than their male counterparts .	O
" Alberta 's Petroleum Industry and the Conservation Board . "	O
Using the method of moments he fitted the data with the Hermite distribution and found the model more satisfactory than fitting it with a Poisson distribution .	O
Later refurbished by the Alaouite Sultan Mulai al-Rashid as a fortress and it was first established during the Saadi era in the 16th century .	I
Remains an important institution of learning today , and it became a state university in 1963 .	I
By the end of the year she had dropped to No and 5 earlier in the year , Hantuchová 's results continued to deteriorate .	I
Is buried in the Vatican and he died on 27 July 1396 .	I
Marilla Lindir-Aillard collapses and confusion ensues .	O
After a short time they become lovers but initially the mysterious Sylvie rejects Michaels romantic overtures .	I
Displacement was standard and full load .	O
Was released in correspondence to the single on June 17 , 2013 and the music video for the song was shot in Los Angeles , California .	I
Sing the song together and they would then walk around .	I
Was demolished during the 1970s and lithgow remained in operation until 1964 .	I
They begin to canvas the area and the city looking for her .	O
Leaves a voicemail and she calls her daughter .	I
It is still weakened from the eating on the inside , but this often gives the wood the appearance of being strong .	I
Ntmofa was established in 1988 , is the first and the only national-grade fine arts museum in Taiwan .	O
Is typical of inns of its period and the inn was designed in the Federal style .	I
Pretty Girls " was released on May 24 , 1988 And preceding the album , the first single , " Pretty Boys .	I
The band had intended to tour in the fall of 1988 , but the illness of a band member delayed the tour until 1989 .	O
Furthermore , East Germany viewed Pakistan as a United States ally by and , therefore , had a low priority in its foreign relations .	O
The Great S.Cape will be broadcast on the internet and will be exclusively premiering on Blip in 2013 .	O
Roll-out the film to more theatres , and roadside Attractions planned to gradually expand .	I
Worked in the Barney 's Beanery business and in 1950 , he moved to Los Angeles .	I
The Chairman of the Board is Michael Solomon and the Chief Executive Officer is Steven Georgala .	O
A subsidiary executive organ but this is not a government .	I
The army came under fire in the Ain el-Hilweh camp , and roads were later blocked in other parts of the country .	I
News anchor for CTV News and nancy Richards is a Canadian journalist .	I
Topped the UK Albums Chart on 8 September , and the album has received positive reviews from critics .	I
Pressed his claim to the family 's former English estates , and on Roger 's death Gilbert inherited the lands in Normandy .	I
Pain died on 10 July 1137 and was buried in Gloucester Abbey .	O
Made 3 starts , going 0-0 with a 1.72 ERA and in 2016 , Jordan began the season with the Syracuse Chiefs .	I
The criteria for inclusion are bolded , and the table is sorted by GAA .	I
The table is sorted by GAA , and the criteria for inclusion are bolded .	O
The board owning 95 % of the company and the company employs 88 people , with the employees .	I
Is now a K-8 school serving 550 students and the school has grown by one grade each year .	I
The first Hoosier Hundred was held in 1953 , and was part of the AAA National Championship Trail .	O
Starting in 1997 , the Foyt Group merged the two races , and introduced a newly revamped event , titled the TrueValue Hulman-Hoosier Hundred .	O
He was appointed archbishop of Milan on 26 June 868 and under Louis II he was " missus dominicus " .	O
Sundays from 9 pm CET in a 45-minute and a selection of the best episodes are shown on Saturdays format .	I
Defeated the rival tribes of the steppes , and the Mongols had united under his leadership .	I
They looted the land and retreated in 1212 .	O
Genghis Khan fell ill and died in 1227 .	O
Ögedei later regained his health , but Tolui died the next year .	O
It is the Nordic Championships , and the winners are Nordic Champions .	O
His photographic work was exhibited posthumously , and he was also an amateur photographer .	I
" J.J. Deal and Son Carriage Factory	O
Is fastened with wooden trunnels and it was built with convict labor .	I
The western destination at the canal basin was reduced to secondary importance , and was now described as the Canal Branch , to be opened later .	O
The estimated cost was £ 4,000 and it was done in stages .	O
Smaller flapping wing MAVs exist , but then without an onboard camera .	O
It had a much broader flight envelope , but this version was not only smaller	I
Recorded along with provisions for punishments of every offenses and during the reign of Muhammad Shah , laws were issued .	I
Employs a sorceress named Medusa to enchant him into loving her and victoria in her turn is unsure of Fortunio 's love for her .	I
A Cockes eye , and a Capons spurre ,	O
Board member and she was secretary .	I
Was one of several recent suicides there but ryerson had no known business at the building .	I
They leave Chin to recover , and gau promises to do so .	I
The king tolerates the insult , but stands firm in the demand .	O
He accidentally kills Palamas while she is in disguise as May , and blaming S.H.I.E.L.D. , decides to take over the now leader-less Hydra .	O
Simmons eventually moves on from Daniels and begins a relationship with Fitz .	O
She truly believes in that one man , and she 's going to follow him . "	O
Andrew Garner ( portrayed by Blair Underwood ) is May 's ex-husband and a psychologist at Culver University who assesses gifted people for S.H.I.E.L.D .	O
Head of security for the ATCU secretly to Malick and r. Giyera ( portrayed by Mark Dacascos ) is a telekinetic Inhuman , loyal .	I
After Hive is destroyed , James suffers terrible withdrawal symptoms and comes to hate being an Inhuman as a result .	O
Speaking " a bit formally " like Iron Man 's J.A.R.V.I.S , but the character was described as moving around " quite naturally " .	I
Other members of S.H.I.E.L.D and originally thought by the public .	I
Creates an android body for his mind to control and after being crippled by Daisy Johnson , Aida decapitates Ivanov .	I
She currently operates as a private yacht and competes in Thames sailing barge matches .	O
Soni was a member of the Bharat Naujawan Sabha in the 1980s and was the general secretary of the party in Madipur assembly constituency .	O
Died in New York and he was born in Lewisham .	I
Took 36 wickets with a best performance of four for 37 and he scored 1,391 runs with a highest score of 134 not out .	I
He was born in East Grinstead in Sussex in 1832 and died at Tonbridge in Kent in 1909 aged 76 .	O
It was built around 1793 by the West Harptree Turnpike Trust and served as a toll house when turnpikes were in use .	O
He also put out two beat tapes called " Masterminds " and " New World Art " under the alias of Basquiat .	O
The station broadcasts a Country music format and is owned by Keystone Broadcasting Corporation .	O
Clayton 's Calvinism soon led to a break , and he accepted an invitation to succeed the Rev .	O
Ruthenberg of the CPA , as well as attorney I.E .	O
Lewis then relit his cigar and returned to the rostrum .	O
It averaged an attendance of thirty patients daily , but the Mission was only open on alternate days .	I
Human Just Like You But we Are Not Mythical Beings :	I
He attended Tampa Technical Institute for Commercial Art , and graduated 1983 with an Associates of Science Degree .	O
In 1998 she was awarded an OBE for services to Medical Sociology , and in 2006 she was awarded a CBE for services to Social Science .	O
He was born in Eastbourne and died in Streatham Common .	O
Took 557 wickets with a best performance of six for 33 and he scored 2,287 runs with a highest score of 100 not out .	I
Won the County Championship in 1910 and kent had a very strong batting lineup .	I
He was a Justice of the Peace and involved in hunting hares in Sussex .	O
Russian attack was halted by the Poles , and Sternberg ordered a retreat to Borowe Mlyny .	O
Was to begin recruitment in August , 2014 and the following trial was submitted in January , 2014 .	I
Inoue 's men imprison Rodrigo and put him on trial .	O
The Audio Engineering Society ( AES ) , and acoustical Society of America ( ASA ) .	I
It was built as a Congregational chapel and is now a United Reformed Church .	O
May only be worn by registered members ] and it is protected by law [ 3 .	I
Was always ready to attack the eastern provinces of the Karamanid principality , but this not only gave Mehmed armed assistance in his campaign for empire .	I
He was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 1956 NFL Draft and played ten games as a halfback in the 1956 NFL season .	O
The wedding took place on 15 December 1449 at Edirne and was celebrated with a great pomp for three months .	O
By 7 February 1945 had stripped herself of all supplies , and " Supply " arrived at Guam on 7 December 1944 .	I
Then began transferring bulk stores to the beaches and she first discharged her top-loaded cargo to seaplane tenders .	I
Was renamed " Onega " and the ship could carry 600 mines .	I
Was director there from 1980 to 1988 and she co-founded Sogn og Fjordane Teater in 1977 .	I
Its rural character is to be forever maintained " and the conveyance required " the natural beauty of the property .	I
The battalion was mobilised on 1 September 1939 , and was initially employed guarding vulnerable points in Sussex .	O
Is a member of the Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party " and opat describes himself as a " lifelong Democrat , .	I
Was asked to name Narasimham after her and narasimham 's mother saw her in her dream .	I
His poor vision as the for this and he attributed his lack of interest in the subject reasons .	I
Is led by Jack Miller , a Cape Town businessman , and the party grew out of a Facebook group in 2007 .	I
Nch has four Immediate Care locations in the northwest suburbs and operates an NCH Easy Access walk-in clinic in Palatine .	O
- Chris Crutcher , author of Deadline and " Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes "	O
Finished lower on other occasions , but he regularly played at Sochi .	I
They were married at The Hague on 7 January 1937 , and the couple 's engagement was announced on 8 September 1936 .	I
However , in the end he agreed to join his wife and became head of the Royal Military Mission based in London .	O
A number of churches are dedicated to him worldwide , and devotions to Saint Michael have a large Catholic following .	I
Other buildings of the historic mining town of Bullfrog and near the art center are the ruins of a jail .	I
They soon found themselves under heavy fire from the Afghans and Maclean fell injured with a shot through his shoulder .	O
He allowed one walk , but he allowed no runs .	O
Was originally owned by Don Hamilton and the station offered an adult contemporary format .	I
Myelinated with a spike conduction velocity of 1 meter / second , and h1 axons are about 5 µm diameter , 1200 µm long .	I
Was given thoroughly Turkish Islamic education and she was raised in the Ottoman palace .	I
Did not compete that year but michael Stich was the defending champion .	I
Her father was Bekhan Bey , and her mother was Almaş Hanım .	O
Was named Finals MVP and deanna Nolan scored 24 points .	I
They then jumped out a side window of the house and fell through the conservatory roof , sustaining many cuts .	O
Died at the age of 82 and donkin lived at Albermarle , Wimbledon Common .	I
A Native American ceremony , followed by a Catholic ceremony , and later a third ceremony conducted by a federal court judge .	O
1935 Hauschka founded the first WALA Laboratory near Ludwigsburg and later in 1953 this became WALA- Heilmittel Laboratorium .	O
£ 16 10s , plus to the King .	I
He fled Spain during the regime of Franco , and spend the rest of his life in Mexico .	O
He published articles on the malnutrition of Albanians and the maltreatment of Gypsy populations throughout Europe .	O
The parkland is highly visible and accessed from local communities .	O
Is the oldest cup competition in the game of rugby and the match predated by four years the first Calcutta Cup match .	I
The opponents were Guy 's Hospital Football Club and was played in front of 400 spectators .	O
It would also be lighter in weight and cheaper to make than a diesel .	O
Few have ever painted old women and beggars the way he does .	O
Came closer to Surrealism and his thinking underwent fundamental change .	I
Endre Rozsda 's mother was deported in 1944 and he went into hiding to escape persecution .	O
He now lives in Auckland and walks for Racewalking Auckland .	O
I know it shouldn ’ t be a subject for entertainment , but it really makes you think , is life imitating art ? "	O
It is a high school ran by the local government of Hohhot but working on a very deep integration with Beijing No.4 High School .	O
Has a keen interest in sport , and viggers is married with two children .	I
Both were at the time signed to EMI and had already been working on different projects .	O
475 times the intensity at Earth orbit , or incident solar radiation at perihelion is approximately .	I
Training events occurred in the Stadium car park , and indoor events were held in the Empire Pool .	O
Margaret becomes agitated and commits suicide .	O
It began on 28 July 1961 and ended on 13 September 1961 .	O
Three Forest Department personnel manage and maintain the centre . ,	O
The village has a church , a school and is home to St Kevin 's GAA .	O
Received threats and she was stalked .	I
She was never seen or heard from again .	O
This probably helped him to become Metropolitan bishop of Nicaea , and for this he gained the emperor Alexios I 's friendship .	I
Played with the team the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup and he is former member of the Cameroon national under-20 football team .	I
One suggested " The Humming Rag " , and he created the tune within an hour .	O
Ultimately by his greatgranddaughter who married Sir Thomas Salusbury , and his estate was inherited by his four daughters	I
Non-points races such as the Race of Two Worlds , Marlboro Challenge , and the 2008 Nikon Indy 300 are not reflected in the totals below .	O
In April 2013 he attained the B Coaching Licence and started as player-head coach of Unisport de Bafang .	O
Also to administer it if the terminally ill patient could not self-administer , and i-119 would have allowed doctors to prescribe a lethal dosage of medication .	I
Is a tournament on the Challenge Tour and the Volopa Irish Challenge was established in 2015 .	I
He took the throne before 657 and reigning probably until his death .	O
In three years he returned and finished the art courses .	O
He supported moderate policies , and was protectionist in economics .	O
He despises the injustice of the health care system and runs his own clinic in a red-light district .	O
Was brought to Buffalo , New York in his infancy , and he was born in Ireland on March 31 , 1815 .	I
The record only included Womack 's voice and a guitarist as the primary instruments .	O
Had to revise it to 569 meters due to some systemic issues , but the Hyundai Motor Group had previously planned to construct a 553-meter-tall building .	I
From 2006 to 2007 Zimmerman was Senior Assistent at Jena and from 2007 to 2009 he was an Academic Advisor .	O
Király maintained good relationship with major underground neo-Nazi skinhead groups and she also supported Hungarian irredentism in her parliamentary speeches .	O
The film was seen for the first time in 1912 and it was used by Amundsen for his traveling lectures .	O
This was followed by the parade of athletes from 11 nations and Rimau entering the stage with Malaysia entering the stadium last .	O
Arenda Haasnoot ( born 28 March 1973 ) is a Dutch theologian and preacher in the Protestant Church in the Netherlands ( PKN ) .	O
Msu could not muster any further offense turning the ball over on downs and ending another drive with O 'Connor 's third interception of the game .	O
Punted the ball back to Indiana and msu 's offense could not take advantage .	I
In 2012 , Amirizdwan joined ATM and was given squad number 24 .	O
Bruno works security at Pink Lips , and Joey works as a travel agent .	O
Mareena 's ghost started attacking payyans but everything was just a mirage .	O
Bala saved her but she decided to die .	I
The Soldier and the Whore	I
The Soldier and The Nurse	O
The Young Wife and the College Boy	I
The Writer and The Actress	O
The singer admits she is scared she will fail , and the two end up arguing over their old relationship .	I
The Politician and the Actress	I
The Whore and the Politician	I
Yashwantrao Chavan Natya Gruha is a theatre auditorium and exhibition hall located in Kothrud , Pune .	O
A bridge over a filled-in river , or a bridge that has become useless .	O
Is also called as Shivaji road in short and this road is named after Maratha Emperor Chhatrapati Shivaji .	I
Is usually significant only at microscopic length scales and spatial dispersion on the other hand represents spreading effects .	I
Was ordained in 1958 and he began ministry in 1957 .	I
She was a 10th generation Pennsylvania Mennonite and a direct descendent of Hans Herr .	O
The lips are dark and the snout is slightly pointed .	I
He published his textbook called " Technique and Treatment with the Light-Wire Appliance " .	O
See if their plan worked and they head back to Bikini Bottom .	I
Ended in 1698 and construction started in 1697 .	I
Is a two-story rectangular brick building , and the church was built in 1796 .	I
The film was released on 15 October 2013 in the UK , and RLJ Entertainment released it in the U.S. on 1 June 2015 .	O
Today , the arena is used by the UW-Milwaukee Panthers and has been renamed the UW – Milwaukee Panther Arena .	O
It was disbanded in 1994 and was based in Chernyakhovsk .	O
In February 1912 , " Mazama " was overhauled and a new hull was constructed for the vessel .	O
Each chapter advances the team through a part of the dungeon , and also provides a realistic-looking recipe explanation to the meals they create .	O
This nematode causes galls on the grass flower spikes and it is in these that the bacteria multiply .	O
The pair 's online courtship caused a nationwide media sensation , and at the time , online dating was in its infancy .	I
He also enjoyed a longstanding relationship with the poet Ibn al-Rumi , and was one of the largest dedicatees of the latter 's poetry .	O
There are two medical schools in Hong Kong , and several schools offering courses in traditional Chinese medicine .	O
The squad also has a " Lil Ravens " summer program , and unlike the other squads , boys also are permitted to join .	O
The two-building complex was constructed in 1910 and designed in the Prairie School Style .	O
Curate then vicar at ( All Saints ' ) Richmond Hill and he was then chaplain of Agnes Stewart Church of England High School .	I
Well as Morse code for transmission of messages as telegraphers in England used the Wheatstone-Cooke system of telegraphy .	I
He is the son of Anne Cox ( née Selley ) and Desmond " Des " Styles , who worked in finance .	O
It is believed that the name " Amnatos " has Minoan origin and the location of the village appears to have been inhabited since ancient times .	I
The colt subsequently entered into the ownership of Tony Ward and was trained by Harwood at Pulborough , West Sussex .	O
Precast concrete in two colors and the facade is of polished granite .	I
Precast concrete in two colors and the facade is of polished granite .	I
Overlaid with precast concrete pavers , and these open spaces were preserved .	I
Lauda then joins Scuderia Ferrari with Regazzoni and wins his first championship in 1975 .	O
Hesketh closes down after failing to secure a sponsor , but Hunt joins McLaren when Emerson Fittipaldi leaves the team .	O
He took his advanced degree in Hungarian language and literature from University of Miskolc in 1998 .	O
Must wear the respective uniforms and students are expected to learn drills .	I
Written by Reed R. de Rouen and the episode was directed by Richmond Harding .	I
The rear has been largely rebuilt but still has late Medieval windows .	O
Is undergoing building work to convert it from a pub and the Vine Tree pub only opens by arrangement for special functions .	I
Largest waterfall on the Una river is Štrbački Buk , and is one of the main feature in the Park .	O
Missed the schoolboys representative season and injured his medial ligament in 2008 .	I
It has decreased the population 's health and increased the risks associated with pregnancy .	O
The consequences of the War have been devastating throughout the country and had a particularly negative effect on women seeking prenatal care .	O
They go to face Discord , but the Elements fail to activate .	O
Is available for streaming on Hulu and the series was also simulcasted on Crunchyroll .	I
He graduated from an airborne troops officer school in Ryazan in 1969 and went on to study at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow .	O
Having gained a black belt he gave up a job in advertising and went to train with his grandmaster Sugong in Malaysia aged 30 .	O
Hurst was allowed to train under Sugong and eventually wrote his book about him .	O
Have two years of eligibility and both will come in as juniors .	I
He then retired , and settled at Linchmere .	O
Sequoyah Riding Stables provides trail rides and hay rides within the park .	O
Solvent-free , effective amorphization , continuous process ) and solvent-based electrospinning ( increased surface area ) .	O
Jon Shone was the musical director , and karen Ringland was the band chaperone .	I
Prostitution in Angola is illegal and prevalent since the 1990s .	O
This classification contained a lot of unpublished material and was therefore superior to all previous classifications .	O
The fasti were later dismantled and used as building materials .	O
Grow , M. Jean , and Wolburg , M. Joyce .	O
The Allmusic review called it a " little-known but beautifully-played combo session from the 70s " .	O
Covered with whitish granules or its surface is either smooth .	I
" Verpa bohemica " is somewhat similar in appearance , but its cap hangs free from attachment to the stipe .	O
Independent of the adult ’ s level of experience with infants and decipherment ability of this information was determined to be applicable across cultures .	I
At some point drama must rear its head , but they seem to be working pretty well together .	I
Blues musician Bernard Wright and she is mother to rhythm .	I
The two continue to the sea as Southampton Water and the Test estuary then meets that of the River Itchen .	I
Victor 's first electrical recordings were made and issued in the spring of 1925 .	O
Now called " Christmas Is Almost Here Again " on Rhino Records and 2003 saw a re-release of her 2002 Christmas album with two extra tracks .	I
Laski vehemently denied saying this but lost the libel action .	O
These events are run entirely by locals and contribute significantly to the local economy .	O
The festival took over from the defunct Brixham Heritage Festival in 2010 and is now established as one of Brixham 's core annual events .	O
Clarkson refused to change the album , and it was released in June 2007 .	O
I am glad to say that it has now found general acceptance here and has been approved by The King " ( being George VI ) .	O
Sold to PolyGram in 1993 ) ( and motown Records was bought in 1988 .	I
Going out on a high note and so we 're looking forward to next year . "	I
He received a huge number of commissions , and fulfilled many of them despite failing health .	O
We intend to modify the violence of the fight , and to prevent the weak being trampled under foot . "	O
Motown Records was bought in 1988 ( and sold to PolyGram in 1993 ) .	O
Is the only business using the MCA trademark as of 2016 , and its country music label MCA Nashville Records is still in operation .	I
Welcomed the Labour landslide of 1945 and in postwar Britain , West voted Labour .	I
By 1955 , every car line offered a version , but no domestic car lines had OHV V8s in 1948 .	I
His goal was annual production of 2,000 cars , but lack of investment funds stalled that plan indefinitely .	O
60 % opposed ( with 86 % turnout ) and the result of the vote was 40 % in favour .	I
Emotional public speaker and lévesque was a passionate .	I
There he earned the BA in 1978 and the MA in Literature in 1980 .	O
Nevertheless , he described the content of the album as " pure and unadulterated in every sense of the word ' metal ' . "	O
In 1953 , Kaiser Motors purchased Willys-Overland , and changed the name to Kaiser-Willys Motor Company .	O
Originally , the rules required a 10-second ride , but that was changed to the current eight seconds .	O
Scores above 80 are considered excellent , and a score in the 90s exceptional .	O
Nowadays bulls are used for the open events and stock contractors supply the various roughriding associations .	O
The issue of horse slaughter crosses all equestrian disciplines and is not confined solely to the rodeo industry .	O
Then proceeded to announce that Hans Reist was excommunicated on six points ) and at this point , Jakob Ammann became irritated ( " verdreiszlich " .	I
Only a husband was allowed to exercise this right , but until then , partners were a single legal entity .	I
Other Greeks spoke of aeons ( eons ) , and plato taught the concept of the Great Year .	I
Soon after , the elephant was imported to France and kept in the Paris zoo Jardin des Plantes .	O
However , according to an independent estimate 166 hostages were killed and 541 injured in the special forces attack on the hospital .	O
Creation of larger units had to wait until 1932 – 33 , but airborne landing detachments were established after the initial 1930 experimental jump .	I
Seeking justification " begs for an authoritarian answer , and popper argued that justification is not needed at all " .	I
On this earth he had lived on an earth similar to ours … and had begotten all the spirit that was to come to this earth .	O
Adam was their father , and he had many sons .	O
In 1974 the Boards were abolished and replaced by Regional Health Authorities .	O
He taught at the University of Essex , Birkbeck College , London , and was Wilde Reader in Mental Philosophy at Oxford from 1993 to 2000 .	O
Died of his wounds there and tisquesusa fled hurt into the mountains .	I
At that moment , Usaca appeared and resisted against the Spanish conqueror .	O
Some processors are not described as VPUs , but are equally applicable to machine vision tasks .	O
Was a fourteenth-century Scottish magnate and chief of Clann Ruaidhrí .	O
Camperdown is just south of Burradon , and the two villages are closely linked .	O
Tesfaye began competing in foreign road races in 2011 and placed sixth at that year 's Singelloop Utrecht .	O
On his international debut he finished 14th and helped Ethiopia to the team title .	O
Mumme yielded the chemical formula , and tests by Nickel , Robinson .	I
The team did not continue past the Group Stage , but he attended the Season 7 World Championships with Immortals .	I
Does not provide passenger rail services , but the South Maitland Railway is nearby .	I
Took back the lead on lap 169 and edwards , however , reeled him back in .	I
Now has 02 members and it was founded in 1942 .	I
Was available at concert venues for her " " and it received a limited physical release through " mu-mo . "	I
This representation will decrease to two by July 2019 , but it currently has three Councillors in the 242-member house .	I
Has 1,925,565 registered voters as of September 2015 and the constituency represents the entire population of Niigata Prefecture .	I
It was established in 1976 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell .	O
Alsup also worked for the Washington , D.C. , Development Corporation and served as a commissioner for the St. Petersburg Housing Authority .	O
Trains at Fimleikadeild Armanns and she currently resides in Reykjavik .	I
Jennings was arrested the day after shooting Pilbeam and was charged with unlawfully attempting to kill .	O
Expels Hunter from camp and manley confronts him for cheating .	I
Each team got a point , and the game was drawn 2-2 .	I
Song of the Year at the 17th Annual Latin Grammy Awards and " Duele el Corazón " was nominated for Record of the Year .	I
Was at Benfica that he gained recognition , but alcobia started at Sporting CP in 1935 .	I
The next three years , Marques played only sparingly and missed 1953 – 54 season due to injury .	O
Grandstands were built in 1972 and can accommodate 5,000 people .	O
Chose to participate in Stuttgart instead , but louisa Chirico was the defending champion .	I
To ensure that a solution exists , we allow different utility levels , but require that agents with utility levels above the minimum receive no resources :	O
Anthony Ryan Auld was the winner , and season 2 also featuring 13 designers .	I
Season 5 features 13 designers , and Dom Streater was the winner .	O
Today the castle is owned by the Freiherren von Schauenburg and the castle has been a preserved ruin since the 18th century .	I
Won $ 6 million in the Washington State Lottery in 1993 and her father , Ray " R.J. " Dahl , worked at Boeing .	I
In 1974 the Boards were abolished and replaced by Regional Health Authorities .	O
Maouche was born in France and is of Algerian descent .	O
He retired in 1973 / 74 and moved to Scotby near Carlisle .	O
Soon the editor gets to read Moldavantsev 's manuscript and the writer initially takes on his task with great enthusiasm .	I
" The Dollop " subsequently deleted the offending episodes from their website and established a separate website to cite their sources in the future .	O
The hypoxic environment of cancer cell tissue facilitates this reduction and the specific action on cancer cells over healthy cells .	O
Gwynne also involved himself with the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) , and in 1913 he was its delegate to the American Federation of Labour .	O
Replaced by Regional Health Authorities and in 1974 the Boards were abolished .	I
In 1967 they teamed up as a coxless pair and began rowing from Melbourne 's Banks Rowing Club .	O
It is currently the second longest tunnel of it and it was one of the first tunnels of the motorway .	I
The last election was held on 5 May 2013 , and returned a majority parliament controlled by the Barisan Nasional .	O
He played 2 First-class cricket match during 1986 / 87.He is not so popular in Cricket World	O
Her sickness fully left her , and she recovered perfect health ! ”	O
Some of the hardest hip hop fans and he remained famous among the old school emcees .	I
Aron Sabat Aronov is a Bulgarian tenor and vocal pedagogue from a Jewish heritage .	O
She turned to the Anglican church to help her and she experienced a full conversion to the religion .	O
The telephone equipment was housed in the basement , and office space was located on the main floor .	O
Start hitting him and the two then find Tony mercilessly .	I
Told the police everything about his brother 's plans , and he was rushed to the hospital just in time .	I
Working as an interior designer , working briefly in Paris and by the late 1950s he was art director at Aldus Books .	I
In this video it was all English but in Sweden , the original video was used .	I
His older brother Christian Vanderkaay swam for the University of Michigan and qualified for the 100-meter breaststroke at the 2008 Olympic trials .	O
The maximum number of steps allocated per Bank is 500 , and the maximum number of steps per wave sequence is 255 .	I
At the top are two broadcast towers and a small road that reaches them .	O
The OTU 's air gunnery training section was located at Oakley and in the Autumn of 1943 , Hercules-engined Wellingtons came increasingly into use .	I
People had congregated in ad hoc squatter camps and relief had taken longer to reach Léogâne .	O
The couple have one child and he is married to Beck Underwood .	I
It is close to the border of the Dominican Republic and is one of the oldest cities in the country .	O
Astrologus lotharingus , bonus philosophus dignus ,	I
( 1869 – 1940 ) Goldman was a part of an anarchist movement and was considered part of what is known as the first-wave feminist movement .	O
Was appointed to a professorship in the Mozarteum and he had a two-year tour of recitals in Europe .	I
In 1955 , he established the " NSA Technical Journal " and served as technical advisor for the rest of his career .	O
He converted to Islam in his forties and took the name " Yakub " .	O
Apologizes for her treatment of Rick and debbie realizes Rick was right about Darren .	I
For example , after sodium borohydride ( NaBH ) has released its hydrogen and has been oxidized , the product is NaBO ( sodium metaborate ) .	O
Among Lambertenghi 's guests at the villa were the writer and patriot Silvio Pellico , who tutored Lambertenghi 's sons .	O
In 1983 he enrolled in the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki , and he began to study with Tuomas Haapanen there in 1985 .	O
The company now provides print services , and the news service has been discontinued .	I
It was originally held at Chantilly , and the event was established in 1872 .	I
Carter , the murderer is soon caught and Caroline begins working at Lassiters ' .	O
How you dance , and how you speak .	I
Previously the mascot was a Native American but it was changed to a hawk .	O
That girl 's image song plays in the background , and clips appear from the debut of each Sailor Guardian .	I
The Silver Crystal is shattered and Usagi dies of exhaustion .	O
In 2005 – 06 season , Nonda was released and Kallon was sent to Middle East on loan .	O
She attended University of Michigan during the late 1980s and moved to New York , NY upon graduation .	O
In Tokyo , a young astronomer named finds the fragment and keeps it in his observatory to study it further .	O
After returning to the Earth , Kakeru takes up Luna 's advice and meets Himeko at the airport , where the two lovingly hug .	O
Dubbed screenings were on July 28 , 2018 and subtitled screenings on July 30 , 2018 .	O
The Brotherhood grew to three hundred members , but not all were members of St. Andrews .	O
On May 9 , 1906 , the five-member Ecclesiastical Court met and by a four to one vote decided Crapsey was guilty .	O
Took him to jail and a police officer arrested him .	I
It was founded in 1890 in neighboring Ho-Ho-Kus , but has been at its current location since 1926 .	O
She graduated with a Diploma of Social Studies , and then began commenced working at Parramatta District Hospital .	O
Taste terrible Chibiusa the reverse but usagi ends up with cookies that look perfect ; produces .	I
A console version of MTR does exist for Windows , but it has fewer features than MTR on other platforms .	O
Is a junior roller coaster , and built in 1999 by Vekoma .	I
Hastened off to cure the sick and juan Diego took water from the spring .	I
Memorial Hall both by Herman J. Schwarzmann and the Exposition 's two major permanent buildings were Horticultural Hall , designed .	I
The drive circles the Waiakea Peninsula , near the Hilo International Airport , and boasts the largest hotels on the eastern side of the Big Island .	O
A recreated 18th century home and today the House is a museum .	I
The estate is a cultural reserve since 2003 and the main building is listed since 1963 .	O
The pilots agreed to the new location , and the Terrell site closed in January 2001 .	O
About north of the Mexico border and the area is south of Interstate 8 .	I
It is not included on any of the band 's studio albums and featured the band 's bass player Bruce Foxton on lead vocals .	O
Committed his first of many murders at 18 , and matteo learned to use a gun at 14 .	I
Is well-situated to access most of the village and stoughton , Guildford has a diverse parade of shops .	I
Peter becomes Hooker Peter and destroys the casino .	O
For two years the brothers fought each other over the margravial throne and a civil war broke out on the elder Manfred 's death in 1330 .	I
In 1341 , after a short siege , Saluzzo surrendered and his troops sacked it , destroying also the castle .	O
He often interferes with men in other ways and is accused of all sorts of mischief .	O
Water Follies and the Krofftettes	I
He joined the Society in 1982 and became Meetings Convenor in 1984 .	O
Bintaro Jaya to downtown in and the feeder buses are from Bumi Serpong Damai Jakarta Senayan .	I
There were no significant mechanical changes but in 1980 , the CB650 was re-styled .	I
Have uniseriate radulae with polydentate radular teeth , and " Cuthona " species feed on hydroids .	I
An African given name and letta is an Italian surname .	I
Hayes moved to dismiss the federal indictment but the trial court denied his motion .	O
Finished the round robin with a 6-5 record , and she played skip for the British Columbia team .	I
The famous Paris-Colmar where he did not finish the 2011 edition , and he still competes in long distance walking races including 24Hr , .	I
Classified Ringiculoidea as sister group to Nudipleura and ( 2016 ) proposed a new taxon Ringipleura :	I
Adults are more flexible in their habitat requirements and have been observed in more open areas .	O
Dialectician with the Megarian school and 320 BC ) was a Greek philosopher connected .	I
It exists within the Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria and is a part of the Unified Courts System .	O
Offered her a scholarship to participate in the cultural preservation program and president Plutarco Elías Calles ( 1924 – 28 ) heard about her .	I
Norway was in the process of expelling him , and trotsky had been in exile for nine years .	I
Their actions were sanctioned by the British government and intelligence was passed to British government ministers .	O
When closed , one side is the screen and the other is a physical QWERTY keyboard .	O
Prime Cuts is a live recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang , released in 1977 .	O
As an actor , he appeared in six films by Herbert Achternbusch and appeared in two of Achternbusch 's plays at the Munich Kammerspiele .	O
The one-year limit was written into the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and cannot be overridden by the FCC due to extenuating circumstances .	O
Released in 2008 , the book became very popular and sold very quickly , prompting expanded additional printings .	O
Had a military career from a very young age , and frederick was a member of the Dano-Norwegian royal family .	I
Fan returned to Macao alone , and provana died during the voyage .	I
Cui has become known as the " Father of Chinese Rock " , and " Nothing to My Name " has become his most famous song .	O
Watt 's namesake agency continues on this path , and today operates as a truly integrated retail agency .	O
Rediae can range from 0.45 mm to 3 mm , and the larger rediae can contain up to 76 cercariae .	O
Macklean had his land surveyed and divided into 75 farms .	O
Third Team NSCAA Scholar All-American and she was a Second-Team All-Pac-12 selection .	I
Moguls such as William Kissam Vanderbilt built their own courses , and it was immediately recognized as a sport of the wealthy .	I
He was jailed in 1978 for five years for robbery and served another five in 1986 for an armed raid .	O
It is approximately from New Delhi , and about from the state capital Jaipur .	O
Is usually made out of workable stone and the most common ivy stone is one-by-two feet .	I
The school was opened at the former Cartoogechaye Elementary School , and was relocated in 2007 to the new SCC Macon Campus .	O
The result quickly became a band favourite during the sessions , and a group of Moroccan percussionists played along with the band .	I
A member of the Congregational Church in Stamford and he was a firm believer in the Christian religion .	I
Hawley repeatedly represented the town of Stamford in the Connecticut House of Representatives and was also a member of the Connecticut Senate representing the 12th District .	O
" No Line on the Horizon " was chosen instead , but it was planned for the track to open the album .	I
Vocalist Bono created some melodies and sang over the music .	O
At 1 : 16 , Bono 's vocals enter and the first verse begins , lasting three stanzas .	O
The buildings razed in 1940 , and the factory closed around 1923 .	I
A few iterations of the track had previously been developed , but the " definitive version was only ever played once . "	O
Opened on 17 January 1908 , and it was built in 1907 .	I
The lumber mill had electricity for 12 hours during the day , and the hotel was connected for twelve hours beginning in the evening .	O
Entered an old , leading dry-goods establishment as a clerk , and he left high school before graduation , despite admirable records .	I
A member of the Hartford Club and cady was also a prominent Free Mason .	I
His father was born in 1797 and worked as a Scythe Maker .	O
The clips were subsequently uploaded to YouTube , but removed at the request of Universal Music .	O
Served until January 9 , 1991 and they did not seek reelection in 1990 .	I
Gingrich offered to write the foreword for the book , but Krohn wanted it to be written by William Bennett .	O
Makes it very economical and this lengthens the road life .	I
In December five of the aircraft deployed to Southeast Asia , and in May 1966 , the remaining eight aircraft joined them .	O
It may derive from " cabo " , " mouth , but a Celtic origin for the name Caburus has sometimes been disputed . "	I
Co-wrote the songs on their EP " One Through The Heart and in 2007 , she became the lead vocalist for the band Defy Tomorrow . "	I
Mcavoy picked up the pace , rocking Petersen with some flashy lefts , but was later down for a count of eight from a right uppercut .	O
Because of the sudden death of the Queen , the King abdicated and in 1668 , under the pressure of the Polish Parliament , the nobility .	I
As a result the People 's Assembly never convened , and however , the SLORC refused to acknowledge the results .	I
Kevin still plays several songs off the album regularly ( and some occasionally ) when he plays with Thin Buckle .	O
Return , which when added together create a cycle and with four-bar mechanisms there are two strokes , the forward .	I
Have different average speeds or each stroke may be identical .	I
Pastel colors , decorated with flowers painted by hand or the classic style of the area is lacquered in white .	I
Apart from its structural deficiencies , the D.III was considered pleasant and easy to fly , if somewhat heavy on the controls .	O
The newly formed Czechoslovak Air Force also obtained and operated several Oeffag machines after the war .	O
Dangerous for at the and however , the area was too remote settlers time .	I
The owners about the legality of certain modernizations being undertaken and however , there appear to be disagreements between the city government .	I
Thus explain genome evolution to a large extent and paralogous genes can shape the structure of whole genomes .	I
It stands on the North Anatolian Fault , and is currently in an earthquake warning zone .	O
This second explosion was equivalent to about 3-7 tons of TNT and was large enough to register on seismographs across Northern Europe .	O
All of the line or the following services use part :	I
On August 1 , service patterns were changed , and the Lexington Avenue Line became a through route .	O
The peninsula is entirely of volcanic origin and contains over 30 volcanic eruption centers .	O
His Short Subjects and " King Leonardo	I
He played ten seasons in the NHL and won the Stanley Cup in 1989 .	O
Had 205 amateur fights ( 191-14 ) and diaz started boxing at the age of twelve .	I
Go to school with local students and they spend a week with local hosts .	I
Was used in a car commercial and the tree has a very pleasing shape .	I
Bancroft now decided to begin literary work , but the collecting went rapidly forward without interruption .	O
The pipe organ is the first , and the forefather of keyboard bass instruments .	O
Lasted until January 2013 and it opened in May 2012 .	I
Waited for another nine years before becoming one , and bassui resisted ordaining as a monk just yet .	I
Drummer Paul Cook after that band 's demise and they were formed by ex-Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones .	I
All yochlol serve Lolth and work well together .	O
Was educated at King Edward VII School and joseph Thomas Elliott Jr. was born in Sheffield .	I
D.c. Oldham , and Troopers J.T .	O
The library officially opened on April 19 , 1846 , and became chartered by the State of Missouri that year .	O
The competition started in 2008 and was won in 2012 .	O
60 tanks were also said to have initially entered Iraq , but by the following day some had returned across the border .	O
In 1977 , she won the inaugural World Cup event and was ranked in the top ten in the world .	O
He also created mosaics and stained glass windows .	O
Inventor of biological warfare And home of the Tang wrestler .	I
From the University of Memphis with a degree in English , and ginnaven , Jr. graduated from Southside High School in Memphis .	I
Chapel which were built at the time of Henry VII and the south front ( garden ) incorporates the 15th century tower .	I
In the long jump competition she won the bronze medal and in the 80 metre hurdles contest she finished fifth .	O
Was assigned to escort the passage of the Atlantic convoys , and " Walney " joined the Londonderry Sloop Division in June .	I
She was detached after the arrival of the local escort at Freetown , and the two sloops escorted the 30 merchants of convoy SL-104 to Liverpool .	O
At Jesus Freak Hideout , John DiBiase rated the album four-and-a-half stars , and underscored that the album " offers a little bit of everything " .	O
The estate is estimated among the great growths of the region but as all wine produced in this appellation , Château Nenin is unclassified .	I
He is married to Anna Imponente and has a son , Iacopo .	O
The total fund is 40 million RMB , and the annual income reaches 109 million RMB .	O
The residence areas are coed but halls are single sex .	O
Alonzo is an alumnus of The University of Texas at Austin and the Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University .	O
Her father is South Korean and her mother is Thai .	O
The region has a large number of courses and golfing is also an extremely popular activity for Calgarians .	I
" Jambi was the fourth single from the album and the first from the " Special Edition " .	O
Officers typically carry the Glock 17 , and occasionally the Benelli M4 when patrolling .	O
Sickness in very few surviving examples of Bangubangu sculpture , and the population has been seriously reduced due to wars , slavery , resulting .	I
It was to be a short comeback , but he returned to the Crusaders first eleven .	I
Is part of Las Animas County , Colorado , and pcms is located northeast of Trinidad , Colorado .	I
A gallery overlooking the nave on the south side , and he built many apartments in the abbot 's house .	I
The paintings in the chapel have disappeared , and only the table of his tomb remains .	O
William McGinnies emigrated to the United States and settled in Ripley , New York .	O
He won the First Division title with Burnley in 1959 – 60 , and won the Second Division title with Leeds United in 1963 – 64 .	O
Aikawa resigned in 1942 , and moved back to Japan .	O
He failed to qualify for the 2010 BDO World Darts Championship and suffered a first round exit in the 2009 World Masters .	O
There is a railroad bridge over the narrow west side , between Weesp and Almere Muziekwijk , with a parallel highway bridge , the Hollandse Brug .	O
Virginia Beach is home to many sites of historical importance , and has 18 sites on the National Register of Historic Places .	O
They were a mature couple in their 40s and came with wealth to set up trade .	O
Lake Trashmore is stocked and may be fished .	O
The people were very thirsty and it was a very hot day .	I
Only thirty five of them participated in the election of his successor , but at the time of his death , there were forty six Cardinals :	I
The chapel is linked in legend to Charlemagne and may have existed as early as 806 .	O
Flows through Radnor Lake State Natural Area , and it is the effluent of Radnor Lake .	I
Ends at Machilipatnam and it starts at Pune .	I
Setanta Sports have broadcast race highlights each year since 2005 to 2015 and each year the event is featured in all national media broadcasters .	O
11.3 over a period of around 388 days and located approximately distant , it varies between magnitudes 5.2 .	I
Miąsowa was completely destroyed in one day and austrian bombardment with so powerful cannon caused counterattack .	I
The second half of the season for Dnipro was terrible and they placed in the mid-table after the final round .	O
Played three One Day Internationals ( ODIs ) and the Ireland cricket team toured Bangladesh in March 2008 .	I
It has an approximate apparent visual magnitude of 12.8 and is located approximately 45 arcseconds away from it .	O
At the Brussels Conservatory and she studied singing at Rotterdam .	I
At the same time " prejudicial " " and thirdly , when is something " unfair ?	I
From an early age he settled in Montevideo and developed his acting career as a soloist .	O
After their adventure , their sister Hikari falls ill and the two become extremely concerned about her health .	O
Moriya withstood the attack and left in silence .	O
Was toned down to be regular playable character in the sequel " and is featured as a boss character in " The Last Blade .	I
The project ended in June 2006 , and its technology was folded into StreetView .	O
Occasionally Pegman " dresses up " for special events or is joined by peg friends in Google Maps .	O
Became a regular on the pitching staff , and in 1937 Grissom had his best season .	I
He did not sign with the Earthquakes , but in 1975 signed with the Denver Dynamos .	O
In two seasons , he went just 14 – 18 but made it to the major leagues in late 1931 .	O
On Taiwan island with the Republic of China and he also played briefly for teams in South Korea .	I
They were widely ignored in Copperfield , but governor West had extended prohibition laws .	I
A. Greenwood and kwapiński , Jan .	I
Won the by-election that followed in 1892 but barr was defeated by Arunah Dunlop in 1891 .	I
The 100-yard dash is no longer practiced and was run from 1927 to 1977 .	O
Goal of the Charter and article 1 frames the purpose :	I
Umbelliferous ( carrot family ) crops are particularly vulnerable and among the most economically important of the hosts .	O
George W Bernard and 2001-04 Jean Dunbabin	I
Langley Library has a capacity of 102 , and is typically open 75.5 hours each week .	O
They have two children and engelbrektson is married to Sofi .	I
The extratropical remnants strengthened as the system continued northeastward , and on June 3 it moved ashore along South Carolina .	O
The southern half of SR 102 is called Almaville Road and has an interchange with Interstate 840 ( I-840 ) .	O
Transworld & snap BMX Magazine BMX :	I
Daft Punk were delighted by the song , leading to future collaborations , but west felt " Stronger " paled in comparison to the sampled original .	I
In 1988 , the team borrowed the HKFA membership from Double Flower and entered the league by the name of Lai Sun Double Flower .	O
Sylvester has had enough of Tweety and tells him to get lost .	O
Nearly died in a plane crash on the return trip to Springfield and when she returned , she went to San Cristobel for a family event .	I
Is located north of the old location on Hwy 16 , and the current high school opened on December 17 , 2012 .	I
With the leaders exiled , the ORP was weakened and the PAGS party was created the following year .	O
Was a three-year starter at guard , and campbell played basketball at Valdosta State .	I
He only made one appearance for the club however and moved to RC Narbonne for the 2005-2006 season .	O
Following a year of touring , Jordan parted ways with Welton and joined the band Number One Fan as a musical jack-of-all-trades .	O
Decided in 2007 to sponsor him as he advances his professional career and the Billiards Congress of America Pool League owner Mark Griffin recognized his talent .	I
Is now known as the Dean E. Metter Memorial Award and the Bobby Witcher Scholarship was renamed in his honor in 2003 .	I
The law restricts activities on Sundays and the constitution declared Sabbath a holy day .	I
It is the flagship National Public Radio member station for Hampton Roads , and is a sister station to the area 's PBS member , WHRO-TV .	O
A number are on the Bibby principle , and many of the cabins are single berth .	I
In the 1890s several families had settled around the lake , and by 1912 most of the available land had been homesteaded .	O
Created a private museum in the Palace Polibino those findings and he picked up some findings on the place of the Battle of Kulikovo , using .	I
It then goes into Imperial and meets Nebraska Highway 61 .	O
Becomes North 11th Street , a divided highway and at North 10th Street , US 6 turns north-northwest .	I
City US 6 in Hastings was deleted in 1970 and in Lincoln , it was deleted in 1983 .	O
The one that connects eastern with western Suba and the Avenida Suba is the main road of Suba .	I
Would become regular patrons of Botticelli . , and the Vespucci were close Medici allies	I
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1921 .	O
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1919 .	O
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1919 .	O
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1919 .	O
He was shipped overseas and became a pilot .	O
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1921 .	O
Fielded teams in every age group and in 1965 the senior club was established .	I
Was sold for scrap in 1921 and the boat survived the First World War .	I
Placed second at the European Championships and in 1954 he won the Soviet title .	I
He made important contributions to the understanding of sonic booms and served on numerous NASA advisory committees on the subject .	O
Small airplane flight instructor and he was also a glider .	I
Was completed in 1906 and work began in November 1904 .	I
Interior walls are rendered with raised mortar joints and painted to represent the underlying brick pattern .	O
The line was saved for tourist use and was reopened in 1970 when No .	O
His tenure was not long , nor were his ideas overly embraced .	O
It is five acres in extent , but only 3 to 4 feet deep .	O
Was delayed due to circumstances beyond the band 's control , but originally , it was supposed to be the first single .	I
Was slightly critical of the " self-conscious pop culture references " " but he also praised the song 's " terrific [ hook ] .	I
It peaked at number 17 and spent five weeks charting .	O
Earned her nominations at award ceremonies and zinta 's performance was praised by critics .	I
Stormed its main defences beginning late on July 3 , and the French fleet arrived off Grenada on July 2 .	I
He played the piano and wrote musical scores .	O
By the mid-1960s he quit school and went touring with Conway Twitty .	O
In overtime , Washington almost broke the Saints ' eleven-game winning streak , and the score was tied 30 – 30 at the end of regulation .	I
The first firm he established was " Koçzade Ahmet Vehbi " and was registered in 1926 at the Ankara Chamber of Commerce .	O
Contributed enough to encourage others to contribute , and his family were in the construction industry .	I
Has glasses and he is short .	I
The djinn son of Iblis and half-brother to Dybbuk Sachertorte .	O
Sam Levinson 's black-comedy " Another Happy Day " ( 2011 ) ) and scarwid appeared in the made-for-TV film " Backyard Wedding " ( 2010 .	I
Illustrated by Peter H. Reynolds and published by Philomel Books :	O
With co-author Anne Mazer , and illustrated by Matt Phelan :	O
She starred in the thriller " Appointment with Death " ( 1988 ) and William Friedkin 's horror film " The Guardian " ( 1990 ) .	O
His main interest was in acoustics and the study of vibrating bodies .	O
Their law was developed and published in 1820 .	O
His mother was Marie Vachod ( 1823 – 1899 ) and his father Joseph Philippe ( 1819 – 1898 ) .	O
Well as for many different citrus fruits as the climate is most suitable for these crops .	I
Had her rub her hands on his bare chest and before entering the ring , Roberts grabbed a female fan .	I
That led to Chris hating them even more and the Federals are also stealing his family 's provisions .	I
Sheffield Eagles is the main rugby league club and operates a level below the Super League .	O
In the same year Sheffield Wednesday turned professional and applied for membership of the Football League .	O
In each case the candidate withdrew before election day , but progressive Conservatives candidate had been nominated for both divisions .	I
A former mayor of the community , and burgess was a merchant in Minnedosa .	I
Original drummer Chris Stewart is named in the booklet but is not credited with playing on any tracks .	O
The festival leader is Tor Fosse , and BIFF is owned by Bergen Cinema .	O
The text inscribed on it would have been used for public purposes , but the cylinder was not intended to be seen again after its burial .	I
Twelve years later , the Assyrian king Sargon II defeated and exiled Marduk-apla-iddina , taking up the kingship of Babylonia .	O
Chaplin founded a midwifery school in Tokyo , but later returned to private practice in London .	O
The band was founded in 1989 , and since then have released sixteen albums .	O
" Cro " lasted 1 ½ seasons and ran in reruns through summer 1995 .	O
Struggled with the problem himself and hope was the child of alcoholics .	I
Created fictional dialogue for his historical figures , but he conducted extensive research for his works .	I
Dissolve into powder ( soot ) if crushed , and they make a squeaky murmuring sound when excited .	I
Gradually climbed upward over the next few years , and hemlines were just above the knee in 1961 .	I
Hemlines were just above the knee in 1961 , and gradually climbed upward over the next few years .	O
In 1986 Sperry Corporation merged with Burroughs Corporation to become Unisys , and this corporate name change was henceforth reflected in the system names .	O
Syngas is usually a product of gasification and the main application is electricity generation .	O
Gradient descent also benefits from preconditioning , but this is not done as commonly .	O
Begin to trade stolen Notum to a rival corporation , and this caused a significant number of workers to rebel .	I
Any character can access and increase any skill .	O
Html-kit colours HTML code and has built-in preview .	O
Deteriorated in the acid electrolyte , but wood was the original choice .	I
Spill their electrolyte cannot valve-regulated lead acid batteries .	I
The finale , like the first movement , is in sonata form and is dominated by a figure which opens the movement in unison .	O
Roxie meets her idol Velma , but her friendship is rudely rebuffed .	O
Both captains were eager to achieve personal glory in a fight , and the United States had just declared war on the United Kingdom .	I
" Anattā " is one of the main bedrock doctrines of Buddhism , and its discussion is found in the later texts of all Buddhist traditions .	O
Sinus Honoris , and sinus Concordiae .	I
It calls for reforms in the movement , as well as resumption of hostilities with Morocco .	O
Another was found as far south as Bulgaria and one from Finland was recovered west in northern Norway .	I
In one instance , a mallard was caught while flying in mid-air , but usually the much larger eagle is unable to capture ducks in flight .	O
Once the male mounts he often calls loudly and flaps both wings to maintain his balance .	O
The Coalition army was outnumbered in infantry but possessed a two-to-one superiority in cavalry .	O
Nagata began writing after graduating from university , and published her first short story in 1987 .	O
4 kB was reserved for the on-board I / O ports , and the first 4 kB of this address space was the ROM .	I
An aftermarket battery pack offering 1-hour run-time was available , and connected to the system through a front panel socket .	O
Returned to Triangle for " The Mask " ( 1918 ) and he did " Doing Their Bit " ( 1918 ) at Fox .	I
Syndiotactic polypropylene was discovered much later than isotactic PP and could only be prepared by using metallocene catalysts .	O
Colored using pigments or it is often opaque .	I
Escorted Fiat BR.20s that bombed the harbour of Toulon and on 13 June , Fiat CR.42s attacked French air bases .	I
It was scheduled for an early 2013 release , and was ultimately released on June 20 , 2013 .	O
Gave his Cuban team a pep talk , and castro greeted the Orioles on the field .	I
The group also held press conferences to expose Soviet forgeries and distributed copies of the fake documents to attending journalists .	O
His remains were interred at Green-Wood Cemetery , and 32 West Nineteenth Street in New York .	I
Their seemingly nasty split turns scandalous in the office , and they work at a local branch of Standard Chartered .	I
Reflexed in the middle and the outer lip is dilated .	I
A " 14CV " overhead valve S.C.A.P and these were the 2-litre " 11CV " model .	I
The general was short in stature and red-faced with an aquiline nose .	O
The 13th Indiana Infantry charged and routed this new line .	O
They moved to Canada , and their children became Figg-Hoblyn .	O
The game features a new art style , new puzzles , and new magical hats which grant the player character various powers .	O
Performed with them until his departure in 2012 and he joined them on stage for their 2006 tour .	I
Labonte departed the team at season 's end and was replaced by Rick Mast for 1991 .	O
Designed to resemble St. Mark 's Campanile in Venice and it was built with bricks made from Lake Bluff clay .	I
The Ambrose Channel cable was removed from the channel and used in testing an early system of autolanding .	O
Some of the Tsonga traders never returned to the east coast and were given responsibility of taking care of these trading stations .	O
Is now recognised as a Tsonga paramount Chief and hosi ' s paramount Chieftaincy was restored in 1995 .	I
The forewings are whitish with slender reddish brown wavy lines and blackish brown scaling along the costa near the base .	O
This was never achieved but the intended schedule was bimonthly .	I
Is published on a monthly basis and the magazine has its headquarters in Oslo .	I
Along the anal margin sometimes incomplete cross lines and the hindwings are greyish white , with irregular brown scaling distally , forming .	I
Only a few foals appear in the General Stud Book and his services were not advertised in the annual lists of stallions .	I
He subsequently signed for Sutton Coldfield Town and was immediately in the starting 11 .	O
Graves has a bachelor 's degree from Siena Heights University and worked as a real estate agent before entering politics .	O
The game received mediocre to poor reviews and upon release , these issues were essentially unchanged .	I
From Wesleyan University and an M.A .	O
Continued towards Songea and the Germans then retreated .	I
Once the frivolities had ended , minds turned to post-war policy , and particularly how soldiers returning from Europe would be reintegrated into society .	O
Has been translated into other languages , and the work has since gained popularity .	I
Victor in 1930 and sybella died in 1926 .	I
Most notably , hired Stephen Colbert as the evening 's guest comedian , and he served as President of the White House Correspondent 's Association in .	I
In what is now Bangladesh at the time of Partition and she wrote predominantly about women in the Rajasthan of her childhood .	I
Brands Hatch hosted the fifth round of the championship , and here Toyota 's championship challenge would be severely dented .	O
Harvey meanwhile got a good exit out of Abbey and moved up on the right side of Cleland .	O
The three cars went through Priory nose to tail , but going into Brooklands Cleland dived inside Soper for fifth .	O
Became a student at the Leningrad Conservatory and in August 1958 , Obraztsova passed the examinations .	I
Grew up in Marietta , Georgia but darrell was born in Hopewell , Alabama .	I
Regardless , they consider themselves as distinct from other Russians , as well as distinct from Ukrainians living in the same region .	O
Alusian decided to act first and plotted against his cousin .	O
He played the tenth inning of the game and earned the save for the American League .	O
The destroyer escort approached at 15 knots and dropped a 13-charge pattern at 0726 .	O
Also described the paper-based version of it and proposed a new electronic version of the Farnel .	I
A Wii version was originally expected but was put on indefinite hold .	O
Decided to call it quits and by 1997 , Hicken was disillusioned .	I
Have these massive anxiety attacks and i 'd show up for rehearsal .	I
Katy Clark backstage at the Grand Ole Opry and that year , the Quebes met twin sisters Penny .	I
This led to some confusion , as ritual variations developed and disputes as to the legitimacy of various lodges arose .	O
Convicted of aggravated murder , the state pushed for and secured a death penalty verdict from the jury .	O
" Very Strange , But Very True ! "	O
He spent most of his hockey career in the Czech Republic but spent parts of three NHL seasons with the Philadelphia Flyers .	O
The United States has signed , but not yet ratified the UNCLOS .	O
Conceded that the line went roughly through the middle of the island , and however , federal officials reviewed the latest satellite imagery in July 2007 .	I
Those of the " Emmanuelle " franchise , and it remains highly coveted by his fans .	I
Signed a professional contract with Bulgarian club Botev Plovdiv and at the age of 18 years he moved to Europe .	I
He played five matches and scored eight goals .	O
Paul Chekaiban is the current Chairman and Managing Director of Ezz Steel .	O
Integration has begun and is underway .	O
He was part of one Primeira Liga roster whilst under contract , but after no matches in the competition he was released in 2003 .	O
Nathan is the niece of magician Paul Nathan , and through him , Jordan was introduced to Burke .	O
In 1932 , the Faculty began to accept female students and by 1937 , about 30 women physicians were graduated .	O
All he gets is Merlin 's hat , but tom extends his arm into the hole .	I
Taken out entirely for a younger audience or some of the real-life events were either softened .	I
Maryboy won a second commission term , but was the only Navajo Indian elected .	O
Shortly thereafter , Bishop Jin reconciled with the Holy See and was thus recognized as the coadjutor bishop of Shanghai .	O
An achilles tendon injury put him out of the game , but his brother Geoffrey , also played ball for Dunsink YC .	I
Theology at Uherské Hradiště ( Eastern Moravia ) ) and he studied philosophy at Beckov ( Western Slovakia .	I
The breed was well established in Norfolk , and later became known as the Norfolk Trotter .	O
The last Portuguese soldiers surrendered on 8 March 1824 , and independence was recognized by Portugal on 29 August 1825 .	O
The birth of the independent Empire of Brazil and it was concurrently the beginning of Pedro 's reign .	I
The country became in all but the name a republic .	O
Had assumed the leadership of the Conservative Party after his death and these elder-statesmen were of the same generation as the late Carneiro Leão .	I
All were , however , of small size and more resembled large workshops than proper factories .	O
Navy as the main organs by which military policy was carried out and the Emperor was commander-in-chief of the military , with the Ministries of War .	I
They were completely inadequate for the wars of the Industrial Age and however , the Guard 's members had little if any military skill .	I
In 1961 , Metchick won six caps and scored two goals for England Youth .	O
It creates a ball corner were three radii come together , or such a tool creates the fillet flange in one step .	I
Clark was born in West Palm Beach , Florida , and currently resides in New York City , New York .	O
Invited other international artists to participate and launched 8 trips to the former Yugoslavia .	I
Are less favourable to others and most chemical constituents favour some organisms .	I
He was born in Kiel and died in Bad Honnef .	O
The changes were retained in subsequent live performances , and the lyric was partly re-written for these mixes .	I
That their only option is to continue trying with the new company and michael calms her down , telling her the reality is they both quit .	I
The first fish were tagged and released in August 1995 .	O
It belongs to the municipality of San Marino and is its most populated " curazia " .	O
It is its most populated parish ( " curazia " and it belongs to the municipality ( " castello " ) of Domagnano ) .	I
Create an almost complete record of the city at that time , and they are the earliest known photographs of the city of Toronto .	I
Its " substantially equivalent " in the state and 24 " , a bill banning state same-sex marriages .	I
Heck was Minister of Family Affairs and Youth from 1962 to 1968 .	O
Anne died in 1959 and Sue in 1977 .	O
She originally understudied the role of " Cleo " and took over the role during the Broadway run .	O
Ended with the championship game on March 24 , and the tournament began on March 22 , 2002 .	I
To Voronsky , art was not primarily a matter of mobilizing or manipulating group emotions on behalf of a class-determined world view .	O
While the museum was initially successful , it eventually declined and much of its collection was moved to other institutions .	O
On May 2013 she filed for divorce , and they separated on September 15 , 2010 .	I
Allowed the honest services fraud convictions to stand , but he ordered a new trial on those counts .	I
Not all are included in the Stanley Gibbons catalogue and several other errors of misplaced graphite lines are also known .	I
Is sentenced to lifetime imprisonment and maya kills her mother 's killers .	I
Emigrated to the United States in the early 1990s and tim White-Sobieski was born in Warsaw , Poland in 1961 .	I
In 1941 , he made his Broadway debut in the play " Popsy " .	O
On " Armstrong Circle Theatre " debut in 1950 , Pratt made his television .	I
It was built from English oak and included a stained glass window .	O
The first ACC head coach to reach the 150-win benchmark and he was the seventh head coach to reach the 400-game benchmark .	I
Have been collected by private art enthusiasts and the videos have been exhibited in international venues .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Is harvested for human consumption and the fish has some commercial importance .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The fish has one pair of short maxillary barbels , and two pairs of mandibular barbels that are often branched .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels that are often branched , and the fish has one pair of short maxillary barbels .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The mouth of the fish faces downward and has wide lips that contain papilla .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
Two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw , and the maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw .	I
Has wide lips that contain papilla and the mouth of the fish faces downward .	I
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
The maxillary barbels are on located on the upper jaw , and two pairs of mandibular barbels are on the lower jaw .	O
It measures 2.5 ’ tall and 1 ’ in diameter .	O
The Canadian football field is long and wide with end zones deep .	O
A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations , and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations . "	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations , and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations . "	O
He submitted a claim in 1853 , but he died before it was resolved .	O
Seven other properties and craig McCaw bought it .	I
, access to the northern is restricted , and there is no access to the remainder .	O
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Zeus gets chased through the house by Ted and Stewey until Stewey accidentally pepper sprayed himself .	O
The state paid $ 544.4 million for School Employees ’ Social Security and $ 856 million for School Employees ’ Retirement fund called PSERS .	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Any district above the median point is exceeding expectations , and a district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations . "	I
A taxpayer-funded preschool program for four-year-olds and the school provides a full-day kindergarten program .	I
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
After the war , Shubin worked as a chemist and joined the U.S. Department of Justice in 1971 .	O
A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations , and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations . "	O
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Readers later found out that Sly was shot to death and the disbandment of the band led to a more permanent falling-out .	I
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
The Wellsboro Area School District is a small , rural / suburban public school district located in central Tioga County .	O
A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations , and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations . "	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
Any district above the median point is exceeding expectations , and a district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations . "	I
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must include the primary residence of the owner .	O
The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner .	O
She is best known for her performances in the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D 'Oyly Carte Opera Company .	O
Was to be their last studio album of the ' 90s and their third album " Nobody Else " went straight to number 1 .	I
Digitally scanned to construct the game environment and a 3D model of the island was built .	I
" PC Zone " felt the game could be quite frightening but that there were too many guns scattered around the island .	O
Raised in Los Angeles , California and robinson was born in New York City .	I
Replaced by a non-executive President , a post first held by Mutesa and the post of Governor General was abolished with the attainment of republican status .	I
The Ghaggar-Hakra system was rain-fed , and water-supply depended on the monsoons .	O
The city reached its peak in Phase III , and may have had a population of around 24,000 .	O
The palatial complex was surrounded by a two-meter-thick rammed-earth wall , and Palaces 1 , 7 , 8 , 9 were built .	O
Found it to be an extraordinarily potent opioid peptide and applied the synthetic peptide to the guinea ileum longitudinal muscle .	I
Proposed that , although endogenous opioids are not necessary to maintain body weight and energy expenditure under predictable circumstances , they become activated under stressful conditions .	O
He returned to Boston in 1805 and resumed the practice of law .	O
Presided over its first formal organization in Massachusetts and dexter was an ardent supporter of the temperance movement .	I
Late in his playing career , Keefe began to coach college baseball and he continued in this capacity after his retirement as a player .	O
Nearly ten years before the film was eventually made , Director Steve Barron and Jim Henson were considering the idea of a live-action version of Pinocchio .	O
Also served as British Ambassador to France and he was twice Secretary of State for War .	I
In 1908 he succeeded his father in the earldom and took his seat in the House of Lords .	O
Currently has a capacity of 50,900 , and the ground was bought in 1888 .	I
In the 1950s the RCAF contributed fourteen squadrons of CF-100 interceptors and this was reduced to three squadrons of CF-101s by 1970 .	O
Election observers insisted that no fraud had taken place , but scholarly analyses published over the years to come disagreed .	O
Besides , too many other magazines have ripped it and started doing their own lame take on themes .	O
He was jazzed and we sang harmonies with him . "	I
The Cubs defeated the Detroit Tigers in five games , but tinker batted only .154 in the 1907 World Series .	I
Charles Weeghman , the owner of the Whales , purchased the Cubs and consolidated his two Chicago rosters , retaining Tinker as his manager .	O
He was buried in Greenwood Cemetery and survived by his four children .	O
Appeared from 1997 to 2004 and she was played by Alex Kingston .	I
Retained it for four more years and he won the seat back in 1950 .	I
Secured the bird 's skin from them , and walter Mantell happened to meet the sealers .	I
Concentrate heat and wax may pool .	I
He was the only established front rank political figure in the faction and thus a very strong candidate to form the next Conservative ministry .	O
The model is extremely good with modelling creep in materials , but with regards to relaxation the model is much less accurate .	O
Under extreme conditions heatstroke can also occur but the main risk of heat exposure is dehydration .	I
Betts was born in Edmonton , Alberta , but grew up in Sherwood Park , Alberta .	O
Toured the United States in a private railway car ) and he also filled Madison Square Garden ( 20,000 seats .	I
The 80-year-old artist also restarted his Polish Relief Fund and gave several concerts to gather money for it .	O
They constitute one realm , but there are many provinces .	I
Peabody , " Jesus Christ and the Christian Character " .	O
Production staff and session musicians	I
Some implementations may extend or adapt the tower .	O
Their third alone in the same year , and it is their seventh album in all .	I
It does not turn appreciably off the pitch , and this means the ball has backspin on it .	I
Bassist Roger Patterson wrote the bass lines for " Unquestionable Presence " , but died in a touring van accident before the recording sessions took place .	O
In 1800 it bought the lease of the wharf and from 1792 the Oxford Canal employed a wharfinger at Eynsham .	I
This was the last flash lock on the Thames , and was not rebuilt as a pound lock until 1928 .	O
Held south of Trubchevsk for two weeks and the division then defended the Sozh River line .	I
In the Battle of Moscow and the division then fought around Tula .	I
The army fought in Operation Bagration and broke through the German lines .	O
Governor of Bermuda from 1964 to 1972 and her father was a British Conservative Party politician .	I
The society built its own house for their activities and moved into it on November 1 , 1908 .	O
Nobody was allowed to appear under the influence of alcohol and no alcoholic drinks were allowed to be brought to the hall .	I
Attempting some of the most daring stunts in mountain biking and mcgarry had a reputation for sending some of the biggest features .	I
This test requires the calculation of a small number of permanents , but does not need the calculation of the full expected probability distribution .	O
Et is known as the Esscher transform in mathematical finance and is used in such contexts as insurance futures pricing .	O
Is led by its co-founders , and dreamloop currently employs 8 people .	I
Carrigan Lane is a narrow gravel lane between Safford and Division Streets , northeast of central downtown Bennington .	O
" 2006 European Men 's and Women 's Team Badminton Championships	O
Clicked several of his rare pious moments and dethan for nearly two decades followed the guru .	I
Is the only Iranian photography competition to have internationally qualified members , and this award is given to a social documentary photographer each year .	I
Includes 72 black-and-white photographs , and it has 304 pages .	I
I negotiated as hard as I could , but we finally settled for his asking price .	O
Canada ended Round Robin in first place and won the promotional playoff over Chile .	O
Encouraging drama revolving around Ufaq and ‘ Shehr-e-Ajnabi ’ is an emotional .	I
He was devoid of business sense and degenerate in his personal habits .	O
That family today runs the Jahan Numa hotel in Bhopal and the Reni Pani jungle lodge in the nearby forests .	O
Got along well with her family and she formed a close relationship with Dennis .	I
In 2001 was covered by Russian singer Alsou , and the latter was released as a promotional single .	I
It was designed by Francis Smith of Warwick and the current house was built from 1727 to 1729 .	I
Editor-in-chief of Musings and she is the Founder .	I
Liam Lis is a pop singer / songwriter from New York City .	O
Liam Lis is a pop singer / songwriter from New York City .	O
In 2014 the club won their local league championship that year and reached the final rounds of the regional amateur football championship .	O
From Barnard College and her M.A .	O
His printer 's mark was a winged horse , and his motto " Totum sic irrigat orbem " .	O
The episode was originally scheduled to air on October 26 , but was then delayed until November 16 after the election finished .	O
Iowa Democrats reported " discrepancies in caucus results " and confusion over the math of the delegate-awarding system .	O
They 're an interesting couple or they 're not . "	O
The couple combinations within the love triangle were equally in demand , and which of the two is a true supercouple remains in dispute .	O
They are symbols of law and order from ancient Hawaii .	O
We have already recalled how Bishop Bisse most inexcusably completed its ruin , and in the troubles of 1645 the lead was stripped from its roof .	I
Used the power of this knowledge to finally kill him - and daimon discovered his father 's true name - Marduk Kurios .	I
The news producer was Alan Mohan , and the news writer was Nick Allen .	O
They never built the ballpark , and after that , something happened .	I
Was buried in Mount Olivet Cemetery in Queens and rubinstein died April 1 , 1965 from natural causes .	I
Hosogaya was accordingly retired from active service after the battle and assigned to govern a group of South Pacific islands .	O
Not all offices have the same type of organization , and different titles may be used for substantially similar jobs .	O
They begin a fairytale romance and fall madly in love .	O
She resurfaces unscathed in 1983 , but Steve is very badly injured .	O
He is the only child of what Lewis describes as " very up-to-date and advanced people , " who send him to a progressive mixed school .	O
For the undergraduate class of 2020 , 2,447 high school students applied and 90 were admitted , yielding an acceptance rate of 3.7 % .	O
The program is extremely selective , accepting only 90 students each year , and is considered among the most prestigious combined medical programs in the country .	O
These included the Turkish siege of Vienna in 1683 , and the outright occupation of Vienna by Napoleon in 1809 .	O
Rühe frequently expressed frustration with restrictions on German troops joining international peacekeeping missions and faced public criticism of the increasing deployment of German military forces abroad .	O
President Barack Obama banned the use of waterboarding and several other interrogation methods in January 2009 .	O
Made the top 50 and ribbons progressed through the competition .	I
Refers them to appropriate committees for review and the council goes through bills on first reading .	I
The goals in a stage and cutscenes inform players of background events .	I
Is mysteriously taken away by the LSF and lonnigan refuses to pay Trent when he awakes .	I
The state 's 34th Attorney General and he was the 45th Governor of Missouri .	I
Dean of the Harvard Divinity School from to and rupp was the John Lord O ’ Brian Professor of Divinity 1979 1985 .	I
Time-lined in a number of historical overviews of computing and the impact of the Mead – Conway work is described .	I
One of only two rookies to make the All-WNBA First Team , and bird was the runner-up for the Rookie of the Year award .	I
Directed by Nigel Dick and a music videos was filmed .	I
" the supreme accomplishment of reaction within this party " and he dismissed the resolution as " little more than junk . "	I
Wilson served as governor until the end of the term in 2001 , and in October 2000 , Governor Mel Carnahan died in an airplane crash .	I
These had lodgings for travelers and grew as commercial centers .	O
Died in 2002 and he never completely recovered .	I
Water symbolizes life as it has the ability to heal but it can also represent the ability to avoid death .	O
Low tones disappear between high tones , but their effect remains as a downstep .	O
It takes people hours to be themselves and sometimes only once they 're drunk .	O
Offers in-app purchases and the game is free-to-play .	I
Undergraduate Courses and Engineering Courses	O
Played with the Wiener Philharmoniker and he also worked as a conductor .	I
Cultivates the entire land overnight and lord Shiva comes to his rescue .	I
Did not approach the attendance of Sanders events " but clinton drew " appreciative crowds of respectable size .	I
He has competed in the Biathlon World Cup , and represented Finland at the Biathlon World Championships 2016 .	O
Represented Canada at the Biathlon World Championships 2016 , and he has competed in the Biathlon World Cup .	I
Aadhithya overhears their conversation and kills the superintendent .	O
After some years , Vasu buys the bungalow and enters the house with his whole family .	O
Shows a video taken in the phone unknowingly and jambulingam blames Vasu for threatening his mother with ghosts .	I
Was killed by his family members for the house and sangili Aandavar ( Radha Ravi ) lived in the house .	I
Was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 , and the site is marked by a stone memorial placed in 1873 .	I
Often played a political role , and undertakers had a special niche .	I
She was an advisor to the Democratic National Committee in the 1940s , and advised several New Deal agencies trying to reach out to black women .	O
" Ryder " is an experimental novel and does not follow a linear narrative .	O
Recently the hotel have built a platform for helicopters , and several villas for overnight stay with a staff house .	O
Returned to Plymouth and in 1871 Warren retired .	I
Another in 1769 shows the bridge with possibly more than seven and a 1740 engraving of Llawhaden Castle shows the bridge with five arches .	I
The Hawks finished in eighth place with an 11 – 15 record and lost 2 – 1 to the Cockburn Cougars in the quarter-finals .	O
Played 103 game in the Championship division in Big V & stone played for the Melbourne Tigers in the NBL from 2008-2011 .	I
The aircraft remained a paper project and in the event , none were built .	I
Ulrica Eleonora Rålamb was described as an intelligent beauty interested in politics and became a leading member of Stockholm high society after her marriage .	O
Signed with Damallsvenskan club Eskilstuna United DFF and on 19 December 2016 , Brown left Scotland .	I
Is now complete and work began in 2013 .	I
Went out of business in 2005 and the company was founded in December 1997 .	I
A distant fourth place in the contest and he took only 2.9 % of the vote .	I
Investigated claims of paranormal phenomena and he worked as a Dutch journalist .	I
All three drivers continued , but needed repairs for damage .	O
He was unmarried and had no children	O
Because of this people have honored Marita Bonner 's wishes and have not produced a published production of this play .	O
Associated procedures and c2 information systems .	I
Stackhouse has a troubled marriage , and his wife turns up dead .	O
Continue to this day and point-to-points have subsequently been revived .	I
Ashamed for my crimes or i could not be more sorry . "	I
His family never heard from him again and they reported him missing in 1965 .	O
He had $ 82,000 in his bank account and had listed his co-workers as emergency contacts .	O
We 're in the future , but it 's a 70 's aesthetic . "	I
1973 ) is a chamber and orchestral classical music composer .	O
In 1884 T. P. Hudson took over the lease , and after more redecoration reopened the theatre as The Bijou .	O
Had cancer and she was 85 .	I
Some are sandy and excessively drained .	O
The satellite was three-axis stabilized and in a near-circular orbit .	O
The state Senate confirmed Rabner on June 21 , 2007 , and he was sworn in as Chief Justice eight days later .	O
In 2007 , construction began in November , and in early December it began providing lodging .	O
After staying at the hotel or visitors can get a sauna before .	I
Brazil has the largest concentration of Japanese and people of Japanese descent outside Japan .	O
Collapsed soon after and the Simbas were defeated .	I
Encouraged by the UMHK , the Belgian government provided military support to Katanga and ordered its civil servants in the region to remain in their posts .	O
The common English name comes from the English word broom , and the Latin " rapum " ( " tuber " ) .	O
Tillman was known for wearing large hats and has cultivated this image as her trademark	O
Virtual Wallet is a combination checking account and savings account accessible via mobile app .	O
Issuing credit cards under the MasterCard brand in partnership with U.S. Bancorp and in 2006 , PNC got back into the credit card business by marketing .	I
Are rare , but diphthongs occur .	I
Andris Piebalgs is married and has three children .	O
In 1996 , Migden ran a stop sign by the State Capitol and crashed into a 1990 Dodge Spirit sedan owned by Teresa Latham .	O
In reality I just had a hearing problem , but all these years I had thought I was stupid . "	I
Democracy may be accepted as Associate Members and other organizations dedicated to the cause of freedom .	I
Make recommendations to the General Conference and the Executive Board shall consider the application .	I
Composer Franz Liszt it clear that Liszt practiced faithfully and for encouragement , his mother would tell stories of the great pianist , making .	I
Last for up to an hour and effects are greatest at about 4 minutes .	I
The runes seem to be a simplification of the Swedish-Norwegian runes and lack certain strokes , hence the name " staveless " .	O
The soundtrack for the film was provided by the Grimethorpe Colliery Band , and the plot is based on Grimethorpe 's own struggles against pit closures .	O
The event was the first of its kind in a concert venue and won " Best Event Look " at the SportBusiness Awards 2008 .	O
Also one of the best-selling singles of all time and it is Minogue 's highest selling single as of 2013 .	I
" 20,000 Days on Earth , and " , " Holy Motors " " .	I
An educated guess or by Torricelli 's law .	I
In 1992 the school actually opened as Andong Industrial Technical College , and in 1987 , governmental permission to found a school was received .	I
Their oral history says that some of their people are still there , and if they go back they will not be allowed to leave again .	O
Three UK Top 10 albums during the and the group had eight UK Top 40 hit singles 1990s .	I
He fought in the Beyonder 's " Secret Wars " and became a charter member of the West Coast Avengers .	O
A fully upgraded armor with new armaments was made and stark gave Rhodes the blueprints to the War Machine armor .	I
In the new century altered his style to fit new Baroque trends , but he was one of the " Haarlem Mannerists " from about 1585 .	I
Was rebuilt in the year 1807 as an interim solution , and the floating bridge was broken apart by waves in 1806 .	I
The Shadow King took possession of Legion , but x-factor discovered that his nexus was Polaris .	I
Appeared as a cloudy face in a bottle in his sanctum and when Xavier died , the Shadow King became an agent of Apocalypse .	I
Again from 1995 to 1997 when Republicans control of the Senate and he was chairman of the Veterans ' Affairs Committee from 1981 to 1985 regained .	I
He supported abortion rights and voted against ban of	O
" Advanced Aerodynamics and Structures Inc .	O
This set of paintings is characterized by a sublime simplicity and order that few artists of his genre ever obtained .	O
Signed a deal with Virgin Records in July , and the group considered a variety of record labels .	I
Ended at number sixty-eight on the year-end chart , and it peaked at nine in its eighth week .	I
, for the most part , more literal but the revised version is said to be less literary .	I
The female tarsier has multiple sets of breasts , but the only functional set is at the pectoralis .	O
The optimal area is more than 6 ha and they travel up to 1.5 km across the forest .	I
Buchanan was previously based in Florida and currently lives in rural Georgia .	O
It represents an entirely new approach to the traditional fantasy roleplaying campaign , and the world itself is filled with a strong sense of history . "	O
Art of Erasmus Darwin Barlow and phyllida Barlow ( born 1944 ) is a sculptor academic ; daughter .	I
The accession of the unpopular Caliph Abderrahman dan Abi Bakar and monteil claimed that Fulani power was tottering because of the war .	I
I 'm sworn to them , and must honor my promise " .	O
356 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 20 businesses in this sector .	O
Was part of the Balerna parish until the 17th century and the village church of S. Stefano is first mentioned in 1545 .	I
880 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 69 businesses in this sector .	O
Well as for other types of presentations , as these images were used in business presentations .	I
773 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 41 businesses in this sector .	O
2017 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 167 businesses in this sector .	O
There are an infinite number of bands , and in typical solids , k-space is three-dimensional .	I
Approaches the outskirts of Holland and the highway runs through more farms .	I
There are 58 businesses in this sector and 1,171 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
Chamberlaine bought land in Bedworth and became the parish squire .	O
To turn all the forges of Hephaestus to her purposes , and she is easily able to sway the will of Zeus .	I
M-214 would later be decommissioned as a highway designation and the M-79 designation was reapplied to the roadway .	O
Developed the first systematic classification of plants and a forerunner of John Ray , he elucidated .	I
A wide variety of groups , movements , political parties , and organizations have worked for Puerto Rican Independence over the centuries .	O
The Republic of Puerto Rico was proclaimed , and Francisco Ramírez Medina was proclaimed interim presidency .	O
Stayed on the board , but he resigned in 1915 .	I
Served as the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance and in his later career , Morris commanded the Mediterranean Squadron .	I
The County of Flanders lost its ( relative ) independence to Burgundy , and with her death , the House of Dampierre came to an end .	I
Charles City Cross Roads and Glendale June 30 .	O
Surrender of Lee and his army .	O
Studied media at Sinclairgymnasiet in Uddevalla and poohl grew up in Åsensbruk in Dalsland .	I
The inner space of the building is rectangular and its entrance is in the neighboring room .	O
The games were played at Hermann Stadium and the tournament was hosted by Saint Louis University .	I
The games were played at the USF Soccer Stadium and the tournament was hosted by the University of South Florida .	I
Daniel spent the next year immersing himself in Detroit 's dance music and DJ culture , which eventually began to influence his own recordings .	O
Is definitely not happy and mrs. Stallone knows all about it . "	I
The tournament was hosted by Saint Louis University and the games were played at Hermann Stadium .	O
The games were played at Cardinal Park Stadium and the tournament was hosted by the University of Louisville .	I
Electropop love song influenced by 1980s music and " Your Type " is a midtempo synth-pop .	I
The games were played at Westcott Field and the tournament was hosted by Southern Methodist University .	I
The district court held the patent invalid and Monsanto appealed top the Third Circuit .	O
Comedian best known for his work on the " Superego " podcast and jeremy Carter ( born February 22 , 1972 ) is an American actor .	I
May be made public after their 18th birthday but information of juvenile offenders are withheld for law enforcement .	I
Offenders served less than half that period in prison and the average sentencing for imprisoned sex offenders was 8 years .	I
Information of juvenile offenders are withheld for law enforcement but may be made public after their 18th birthday .	O
This clipper transitioned into a storm complex early on April 7 , and brought heavy rain to parts of the New York metropolitan area .	O
The 1.0 16V and 1.3 16V .	O
Huntington Beach High School ( 1995 – 1999 ) ) and he attended Dwyer Middle School ( 1992 – 1995 .	I
Reach a depth of some from the coast and the waters are very shallow with a sandy bottom .	I
World No and 67 Chris Guccione .	I
Becomes addicted to the attention , and titus is very well received .	I
Were passed the puck from two teammates situated behind the goal line , and in this event , competitors were positioned in front of the net .	I
She received lessons by the choir director Christian Bollmann in Düsseldorf and for a long time took part in the Berlin Didgeridoo-Orchestra .	O
For New Zealand 39 both large for the time , and on retirement in 1913 he had appeared for Auckland 45 times — numbers .	I
He was very popular with his teammates and possessed a good sense of humour .	O
Gives her his number ) and chiku ( Nushrat Bharucha .	I
Have them interact with their surroundings and players are able to control several characters .	I
Was educated at Barnsbury Girls ' School , and she was born in Highbury , London .	I
Lease the right to dig for oil to an oil company but for example , the owner could choose to keep all the rights .	I
Than " registration of title . " ) rather the indefeasibility of a registered interest	I
Land is an essential input ( factor of production ) for agriculture , and agriculture is by far the most important economic activity in pre-industrial societies .	O
Nii is a professional banker and married to Yaa Okai .	O
Some consider it as itself part of human evolution , and call it the , the rise of Symbolic culture .	O
A post office was established at Freeman in 1866 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1915 .	O
Taken to jail and the family was arrested .	I
Scritti vari " and the scient .	O
Producer who created Bob the Builder and keith Chapman is a British television writer .	I
" Confiance " broke off the action and sailed away early on Christmas morning .	O
Besides playing as a receiver he also returned kicks and even played some free safety for the Buckeyes .	O
Are responsible for thirteen percent of deaths in women and according to E Medicine Health , illegal abortions are unsafe .	I
The tournament was hosted by Southern Methodist University and the games were played at Westcott Field .	O
She threatens to kill them both , before Jordan arrives to intervene , and black arrives to find Mulder struggling against her attempts to control him .	I
Mello de Eugubio ( Mello da Gubbio or one name brought up in this regard is Melli ) .	I
His path to accepting his culture and the story covers his search for identity .	I
Killed two other pedestrians and while escaping , they shot .	I
Was disbanded in Melbourne in June and it returned to Australia in March 1919 .	I
Roswell is a member of the Georgia High School Association ( GHSA ) and Region 4-AAAAAAA for athletic competition , as of the 2016-2017 academic year .	O
Adams was the first principal and oversaw the addition of more	O
Rhs students participated in the 2007 Annual Japanese Challenge Academic Bowl and won the most awards of any school at the competition .	O
The student-published yearbook is the " Mimosan " , and the student-run radio station is WRHS The Hive .	O
Those arrested were not charged and soon released on bail .	O
Recognized them as the same species and in 1873 Henry Henshaw clarified this matter .	I
Travel via the West Coast Main Line to Scotland and two services depart London each night from Sunday to Friday .	I
Produced short films and hynes has also directed .	I
Figure skating before transitioning into youth hockey and as a child , Chu participated in soccer .	I
Subsequently supported the 9th Division throughout the Battle of North Borneo , and 16 AOP Flight detachment landed on Labuan island on 10 June .	I
On 1 July the detachment at Tarakan ceased operations , and embarked to take part in the landing at Balikpapan .	O
The last stop to run along Woodlawn Avenue , and it is the last stop before Sharon Hill .	I
Today this expressway is owned by Prolintas and its subsidiary Prolintas Expressway Sdn Bhd .	O
Is a member of the Alliance for Financial Inclusion and the bank is engaged in policies to promote financial inclusion .	I
Was beaten by Johanna Konta in three sets but pironkova reached the second round of the US Open .	I
It was difficult to negotiate by boat and the current in this bay is extremely strong .	I
Is severely irritating to the eyes and it is poorly absorbed through the skin .	I
The ellipsoid method is also polynomial time but proved to be inefficient in practice .	O
P. Ylikoski and hedström , P. .	I
It was originally built at the same time as the first pagoda , but was destroyed in a fire during the rule of the Qing Dynasty .	O
Her turret was protected by 14 inches of iron armour , and she had 7 inches of iron armour on her deck .	I
That seat was abolished for the general election held a year later , and Ripper followed most of his constituents into the recreated seat of Belmont .	O
People in Kerala name the elephants and they use them for festivals .	O
All these slow the bus down and expose rifts among the travelers .	O
The LSE Receiver terminated freight operations that same day , and in 1937 , LSE freight-service employees went on strike .	I
Have been converted to other uses , and some former LSE structures remain standing .	I
As of Round 11 , 2015 , Varcoe had played in 149 games and , of those 149 games , had won 122 of those games .	O
They also reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals but were unable to defend their title .	O
Hart held the premiership cup aloft for a second time and richmond easily disposed of the upcoming North in the Grand Final .	I
Died around 1820-1822 in what is now Toronto and george Henry Playter was born around 1736 in Surrey .	I
He is the first to try to slay the Scorpion King , but Imhotep grabs it out of the air with a running leap .	O
They were subsequently runners-up on three occasions and won the League Cup three times .	O
Was not named to the team 's final roster but he also earned a spot on the San Antonio Spurs .	I
Became increasingly immobile until his death in 2003 and he was diagnosed with motor neurone disease in 2001 .	I
Was repainted in the ORB 's yellow livery as their N 3 and at the time the DJ was the largest industrial locomotive in New Zealand .	I
Was named an All-American the same year and he was awarded the Outland Trophy in 1968 .	I
Type 1 CompactFlash ( CF ) cards are its storage , and image viewing is done on its 1.5 inch TFT LCD screen medium .	I
Joined the Aldershot Senior League and the club was established in 1897 .	I
During a lecture , he stumbles offstage and is admitted to the local hospital .	O
They rejoined the Division Two East of the league in 1919 , but left again at the end of the 1919 – 20 season .	O
She had five inches of iron armour on her deck , and her turret was protected by twelve inches of iron armour .	O
Assisted by German troops , Solomon returned and was again crowned king in 1063 .	O
Ordered his cousins to accompany him and solomon decided to invade the Byzantine Empire .	I
The establishment of a full line-up and 2007 brought the departure of bassist Hrothgar .	I
The station received automatic train control from 23 September 1982 , and starting on 1 October 1982 , the station became unmanned .	O
The station is not staffed and serves no local population .	O
The game was released on October 15 , 1996 and included more levels than its predecessor " " .	O
She had five inches of iron armour on her deck , and her turret was protected by twelve inches of iron armour .	O
Hand-picked all the tracks that appeared and madonna was executive producer on the soundtrack .	I
Became the City University of Hong Kong and in 1992 the nearby Polytechnic gained University status .	I
In 1989 the club was renamed Woolwich Heathway , but reverted to their original name within a year .	O
It is the fifth largest city in the state and one of the fastest growing cities in Brazil .	O
It also included the building of a national military command center as well as training compounds in several provinces of the country .	O
Matilda 's resolution was unshakable , and Godfrey returned to Lorraine alone .	O
Most boys were taught their father 's trade or were apprenticed out to learn a trade .	O
" Enchanted April " , for which she won a Golden Globe " and she also won acclaim for her performances in " The Crying Game .	I
Richardson has never married and has no children .	O
Like many German territories , Mecklenburg was sometimes partitioned and re-partitioned among different members of the ruling dynasty .	O
There was still no system for notating rhythm , but notation had developed far enough to notate melody .	I
Other watercraft approaching due to the the boat and recent testing shows that manatees may be able to hear speed boats , frequency makes .	I
The meat tasted like venison , and the stomach contained ginger leaves .	O
There have been continued terminal improvements and a second runway was opened in 2001 .	I
The show ran for 80 performances and received two Tony Award nominations .	O
The film received poor reviews and was not financially successful .	O
Binding of a miRNA to a message can repress translation of that message and accelerate poly ( A ) tail removal , thereby hastening mRNA degradation .	O
The resonance would have increased Miranda 's orbital eccentricity to 0.1 , and generated tidal friction due to the varying tidal forces from Uranus .	O
Multiplan became very popular on CP / M systems , but on MS-DOS systems it lost popularity to Lotus 1-2-3 .	O
Showed its future of developing GUI software and this accomplishment solidified Microsoft as a valid competitor .	I
Inxs released " Kick " in October 1987 , and the album provided the band with worldwide popularity .	O
He does not directly mention the restoration of the temple , and no allusion is made to him by Ezra , however .	I
Each Word Binary File must contain a stream called " WordDocument " stream and this stream must start with a File Information Block ( FIB ) .	O
Macos , released on September 24 , 2018 and the current desktop version is Office 2019 for Windows .	I
Uses AES 128-bit advanced encryption by default and the password can contain up to 255 characters .	I
Later became a regular product but it was originally a limited-time promotion .	I
Article 25 encouraged foreign investments in the private sector , and article 20 was about the establishment of private firms .	I
Motorola Semiconductor Products Division 's management was overwhelmed with problems and showed no interest in Peddle 's low-cost microprocessor proposal .	O
The division was reorganized and the management replaced .	O
Is best known for a computer program , MIKBUG but he is listed as an inventor on eighteen 6800 patents .	I
Motorola could supply every IC , transistor , and diode necessary to build an MC6800-based computer .	O
Motorola did not have an n-channel MOS production capability and had to develop one for the 6800 family .	O
These indicated the clock rate would be limited to 1 MHz and motorola 's n-channel MOS test integrated circuits were complete in late 1971 .	I
The first working 8080 chips were produced January 1974 and the first public announcement was in February 1974 .	O
Dataproducts used it in the LZR 1260 , and kodak used it in the Ektaplus 7016PS .	I
A President was hired to lead the organization and in 2013 , a Board of Directors was established .	I
Was the original site of the town of Måløy and the island became an important trading post for the region .	I
Abandons him while he explores the town and peg proves intolerant of her husband 's interest .	I
In 2006 , Elixir Films was producing " Prankstar " and had additional information of the film on their website .	O
Coloman ignored the privileges of the Knights Templar and wanted to collect taxes on their estates .	O
He granted Đakovo ( ) to its bishop and he supported the establishment of the Diocese of Bosnia .	I
The process of urbanization started in 1920 , and was completed over the following 50 years .	O
Out to the Downs of Kent and this provides excellent views over the marshes .	I
Was bequeathed by him to found Christ 's Hospital in Winchester and the manor of Ingleby was bought by Peter Symonds in the 1580s .	I
It is in the north and west part of Chadwell .	O
Enable pioneering studies in a number of important research areas and the telescope will significantly augment Lowell Observatory ’ s observational capability .	I
The telescope saw first light in 2012 and it was fully operational that year .	O
The object was discovered by a PanSTARRS telescope , but not identified as a comet at that time .	O
Demolished in the early 2000s and " The Pelican " was closed .	I
Emergency facility that was in 1982 and arrowe Park Hospital is a large acute accident opened .	I
Arrowe Park Hospital was built on of parkland and officially opened by the Queen in 1982 .	O
The successful bidder was Luney Bros. & Hamilton ( $ 224,500 ) .	O
This was the start of an extended stay in the first division , and success followed soon after , with the side winning the 1983 championship .	O
Feed from 1898 to 1910 and he later engaged in manufacturing flour .	I
Can be produced for use in service until , and developing countries can use in new equipment until 2030 2040 .	I
After his return to Australia he was promoted major-general and was deputy quartermaster-general until his retirement in 1922 .	O
The first official Katholikentag festival was organized by Adam Franz Lennig and held in Mainz from 3 October to 6 October 1848 .	O
Wasn 't able to get a visa but archbishop Justin Badi Arama was registered to attend .	I
Cstv is available in 54 million homes , but only has 15 – 20 million subscribers .	O
The last home game for Colorado 's seniors and this was the last home game of the season .	I
Was part of the All-EuroBasket Team , and he led the tournament in assists .	I
Had an amateur contract with Hearts , and anderson was capped by Scotland schools .	I
He then returned to Israel and was signed by F.C .	O
Also declined to fight but adam Carolla was also approached .	I
They renamed the country Zimbabwe , and Robert Mugabe became the president .	O
These would be the most telling sign of the species , but only to observers familiar with other local parrots ' vocalizations .	O
Shortly afterwards , Rikash Moonsword the Stormwing appears to be fond of Maura and he makes Daine rethink her theory about all Stormwings being naturally evil .	O
Initiated the Klang War in 1867 , and raja Mahdi happily accepted the offer .	I
After saving her life from spidrens , Numair forgets himself and kisses Daine , admitting he loves her very much .	O
Is 20 volumes ( 22 thousand pages ) , and it contains more than half a million Lithuanian headwords long .	I
It was finished in 2005 , and an online version has appeared .	O
Second squad teams were not eligible for promotion or allowed to play in the promotion game .	O
He is the former president of United Airlines from 1999 to 2002 and rono Dutta is currently the CEO of InterGlobe Aviation which operates IndiGo Airlines .	I
He owed interest on interest and lost all he had .	O
C . 1483 , died 1533 ) and Henning van der Heide ( ca .	O
A widget at the purchaser 's door step on X date , ; but when does the purchaser learn of the breach in an anticipatory repudiation ?	O
He later graduated from Manhattan College in 1948 , and attended Columbia University , where he studied drama .	O
Had seven sons Philip ( , and they married on May 30 , 1964 : b .	I
Martinex could also emit heat and cold from his hands .	O
Martinex later became the team 's reluctant leader for a time and eventually , the Guardians drove the Badoon from Earth 's solar system .	I
Defeated the Stark and they also encountered Firelord .	I
In 1957 the tournament reverted to the old method of scoring , and the fans attending the matches preferred the traditional rules , however .	I
Dropped the bat at his feet and hutch calmly walked to where Ennis sat .	I
They are entering the bar , and they get a little rowdy .	O
The federation 's first Board of Directors was elected and the RLEF 's first constitution was approved in January 2004 .	I
The G protein subunits themselves ( see picture ) or they only directly activate these ion channels using effector proteins .	I
Ta 'lab was the moon god and also a protector of pastures .	O
The seats themselves are often wider and more comfortable than regular seats .	O
They were first handled by Special Agent H. Paul Rico and then later by SA John " Zip " Connolly .	O
Sentenced to 10 years in prison and he was convicted of racketeering in 2002 .	I
Was chosen in the Australian schoolboys team to play a governors eleven and alderman represented Western Australia at a schoolboys ' carnival in Melbourne in 1972-73 .	I
The BiOS license as legal instruments to these goals ) and the parties developed the BiOS Material Transfer Agreement ( MTA facilitate .	I
Transbacter is available to all non-profit researchers and institutes upon signing a BiOS MTA .	O
The marriage was thus blighted almost from the start , and the son that Julia bore him died in infancy .	O
Trained by Sally Claster in Pacific , California and a fourth grade teacher at the time , she was hired Bell Palisades .	I
Used lace to decorate their churches and generations of churchmen also wore Limerick lace .	I
Winters are dry and very warm .	O
The Birds of Prey comics and he later appears in the Batgirl .	I
The Birds of Prey comics and she later appears in the Batgirl .	I
Thus , the Marshall – Lerner condition is not met , and a devaluation is likely to worsen the trade balance initially .	O
The film was 25th in global gross , and 19th in the United States that year .	O
He served as president of the Canadian Bar Association and was a Companion of the Order of Canada .	O
The rim of this crater is worn , and is somewhat lower in the northern half .	O
Moved to New York City for treatment , and however , Archibald became ill with tuberculosis .	I
Continues feeding in a folded leaf margin and after some time the larva leaves the mine .	I
Is believed to be the world 's first dedicated helicopter hangar , and a helicopter hangar was constructed at the field for the craft .	I
It has a central group of platform mounds around a central plaza and another smaller plaza area to the southwest of the largest mound .	O
Set up Heavenly Songs Limited via Bucks Music in early 2010 and in 2009 Kelly switched his focus from recorded music to song publishing .	I
Won her second pro title in Puerto Rico , and she then went on a 27-match win streak .	I
Left her suffering from occasional migraines for several months after that and she suffered a concussion that kept her out of competition for months .	I
Both revivals were considerably different from the originals and can be considered revivals in name only .	O
She met her tragic death and became the deity Kalijai .	O
Pina Records and sony Music Latin .	I
Began work on the VEJ30 engine by Yoshikazu Ishikawa and in 1987 Nissan began work on an engine exclusively for race use , developed .	I
Well known camera manufacturers like Hasselblad have or had Biogon derived lenses to offer .	O
Killed instantly and he was shot .	I
He was a professor of ancient history and member of the Royal Scottish Academy .	O
It is considered one of the grandest homes on Radcliffe Street and is the only example of residential Italianate architecture in Bristol .	O
The designer can select one of the perspectives and then switch from one view to another .	O
Dr Winnard 's donation paid for the library 's books , and portraits of the benefactors remain on display at the museum .	O
Uspensky indeed purchased a penknife and slit his own throat .	O
The monument is located in the extreme north of the city Iquique , and it is an imposing statue made of bronze wielding the Chilean flag .	O
In an outdoor scene , she wears a cream-colored latex dress and leads a gagged Perez Hilton around by a dog leash .	O
Rabbit ears both singers wore handcuffs and spears wore a black outfit , a mask ; .	I
Took a single wicket at a cost of 42 runs and in his only List A match , he scored 7 runs .	I
Are 15.67 % of the total population of Lakshadweep and in Lakshadweep the Mahls emerged as a separate ethnic group .	I
The average household size was 2.06 , and the average family size was 2.76 .	O
The Arkansas Territorial Legislature amended the existing militia law on several occasions , but did not pass a new law of its own until after statehood .	O
President James Monroe accepted the recommendation and nominated Allen for the position .	O
The average family size was 2.80 , and the average household size was 2.58 .	I
The Kansas Pacific line of the Union Pacific Railroad runs parallel to I-70 and the U.S. 40 business route through the northeastern corner of the township .	O
The average family size was 2.98 , and the average household size was 2.50 .	I
The average household size was 2.13 , and the average family size was 2.54 .	O
The average family size was 2.63 , and the average household size was 2.16 .	I
The average household size was 2.12 , and the average family size was 2.70 .	O
The average household size was 2.17 , and the average family size was 2.86 .	O
Continued his research at the Max Planck Institute in Giessen , Germany and after World War II , Hallervorden became President of the German Neuropathological Society .	I
Had a role in a " Rescue 911 " episode , and as a youth , Magaro also appeared in television commercials .	I
Peaked at number 7 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 , and it was released as a single on October 29 , 2010 .	I
It served as Rebar 's founding project and the project is an actual , usable library .	I
Due to mechanical properties such as high corrosion and wear resistance , Co-Cr alloys ( eg .	O
Many other industrial / mechanical components where high wear-resistance is needed , and stellites ) are used in making wind turbines , engine components .	I
Served five terms from March 1870 to March 1875 and he was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council in 1870 .	I
Died on 4 January 1888 and sim retired from service in 1875 .	I
Released on DVD and this revival was videotaped .	I
Won an award for best editing and this movie earned six Genie Award nominations .	I
In January 1945 , " Inch Arran " worked up at Bermuda and was assigned to escort group 28 upon her return in February .	O
In mid 2004 the group only had four full-time staff positions and contracted game development out to a number of mobile developers .	O
Secured re-election with 77 percent of the vote in the general election , and he won the Republican primary election with 80 percent of the vote .	I
He was born in Austria and came to England in 1938	O
Alderbranch sits along Farm to Market Road 323 southeast of Palestine , and is the Alder Branch of Squirrel Creek in southeastern Anderson County .	O
Voters would be asked to mark a first and second preference using the supplementary vote system .	O
The revolt motivated the Abbasids to track down and eliminate other remnants of the Umayyad dynasty .	O
Settled in the Hythe area and he returned to Canada in 1918 .	I
Released through the General Film Company and it was produced by the Kalem Company .	I
In 2002 he joined as an instructor at the Naval Academy and in 2000 he became a lecturer at the Royal Danish Theatre school .	I
Singo Ulung dance is still being preserved and studied by several art galleries there .	O
Shooting began on October 23 , 2015 , and wrapped up on February 22 , 2016 .	O
He took acting courses while in college , as well as at the Portland Actors Conservatory .	O
Takes her in his car and sakthi ( Saikumar ) kidnaps Sita .	I
Was the school 's first dean of the Faculty of Home Economics and she was a professor at Tokyo Women 's Higher Normal School from 1950 .	I
Nowadays , commercial and Business Enterprises are	O
Climate is wet ( June to November ) and dry season ( December to May ) .	O
Obtained a degree of PhD in Law and in 1975 he graduated from Kazan State University .	I
The lamp is a symbol of the sun as well as the eye of the dalang .	O
Othandeeswarar also restored the hand of Kulothunga Chola and hence got the name Kai Thantha Piran .	O
Zhang was born in Boxing County , Shandong province , and joined the Communist Party of China in May 1974 .	O
Keighley was born in 1948 and grew up in Bishopbriggs .	O
A growing trend in the LGBT tourism industry and lgbt cruises are a rising phenomenon in LGBT culture .	I
She entered the House on Day 1 and became a winner on Day 29 .	O
There is an entrance arch on the shores and a pathway long leads to the sanctum .	O
He was of Basque origin and grew up in Bilbao .	O
Frédéric Sanchez ( born 23 September 1966 ) is a French sound artist and music producer , best known for his career in the fashion industry .	O
Leo Tolstoy read the treatise in 1885 and started a long correspondence with Bondarev .	O
The full work was published in 1906 , and an abbreviated version was published in 1888 .	I
Made six appearances , scoring 29 points and du Toit made his comeback in this competition .	I
Kengtawng was a vassal state or dependency of Mongnai State .	O
The through Glenfarg route to Perth closed in 1970 , and all the local passenger services were discontinued by 1964 .	I
Entered the music business as a roadhouse piano player and physically large , he was a boxer in his youth .	I
Dyer 's children sold the property in 1864 , and it was acquired by Edwin Hutchinson in 1864 .	O
Central Asian countries are blessed with sufficient resources and export their extra electricity to neighboring countries .	O
Offline listening and it supports online .	I
One of Lychee FM ’ s main competitors is Ximalaya FM , and generally , there are many similar apps in the online market .	I
Conta is a surname and may refer to :	O
The starboard inner engine caught fire and the starboard main plane was extensively damaged .	I
Horror film in , were held on March 24 , 1984 and the 11th Saturn Awards , honoring the best in science fiction , fantasy 1983 .	I
Stitch them together and hold two patches face-to-face .	I
Used for surcharging and the remainder were held .	I
The Soil is very fertile and is suitable for farming .	O
A lecturer at the National University of Comahue , and she has previously worked as a social worker .	I
Has won medals at several Paralympic Games and he has been with the team since 2002 .	I
He married Jenny Ward , a daughter of Anthony , and they inherited the Ward House when her parents died .	O
The colonial forces opened fire , and four workers were seriously injured .	O
The males liberate sperm into the water and the females may actively collect this .	O
Will likely last for a shorter period when on an ephemeral base , but a colony can probably survive for several years on a suitable substrate .	I
During the offseasons , Peavey returns to Hudson 's Bay and serves as an assistant coach on the basketball team .	O
Was awarded Fight of the Night and she lost in a close split decision .	I
A principal research scientist at the Wikimedia Foundation and aaron Halfaker ( ) is an American computer scientist .	I
Next he was the executive producer and co-director of " Dracula . "	O
Softstar Shoes is an American shoe manufacturer and retailer based in Philomath , Oregon .	O
Oke remained until 1946 but henry Cotton soon moved on .	I
The flag of Costa Rica was inspired by the flag of France , and the Museum of Art was created by French sculptor Louis-Robert Carrier Belleuse .	I
Had children or woodward never married .	I
The skywalk network is over four miles long and reaches as far as Wells Fargo Arena .	O
These buildings give the park an excellent frame and add to the energy of the area .	O
Lake Evesham was formed and the property was split up .	I
A traffic jam prevented people to reach Saxtorp in time , and in 1937 a heavy rain damaged the roads from Malmö .	I
Jason then gets caught with drugs and is thrown into jail again .	O
She researched the life cycle of the louse , " Pediculus vestimenti , " to develop a method of control .	O
During his career at Miami he played in 116 games and finished second in RedHawks history with 214 career steals .	O
Pomeroy song recorded in 1962 , and brain Wilson , Bob Norberg .	I
It is the black and powdered in red .	O
Seven maps related to raccoon dogs , foxes , and the legend of a long-nosed goblin were created .	O
In 1949 , the QAIMNS became a corps in the British Army and was renamed as the Queen Alexandra 's Royal Army Nursing Corps .	O
In 1992 men were allowed to join , and since 1950 the organisation has trained nurses .	I
As the top kicking prospect in Australia in 2012 and he left the program with a 4.5 / 5 rating .	I
The main task was the construction and maintenance of military air bases .	O
" Ovation Instruments unveiled their new line of acoustical guitars at a reception and dinner held last month at the Hotel America , Hartford , Conn .	O
Commemorates the miller who used the machine and the latter was only recently discovered at Hieropolis .	I
Eleven former members of this unit were charged and found guilty in the Abu Ghraib scandal .	O
The Longest Yard is a 2005 American sports prison comedy film and a remake of the 1974 film of the same name .	O
Is killed when he tries to turn the dial on the radio , but caretaker unknowingly enters the cell to give a photo gift to Crewe .	I
H ( 62 mph ) / the speed limit is 100 km .	I
The clarinet , as such , had yet to be invented , but ( This cylindrical bore is what gives the clarinet its characteristic sound . )	I
As a result , the WDSM stations lost their grandfathered protection , and the FCC considered the Knight-Ridder merger to be an ownership change .	I
Under this agreement , KDLH laid off most of its staff , and KBJR began to handle nearly all of channel 3 's operations .	O
Streamed live on its website and it is broadcast live on KBJR .	I
H ( 60 mph ) / the speed limit is 100 km .	I
A lone block : Morena and morena sub-division comprises a lone tehsil .	I
Can be cancelled with 4-week notice and others are billed on a fortnightly basis .	I
Joined the Partisans in the countryside and the same year he left the city .	I
She has also returned to runway modeling in 2009 , but at first , she only returned to print work .	I
She is also a Green Bay Packers fan , and rayder is a knowledgeable Boston Red Sox fan .	I
Has no children and prince Franz is elderly .	I
Foreman adopted his son , William Foreman , with his first wife and had his daughter , Marguerite Foreman , with his second wife .	O
A decision to repair the bridge spans was made and the bridge work went under review by the federal government .	I
Not a celibate priesthood and adventist believe in clerical marriage .	I
He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler .	O
Will not be wrestling for that company in the future either and on March 22 Richards was stripped of the FIP World Heavyweight Championship .	I
Swe have been promoted to the Victorian Premier League and will face Melbourne Knights in the 2011 season .	O
In 1972 , DSB celebrated its 125th anniversary , and at the same time made some large changes .	O
Has two children and del Carmen is married .	I
Each individual flower only lasts for one day , but the flowering head may bloom for some weeks .	O
" B. bulbosa " may be planted in wild areas , but some grasses may inhibit recruitment of new plants from seedlings .	O
Than perennial forms rather these were also annual .	I
It may occur as a single coat , but a silky guard hair is usually present .	O
Bioavailability of orally administered cinnarizine is typically low and variable due to high incidence of degradation .	O
Filmed in a documentary style with shaky camera , and many jitsuroku eiga were based on true stories .	I
Esson was at the receiving end throughout the fight and in the end resorted to illegal boxing punches .	O
However , when variable-length CDBs were created this correspondence was changed , and the entire opcode must be examined to determine the CDB length .	O
The parameter length varies from one command to another , and the parameters need not be a full byte long .	I
After one season with KooKoo Myllys went to Lukko and stayed there for the 1993 – 1994 season .	O
The numerary nexus is thus also 1 and in the Utonality the numerator is always 1 :	I
Sold to private developers in 2003 and the Malone Road army base was closed .	I
He deceitfully captured Ratan Sen and took him to Delhi .	O
Was awarded the Military Cross and he achieved the rank of captain .	I
Successfully fulfilled his contract when the bomb killed Hughie McGurnaghan and trudeau planted a bomb in the ex-West-End gang member 's car .	I
Furthermore , it had limited resources , and was increasingly wracked by internal instability .	O
" Fluid Mechanics and Water Waves "	O
Ordered a new sentencing hearing but the court upheld Bronshtein 's conviction .	I
The fireplace supports the roof , and is constructed of petrified wood .	O
Are more likely to be unemployed than their more educated counterparts and high school dropouts are less likely to be active labor force participants .	I
In 2008 , the prison population under federal and state correctional jurisdiction was over 1,610,446 prisoners .	O
Sahiyara Pin Code is 843332 and Post office name is .	O
They named it the Independence claim after the holiday , and soon a small tent city developed on the site .	O
Gargamel bids farewell to the Smurfs , but then he decides to catch them .	O
Has never been commercially released on DVD but the series was repeated on The Family Channel .	I
Would play on the Tour until 2003 and he returned to the Nationwide Tour in 1999 .	I
The club has won one First Division title in the professional era and club Nacional Táchira ( usually called Nacional Táchira ) was a professional club .	I
She took part in the 2010 and 2011 Under 19 European Championships .	O
The beer was named after the Xingu River in the Amazon Rainforest and since its inception Xingu has carried the vital Amazon preservation message .	O
Admire their courage throughout these difficult times and we share the grief of our Japanese friends .	I
It was dismounted in October 1916 and dissolved on 27 February 1918 .	O
Increased tremendously at Burlington and " It started at Milliken .	I
He went to London to study medicine in the 1880s , but soon abandoned his studies in order to become an actor .	O
Proceeded to improve upon the education that he received and in Vienna , Berthold was introduced to new photographic possibilities .	I
The X-ray device was handed to Dr. Pogačnik and was last used at a vet clinic .	O
Dissolved on 3 March 1918 and it was dismounted in October 1916 .	I
In 2010 , he was loaned again , but now to Club Tijuana Xoloitzcuintles De Caliente .	O
Future President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud also attended the SPI in 2001 and has emphasized the importance of the program 's philosophy in his work .	O
Mccluskey played for East Fife , Accrington Stanley and several English non-league clubs during his career .	O
Zhou was allegedly not jealous of Tian , but she did disapprove of her haughty behavior .	O
The Chongzhen Emperor became infuriated with the empress , and reportedly abused her in a fit of rage .	O
Produced for 320,000 reichsmarks under the aegis of Baldur von Schirach and produced by Karl Ritter , it was supported by the Nazi leadership .	I
Was recommended in scientific journals and this was very successful in Paris .	I
Is known as a remarkable scientific man and dr. Alban has been attorney general of Colombia .	I
Five years later , increased the number of units to 54 . , and golden Years of Walworth added 30 independent living units in 1984	I
In 1920 he was taken on at Hoechst AG 's pharmaceutical department and by 1922 was in charge of the company 's Science Office .	O
Presented with a First Class War Merit Cross and he was made a " Wehrwirtschaftsführer " in 1942 .	I
Stretched on the breastwork to rest and then he wrapped himself in a blanket .	I
Klumb was named one of the regions most influential leaders , and klumb was elected as chairman of the Federal Executive Board .	I
Brad Keselowski finished second , and Greg Biffle clinched third .	O
' not an isolated phenomenon subject only to its own special laws and it must be viewed as part of an intricate matrix of social control .	I
Carl Edwards clinched third , and jimmie Johnson finished second .	I
Even more likely to be open during depolarization and it is unique because it is open at rest .	I
Existed as such until 1849 and the deanery was created in 1649 .	I
Caecina was soon forced to turn back a Cherusci advance , and followed this up with a successful battle against the Marsi .	O
Were again almost defeated and the Roman legions became separated .	I
It covers a wide spectrum , but it definitely feels consistent . "	O
Was working for the East India Company merchant Thomas D 'Aeth , and he became a Freeman of the City of London in 1701 .	I
The Grade II Listed 17th century building was re-built and re-opened as the Abbot 's Elm in 2012 .	O
Both also rapidly aged to teenagers within days , and both cousins were reunited with their grandmother Iris .	I
Is actively involved with several youth bands , and morrison sponsors yearly scholarships for young musicians .	I
Have since become a large population in the area and during early colonial settlement , Indonesian rusa deer were introduced .	I
Chen was instrumental in the subsequent siege of Jiankang , and they defeated Hou together , causing Hou to flee .	O
Disappear by themselves and many pancreatic pseudocysts improve .	I
The complication rate is below 16 % , and recurrence after drainage is around 4 % .	I
Documented the history of the Inn including information about Hugh Kelly and the NW Rail Line has conducted extensive archaeological research on the site .	I
The First World War stopped all first-class cricket and Macartney enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force .	O
Boundary-hitting subsequently increased and his rate of scoring .	I
Scored 141 runs at 28.20 and he totalled 17 wickets at 15.18 .	I
Macartney played in only five first-class matches and scored two centuries in these fixtures .	O
Macartney totalled 243 runs at 40.50 and took 11 wickets at 17.82 .	O
Stays icebound until March and karatal freezes up in December .	I
61.1 % of the population were employed full-time , and 29.3 % were employed on a part-time basis .	O
Celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2007 , and the public school opened in 1957 .	I
Approximately 60 specialty stores and the centre features two mini-majors .	I
Baker was born in Hampshire , and studied politics at Birmingham University .	O
The first iron was produced in 1847 and it was established in 1845 by Crawshay Bailey .	I
They closed temporarily in 1854 but re-opened the following year .	O
A member of the National League ( NL ) and hockey Club Ambrì-Piotta is a Swiss professional ice hockey club .	I
Became an assistant professor at the LPL in 1970 and coyne joined the Vatican Observatory as an astronomer in 1969 .	I
The Serbo-Bulgarian War erupted on November 14 , 1885 and lasted until November 28 of the same year .	O
Croatia under Krešimir IV was composed of twelve counties and was slightly larger than in Tomislav 's time .	O
He gained the title of king with the support of Pope Gregory VII and was crowned as King of Croatia in Solin on 8 October 1076 .	O
Ricimer , along with his nephew Gundobad , appointed Olybrius and then Glycerius as their puppet emperors in the West .	O
Meanwhile the Ottoman advance continued , but an interval of peace ensued .	I
Were given an option to leave for Italy and they were treated as remnants of the occupation force .	I
However , she would not cooperate and refused to part with Frank .	O
Moved to the University of Singapore the following year , and he then began studying at Nanyang University in 1962 .	I
Did not conform to present notions of cosmology and in Greek times , the debate was largely philosophical .	I
In spring , the area would be flooded , and the church appeared as if floating on water .	O
He has a terrible time breaking dishes and getting the dough over the floor .	O
They robbed Torre and drove away .	O
Land was set aside for a townsite in 1898 and the town was gazetted in the same year .	O
He played every league match , and his first season was successful .	I
Not before finally naming his successor , but stead eventually steps down as company director … .	I
The caffeine level is normal for green tea and it can be drunk throughout the day .	O
Includes an accommodation guide for the whole route and the guidebook illustrates points of interest along the way .	I
In airplay , it only made the top 30 , but the soundtrack did really well in terms of sales .	I
Iskandar wants to take care of Su , but she is still in love with Taufik .	O
Sylvester reveals nothing but taufik shows his concern .	I
Injures him severely by smashing a beer bottle onto his head and after finding out about her rape , Sylvester confronts the gang leader .	I
Both of them are reluctant but are given no choice .	O
The 2011 event featured aircraft flyovers and music by country group Lonestar .	O
Demolition began on 5 March 2007 and was completed two days later .	O
The police moved out with police dogs and were prepared to use tear gas .	O
Many under-age people were arrested and registered in data bases .	O
She was their guitarist / vocalist until 2006 .	O
Ejection was at about 2,000 feet altitude and 18 miles inland in flat terrain .	O
There were 7 businesses in this sector and 33 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
13 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector .	O
9 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector .	O
10 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector .	O
11 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector .	O
4 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
30 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 8 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 2 businesses in this sector and 27 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Advisor to Sir Fastolf and john Paston was a close confidante John .	I
There were 3 businesses in this sector and 31 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Administered the Women Cartoonists Hall of Fame and friends of Lulu additionally sponsored the Lulu Awards .	I
Severely reduces cabinet resonances and this design increases overall rigidity .	I
Sir William 's burial took place on 6 December 1654 and the estate was inherited by his heir , James .	O
Grissom High School was founded in 1969 and is named for astronaut Virgil I .	O
The annual literary magazine is called " Seed " , and the annual school yearbook is named " Invictus " .	O
Velocity this and for a given material density results in :	I
In 1852 he moved to the Oregon Territory and began editing the " Oregon Democrat " .	O
It then flows through the Naver Forest and under the road bridge at Syre .	O
Very few claim to be able to quantify an odor and conventional electronic noses are not analytical instruments in the classical sense .	I
Has one ordered for him several times , nonetheless , but roger Moore 's Bond never actually ordered one himself .	I
Therewith the Odessa-Tiraspol highway was cut , and on April 5 , Razdelnaia fell .	I
Was first settled in the 1880s by J.B. Smith and the name was derived after a mythical Great Lake Indian .	I
Was the first professional footballer to come from this club , and he was scouted playing for St Andrews FC from Belfast .	I
Vagabonds living off their wits but ( These were almost certainly not Romany . )	I
Was associated with has been disputed in some way or virtually every great prank Dick Tuck claimed to have pulled .	I
" The Red Violin " " and runners-up : " Nô	I
It originally opened in 1928 and was renovated in 1977 .	O
At 17 qualified as a glider pilot and at age 14 he built a full-size glider .	I
Software add-ons designed for Mozilla Firefox-based web browsers , or this is a list of notable Firefox extensions .	I
Was used as lodgings for the workers ’ families and the 19th century two-storey house was owned by the firm .	I
Placed Homer ’ s name on the field and the Stryker family bought the naming rights in 2002 .	I
" Septober Energy " consisted of four movements , or " concepts " that the band improvised around .	O
Kills him and wong fights Newman .	I
The collection is extensive but not currently cataloged .	O
In March 2008 , Mejía González was indicted in Washington , D.C. and placed as one of the most-wanted fugitives by the U.S. government .	O
Many union members ignored Levitt 's serial amoral proclivities and hoisted him as the high priest of virtue .	O
He was active there until 1911 , and in Amsterdam from 1911 to 1934 .	O
Well as providing performance space as a resource to the community , as the St. Jacobs Country Playhouse offers a variety of performances year-round .	I
Performed Buddhist rites at it for nine days and he erected a sacrificial altar for the white horse .	I
Many more travelers left the region and were never heard from again .	O
Freely admitted his guilt in the shooting and keene surrendered himself to Helena sheriff George Wood .	I
Comes in a fold-out digipak and the CD is a limited edition .	I
The following year he was ordained as a minister in the Methodist Church and served as associate pastor of Christ Church in Manhattan , New York .	O
The Blue Jays designated him for assignment on September 2 , but added him back to their 40-man roster on September 28 .	O
Spent the 2016 season playing in Japan for Hanshin , and he signed with them on November 30 , 2015 .	I
Easily won re-election against Progressive Joseph Sweeney , and he was unchallenged in the 1938 primary .	I
Adey was also a partner of Lord Alfred Douglas in 1895 , and a close friend of the poet from the 1890s until 1913 .	O
He studied at the University of Glasgow , and at the Reformed Presbyterian College in Glasgow .	O
Their rhizomes are thick and decumbent to erect .	O
By 21 July , Balikpapan was secure and the Japanese were retreating into Borneo .	O
It was described by Ragonot in 1887 , and is known from the Tian Shan mountains .	O
There is a change in Gopalakrishnan 's frugal behaviour and his friends enjoy by posting love letters regularly .	O
Irina-camelia Begu was the defending champion , but decided not to participate this year .	O
" Onon B. and Betsy Dahle House	O
Returned to the Midwest in 1851 and eventually they had some success mining gold .	I
Emergency floodgates were rusted shut after six years of dry weather and in May 2005 the Chaki Wardak Dam nearly overflowed as its main .	I
Was closed on the 1 October 1913 and whirily post office opened on 1 October 1912 .	I
Was dissolved on 19 January 1919 and it served exclusively on the Western Front .	I
Lived there until her death and she moved to Dunedin in 1941 .	I
His father , James Elwell , was a cabinet maker and wood carver , who was twice mayor of Beverley .	O
He spread the stickers in cities all around the world and made pictures of the places where he left them .	O
Was dissolved on 2 January 1919 and it served exclusively on the Western Front .	I
Was dissolved on 24 January 1919 and it served exclusively on the Western Front .	I
They share a kiss and begin a relationship .	O
Initially joined The Network , an Edinburgh television festival scheme , and oduba had always aimed for a career in sports broadcasting .	I
Was buried at Haslum and she died in April 2009 .	I
In 1945 this boat was no longer operational and was no longer called " Stjernen " .	O
Armijn Hemel is a technology consultant and noted watchman of free software .	O
He owned a tower on top and an altar in Rococo style .	O
He matriculated at the Royal Academy of Turku in 1658 and graduated with a Master of Arts degree in 1664 .	O
The fountain basin is hexagonal and 30 feet in diameter .	O
The series will last for 27 races over 10 rounds , and will support the British Touring Car Championship at all rounds .	O
However , the brigade never saw active service overseas and remained in the United Kingdom throughout the war .	O
It is based in Fargo , North Dakota and has locations throughout the Midwestern United States .	O
Informed the owner of the estate about the same and the whole faithful from this area gathered there in prayer .	I
Helped his club reach the Round of 16 and there he played in the 2008 Copa Perú season .	I
Her father Holger Mundt ( 1887 – 1957 ) was an architect and her mother Harriet Fischer-Jørgensen ( 1889 – 1975 ) a painter .	O
Marketinvoice is based in London and launched in February 2011 .	O
Genealogical library operated by the Franklin County Historical Society - Kittochtinny and now known as the Old Jail , the building houses a museum .	I
Quite readable and typeface is large .	I
" A Free Ride " was a well-known stag film of the 1910s and , according to Williams , is regarded as a classic pornographic film .	O
Were temporarily disbanded for the duration of the Second World War , but the club were formed in 1938 as an intermediate U-21 side .	I
Numerous articles in major journals and contributions to collective volumes .	O
Meets a painter named Igor and erik goes to a gay club .	I
Erik later runs into Igor on the street , and the two have a drink at a bar .	O
They bloom in July through September and the flowers are pink with purple spots .	I
Does not drive a car , but keenan lives in Los Angeles .	I
To begin training for the liberation of the Philippines , and again she sailed back to the Hawaiians with casualties .	I
Was with the Limerick senior inter-county team and he plays hurling with his local club Croom .	I
He was soon progressing around the Irwindale Raceway in California and his father bought him a Jawa bike for his 17th birthday .	I
Replaced by a modern hotel now the Holiday Inn , and the original building was demolished at the end of the 1980s , Elstree .	I
Reyes was originally convicted in 2007 , but the conviction was overturned on appeal .	O
The three relatives failed to identify Ferris at an identity parade , but Gibson picked him out as the man who fired the shots .	O
In 1941 , he shifted to halfback and was assigned to kick extra points .	O
His second attempt , in 1996 , was passed , and the first female priests were ordained the following year .	O
The Gujarat army defeated him and took back Mahmud Shah .	O
He primarily played centre-back defender and wore the number three .	O
Grew up in Danville , Illinois and small was born in Aurora , Illinois .	I
Has come to believe that Pin is alive and unknown to Dr. Linden , Leon is mentally ill .	I
The name was contributed by Malaysia and refers to a freshwater fish .	O
Includes a DVD containing 55 minutes of footage from the two shows and it was released in November 2005 on two compact discs on Mailboat 2115 .	I
The single was released only in the United Kingdom and is her only single released under this name .	O
Scored eleven goals and he played four matches .	I
This treaty marked the first of its kind for Mexico and second for Chile , after their agreement with Canada .	O
The tournament began on 19 June and ended on 24 June 2006 .	O
They kept an eye out for slave catchers , and spread the word when any came to town .	O
The Committee was racially integrated and had over 200 members .	O
Demanded the line be deviated through a tunnel and he refused to allow a station on his land .	I
However , Captain Rich found defects and refused to authorise the opening .	O
Ended on 24 June 2004 and the tournament began on 19 June .	I
Some are available on the Internet and his poems have been published in magazines .	I
Was replaced itself by the song the following week but the song replaced " Beautiful Girls " by Sean Kingston .	I
The culture of the Middle Ages and it is a celebration of the bridge .	I
Ended on 24 June 2003 and the tournament began on 19 June .	I
Ended on 4 July 2001 and the tournament began on 29 June .	I
He played college football at the University of Texas , El Paso and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1992 NFL Draft .	O
Ended on 4 July 2000 and the tournament began on 29 June .	I
The tournament began on 19 June and ended on 24 June 1999 .	O
The tournament began on 19 June and ended on 24 June 1998 .	O
He died in 1722 , without male heir and was succeeded by his brother Matsudaira Munemasa .	O
This would not be pursued until after World War I , but watt also advocated manufacturing foreign-designed aircraft under licence in Australia .	I
Harry Brown ( born April 13 , 1955 ) is an American businessman and politician ; he is a member of the North Carolina State Senate .	O
Joined the Republican Party and he left the Democratic Party .	I
Sinclair challenged those who charged him with inaccuracy to review his published facts and to sue him for libel if they found he had been wrong .	O
Did not drive for Subaru again , and alén crashed on the first stage .	I
By night continued to classes even during air and during World War II she worked by day as a WVS nurse run , raids .	I
Eventually , they agreed and created a script .	O
Four other defendants of the murders and at trial , a jury acquitted Grover .	I
Was released before the start of the regular season and kalaniuvalu attended summer camp with the Atlanta Falcons in 1994 .	I
The double set contains two tracks not previously found on Gurus ' albums and five totally new songs including the single " The Real Deal " .	O
The double set contains two tracks not previously found on Gurus ' albums and five totally new songs including the single " The Real Deal " .	O
Dismissed his work as " pretty pictures " , and college instructors were unsupportive of his ballpoint usage .	I
The film deals carefully with a subject that could be controversial , and was aired on French national television ( " Arte " ) .	O
52-year-old Ernst as early as the middle of 2013 and russian television circles learned about a relationship between 25-year-old Zaika .	I
Kanji 's family arrive and they are reunited .	O
The original owners sold their shares on the station soon after , and in 2009 the station was renamed to " Servus TV " .	O
Vyvyan became known for his study of Shakespeare and his histories of the animal rights movement .	O
Quingestanol acetate was patented in 1963 and marketed in Italy in 1972 .	O
Afterwards , Converse turned against Stutts and hit him with his finisher .	O
The American Moth was modified by engineer Dwight Huntington , and certified as the Davis V-3 on 6 September 1929 .	O
Does not seem to have ultimately been marketed in this country but it was under development for use in the United States as well .	I
Became a Civil Defense Director in New Orleans and then Brigadier general Maraist returned to the United States .	I
Is assumed to belong to this new species , and a larger right talus has also been found .	I
Because of this she was recognized by the Air Force , and awarded the HQ AETC Aviation Safety Award for superior airmanship .	O
Became the first Bulgarian documentary commissioned by HBO and the film was produced by the Bulgarian company AGITPROP .	I
The film released to negative reviews and bombed at the box office .	O
The movie was panned by critics and bombed at the box office .	O
He competed in the Athens Olympics but missed Beijing due to injury .	O
The players returned to their original clubs and following victory in 1966 , the club disbanded .	I
He would have been 12 years old if born in 1571 and would have been 8 years old if born in 1575 .	O
On the mound , he earned two wins and struck out 17 batters in 8 innings .	O
On June 25 , Danner signed for a $ 1.5 million bonus , and was assigned to the Gulf Coast League Blue Jays on June 28 .	O
Was later promoted to the Advanced-A Buies Creek Astros , and perez opened the 2017 season with the River Bandits .	I
The dretch are the most common and least powerful of all demons .	O
Had to have blood drained during the session , and he suffered heavy bruising to his right hand .	I
The forewings are pale yellowish brown , but slightly darker at the costal margin .	O
Hilton Kelley is a former American actor and environmentalist from Port Arthur , Texas .	O
The WMA is in the Hagerman Valley near the Snake River and was purchased from the McCarther Cattle Company in September 1963 .	O
Historical Theory at Staffordshire University and he is Professor Emeritus of History .	I
Currently accommodates over 200 students and the house has grown since then .	I
Struggled with the burden of debts on his estates , but he was active in the suppression of the Covenanters .	I
Then walked near the door , and stawicki lingered for a bit .	I
Was naturalized French only in 1975 and he was born in Valladolid , Spain .	I
They were unsuccessful in view of the difficult gradients on the line but two diesel locomotives were tried out on the line after World War II .	I
The lead investigators include Drs and the research project began in 1993 .	I
1730 destroyed the early churches , and earthquakes in 1595 , 1647 .	I
Are now being reclaimed by mountain shrubs , but benchtop areas were dry-farmed in the past .	I
In September 1809 , Henry returned from Fort William , Ontario , and found some 300 tents of Blackfoot waiting for his trade goods .	O
Powell earned a degree in politics from Princeton University in 1975 and a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center in 1979 .	O
He moved to investment banking in 1984 , and has since worked for several financial institutions .	O
' passing the hat ' around in the fund raising efforts and several reports of the Games highlight the importance of large spectator attendance .	I
Has written more than 28 novels and morsi is a USA Today Bestselling Author .	I
Inc . V. S & H Computer Sys .	O
Contributed to the Cuban film industry after training and luckily , those young directors went back to Cuba .	I
Angered China 's authorities and this was against the law .	I
Grew up at Poplar and james was brought to London .	I
Jumped to $ 149 in 2014 following the announcement of an expansion , but the original price of a Citi Bike annual membership was $ 95 .	I
Is the only Scottish player to have scored in three World Cups , and in total , Jordan earned 52 international caps , scoring 11 goals .	I
I get on well with [ Redknapp ] and we hope that we can achieve something .	O
Jordanidis was a strong supporter of the Three Worlds Theory and the group took a Maoist line as a result .	O
The surface is unusually rough for a walled plain , and the inner floor is marked by several tiny craterlets .	I
A new Television Complex was built at Donnybrook in Dublin and the news service was the first to move in .	O
The parental care is shared between the group and the female gives birth to twins twice a year .	I
Brown-mantled tamarins are generally sympatric with pygmy marmosets and often raid pygmy marmosets ' gum holes .	O
This allows the marmoset to react appropriately to all calls but show some variation when the call gives extra information .	O
Studied at American University and mccarthy graduated from Wilkes University .	I
She left the magazine in 1985 and was succeeded by Gardner Dozois .	O
Matter is fundamentally real and undergoes real revelation .	O
Each of these qualities are infinite in extent and consequently , Brahman is understood to possess infinite qualities .	I
Approximately two-thirds of the Bangladesh people work in agriculture , and grow crops on the fertile floodplains of the delta .	O
Are shaped like wells and these dolines are vertically sided .	I
, again , rebounded until his crash but he stumbled again in the next two races .	I
The vessel is shaped , and the mouth is smoothed .	O
He toured the west coast , as well as the US Northwest .	O
The main language is Songhay , but there are several languages spoken .	I
He left the magazines in 1974 and was succeeded by Jim Baen .	O
A five-time Pro Bowler and he was a two-time All-Pro .	I
Could not resist the chance to create her own part , but she returned for a brief stint from November 1998-February 1999 .	I
A daughter , Debra , who is an actress , and they had a son , who died in 1993 .	I
Opened in March 2003 and davis Community Centre was consecrated .	I
He operates a training camp for student athletes in the area and he often helps out with the athletic programs at his high school .	I
Mccarthy was born June 20 , 1949 , and was raised in Chicago 's Ashburn neighborhood .	O
Is now in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust and it has been designated as a Grade II * listed building .	I
Its relative heaviness made it unwieldy and , thus , easily avoided .	O
In North America by Mastiff in 2004 , and it was released in Japan in January 2002 May .	I
The family argues until Leopold leaves town , and leopold disapproves of his son 's hedonism .	I
In response a grief-stricken Mozart pens " Don Giovanni " , and messengers arrive in Vienna with news of Leopold 's death .	I
Would have been found out as so many others and in the contrary case he would inevitably have been on some record , were .	I
Then nearby at Church Mayfield by the Henmore , and at this point it is joined by the Bentley Brook , Brook .	I
His marriage with never took place and leonnatus was killed in battle against the Athenians Cleopatra .	I
The boar was thought to have been extinct since 1957 , but in 2007 , new specimens were discovered roaming the wood .	O
Did not take the blame , but päts was interrogated for hours .	I
Renders the efficiency of the normal siderophore-based iron uptake strategies problematic and the dilute nature of the pelagic marine environment promotes large diffusive losses .	I
He explored the section of countryside alone and worked out the most practical route .	O
His highest speed was 3,863 mph ( 5.64 ) , and his peak altitude was 295,600 feet ( 55.98 miles ) Mach .	I
His father was Abraham Isaksen Bjerknes and his mother Elen Birgitte Holmen .	O
Was held from 14 June to 21 June and the tournament was part of the ATP World Series .	I
The compilation was put together and released by EMI Music .	O
Reuter attempted to chip the keeper who had gone to ground , but the Manchester United keeper raised his arms to deflect the shot .	O
This had a large impact on him , and influenced his later visual novel " " .	O
A more-common term is " management committee member " , but the Charity Commission 's preferred term is " trustee .	I
The law bars the importation of vehicles older than 8 years but gives the Minister powers to exempt imports from this rule .	O
Closed in 1974 and it opened in 1960 .	I
It is owned by the Government of Syria and operated by the Ministry of Territorial Administration .	O
Eagle Pass was named the county seat , and in 1871 , Maverick County was established .	I
He made his will on 20 August 1609 and it was proved on 18 May 1610 .	O
Its units were separated and the marching Division was split .	I
Ostrowski himself got to Kozienice and later crossed the Vistula .	O
At least half of the collection survives today and is maintained by the Berlin State Library .	O
Hosted the Canadian Orienteering Championships a year later and in 2006 the Saskatchewan Orienteering Association joined Orienteering Canada .	I
It was unsuccessful , but this he did .	I
'veny ' may be a French family name or may describe the village 's fenny situation .	O
He waved off after only two laps , and hurriedly got back into the qualifying line .	O
Jack Arute , Robbie Floyd , and Lindy Thackston covered the pits .	O
Was previously in The Lucky Nine alongside of Hundred Reasons , and he is also the lead singer of British Hardcore punk band Hexes , members .	I
Still can be considered a proof without words , but this proof is more subtle than the above .	I
She moved to Canada in 1952 , and became a Canadian citizen in 1960 .	O
It lies in the southern boreal forest , and takes its name from nearby Green Lake .	O
The Red Plays : ( " Red Sheets " and " Moira McOc " ) by Erik Ehn *	O
The native people of Mandani are peasants and lead simple lives on their farms .	O
Franco Alejandro got hist Ph.D. and worked for the Navy .	O
Was inspired by the Muslim nationalist ideas of Allama Muhammad Iqbal , and malik Barkat Ali joined the Punjab Provincial Muslim League in 1916 .	I
The creek continues its descent through the Hellsgate Wilderness area and eventually into a wide valley in the Sonoran Desert .	O
The network may take several seconds to re-establish communications on link , but a good bypass switch reconnects the link in under 1 second .	I
U.s. oil company Bayoil was among the corporations investigated by the committee , and its executive David Chalmers was convicted of conspiracy to commit wire fraud .	O
He was also fined $ 15,000 and required to forfeit $ 1,200,000 .	O
Has lived there most of his life and bruce Connole was born in Phoenix , Arizona .	I
The Gin Blossoms acknowledge the Jetzons as a direct influence and the Jetzons are considered to have helped establish this music scene .	I
Assigned it the designation Tropical Cyclone 01B and the JTWC subsequently initiated advisories on the system .	I
There are plans to get the third pitch flood lit too and currently two of those pitches are equipped with full pitch flood lights .	I
There were no more breaks , but a diplomatic protest was lodged .	I
Lived in New York City and together , they had six children .	I
Easy to train and he was also very sound " .	I
Is derived from Latin " atratus " ( meaning marked black ) and the species name refers to the presence of black marks on the forewings .	I
He was a selector with the Tipperary senior team and served as secretary of the Tipperary County Board .	O
The standard version is with a barrel , and the shorter MPT-55K is with an barrel .	O
Worked at a major investment fund and he currently has a consultancy in Moscow .	I
Fiolasoft started to work on a new project and due to technical problems , the game was cancelled .	I
Developers also started a Steam Greenlight campaign , and in May 2014 the game was greenlit .	O
Ødegaard came on as a substitute in the 62nd minute , and helped secure a 2 – 1 win for his country .	O
Reviewers found all three packs short — around an hour in length — and considered " The Trouble with Clones " the best of the bunch .	O
Norma Violeta Dávila Salinas is a Mexican teacher and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party .	O
Mapped sweat and dust off	O
Was described as the " Middle Road to Hudson 's Bay " and the lake first appeared on a map drawn by Peter Pond in 1785 .	I
Manitoba Highway 10 reached Cranberry Portage in 1949 and was extended to Bakers Narrows in 1951 .	O
Bellis was born in Liverpool , and educated there at Liverpool College .	O
Direct Action and Civil Disobedience	O
Began college at University of Louisiana-Monroe and he graduated from West Monroe High School .	I
Injured or no passengers were killed , however .	I
Meadville , the decline of the trolleys expanded even further and in 1925 , with the introduction of bus service to Erie .	I
Then started under neutral conditions but the riders initially refused to ride .	I
In addition , other candidate genes for IDDM11 could be tested and identified by using single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) technology .	O
Next to the church is the cloistered monastery founded in 1503 and later expanded during the life of Caterina de ’ Ricci .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1906 , and a post office was opened in Woodlawn in 1881 .	I
He was left severely injured , but he successfully captured the flag .	O
A water tower remain and today , only the office .	I
His family and may God bless him . "	I
Accept the doctrinal authority of the Church 's Seven Ecumenical Councils and like mainstream Orthodox Christians , True Orthodox remain Chalcedonian in their Christology .	I
The construction of the tower started in 1952 and was completed in the fall of 1953 .	O
From Trumpers Way , by a footpath which crosses a railway line , and there is access from Windmill Lane , close to an M4 bridge .	I
The hair of a stinging needle is bulbous below and extends into a long , fine process above .	O
Afarin is a Greencard holder , and karan is a US citizen .	I
A general election was held on 3 July 2011 , and abhisit dissolved the House of Representatives the following year .	I
Well as Cavese to Serie as frosinone promoted to Serie B in 2006 C1 .	I
Oil yield was low and the technology was primitive carbonization .	I
He started the odds-on favourite and won by eight lengths .	O
He started the 6 / 10 favourite despite an unfavourable draw but was beaten three lengths by the two-year-old French filly Sigy .	O
Sweat trialed with New York City during their 2017 pre-season , and was signed by the club on February 23 , 2017 .	O
It will end on 2 March 2015 and the regular season began on 11 October 2014 .	I
Measure up to long and the ellipsoid fruits are edible .	I
Nick is also thinking about removing Taz from the operation after the embarrassment but Taz is able to convince Nick to give him one more chance .	O
Women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts and the 1975 Grand Prix German Open was a combined men 's .	I
Healthy breakfasts from the famous Swamis Café and a local highlight is fresh squeezed fruit juice .	I
The head capsule is pigmented and its abdomen is slender .	O
He was a keen member of the Shropshire Photographic Society and was the club 's competition secretary for several years .	O
Quantitative methods were slow to come into use , but investigations of paleoclimate date back to the 1930s .	I
The information within a packet is encapsulated and is not dealt with by Internet .	O
Became an Australian citizen in 1979 and in 1966 , he immigrated to Australia .	I
Apparently , she made a great impression upon the public , and she is frequently described by her critics as extraordinary beautiful .	O
Several citizens of Newton attempted to arrest him at his home , but were repulsed with one of them being killed in the process .	O
Is the sole high school of the Cleveland County School District and it is one of three public high schools located in Cleveland County .	I
Restored his authority over Kartli and constantine III used Adarnase 's weakness .	I
Served a variety of congregations in Virginia , and he married Jaqueline Mildred Jones in 1945 .	I
Suri has maintained a low profile and is no longer into movies .	O
General Manager of Ding Yi Music Company and wong De Li Dedric is the Assistant Conductor .	I
He received a Habibie award for interfaith dialogue and in 2015 he received the Mahaputera award .	O
This continued during Joseph Stalin 's era and sometimes had anti-semitic overtones to it .	O
Was briefly interrupted at the start of the French revolution and financial integration is believed to date back to the 1690s	I
Gave him a much longer bloom season with the Hybrid Perpetuals , and this system allowed him to work nearly year-round with Tea roses .	I
He worked to make his shows ever more thrilling after his return , and even a close brush with death could not keep Roland from performing .	I
Jane Greenberg did the sound , and jason Longo was the cinematographer .	I
Led the league in wins for the third straight season , and the Lynx won their second WNBA Championship in three years .	I
Was robbed by highwaymen on his journey home , and around 1783 King had a villa at Hampton .	I
Has been released and this performance was recorded .	I
Versteegh returned to Radboud in 1989 , and in 2011 he became professor emeritus .	O
Becomes paralyzed from the waist down and minnie jumps off the terrace in desperation .	I
John Demjanjuk was kept there in 1986 , and adolf Eichmann was executed there in 1962 .	I
Hatch after 11 days and the eggs are laid singularly .	I
The judge refused the request to withdraw the plea and sentenced Leonard to 15 years to life imprisonment .	O
Is his first studio album of entirely new material since 2008 and the 11-track album was released on March 2011 by Heaven Music Grevr .	I
This was the first single and video off the album .	O
The veins are heavily highlighted in dark gray and the hindwings have a marginal shading of dark gray .	I
Represented the club IL Bjart , and he was born in Voss .	I
The west end was shortened and rebuilt in about 1723 .	O
A stepped top carrying a fluted urn-shape finial , and it has a moulded plinth with plain pilasters .	I
Developers have to make money , and no one should begrudge that .	O
Was admitted to the bar in 1790 and hubbard studied law in Charlestown , New Hampshire .	I
Found it difficult to decide on a hairstyle and hoshino drew Allen with hair longer than Robin 's .	I
He is given an inspector , Howard Link and returning to headquarters , Allen 's loyalty is questioned .	I
Will be renamed the Rosenthal Shelterhouse Theatre in 2019 and the Shelterhouse theatre was named for Jay Thompson until 2017 .	I
Then entered the public relations field and he later engaged in the insurance business .	I
So we want you to have your own bag of smoke , and every Congressman spends a lot of time in smoke filled rooms .	I
He graduated from Harvard University in 1810 and taught there from 1812 to 1817 .	O
Sylvia ( née Howland ) Grinnell ( 1765 – 1837 ) ) and he was the son of Cornelius Grinnell ( 1758 – 1850 .	I
He was admitted to the bar in 1811 and began practice in Providence , Rhode Island .	O
The region is the most densely populated in the nation and has some of the least productive soils for agriculture .	O
As populations increased , the need for food increased , and much forest land was cleared to increase food production .	O
Settled in Brattleboro and haskins returned to Vermont .	I
He settled in Denver in 1885 and continued the practice of law .	O
Would go on to have five children , and the couple eventually married in August 1896 .	I
However , only five deserters were eventually executed and all were given posthumous pardons in 2000 .	O
Of a digest of six volumes of Pickering 's Reports and he was editor of the first seventeen volumes of Massachusetts Reports .	I
Is interred in Rose Hill Cemetery , and he died in Cumberland , Maryland .	I
He won in 1892 and lost in 1894 .	O
He was the son of Benjamin and Margaret ( Robinson ) Durham .	O
Appeared in the painting itself ... but the puns not only became titles . "	I
Because it attacked this lady , which I thought was very nice , but " It caused quite a sensation not because of its artistic merit ...	I
He was graduated from Jefferson Medical College and began practice in Columbia , Kentucky .	O
Worked in a mill and he engaged in agricultural pursuits .	I
Continued his business in Columbia County and in 1851 , he moved to Florida .	I
Jacobs died in Seattle , May 21 , 1914 , and was interred in the city 's Mount Pleasant Cemetery .	O
He died on March 29 , 1926 in Providence and is interred in the Swan Point Cemetery there .	O
He was subsequently elected and served until 1874 .	O
He moved to New York City and resumed the practice of law .	O
He died in Washington , D.C. , December 15 , 1909 and was interred in Spring Hill Cemetery , Harrodsburg , Kentucky .	O
Was unsuccessful for the gubernatorial nomination but harless did not seek renomination in 1948 .	I
In October 1831 , he enrolled at Transylvania University law school and on March 3 , 1832 , earned a law degree .	O
Menefee defeated French by a margin of 234 votes and was the youngest member of the Twenty-fifth Congress .	O
From the law college of the same university in 1938 and he graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1934 .	I
Blogpulse was a search engine and analytic system for blogs .	O
It was created on May 28 , 2007 and was scheduled for release in autumn 2007 .	O
He was admitted to the bar in 1885 and began to practice in New York City .	O
From 1870 until his death he served as its first President , and walley was involved in the creation of the Revere National Bank .	I
Became the personal secretary of the presiding doctor and barrows then went to a hydropathic sanitarium for treatment .	I
Sally ( Ingell ) Crocker and his parents were William A. Crocker .	I
Much of the machinery from Norton relocated to the new site , and in 1845 , a second location was built at Weir Village .	I
The Babbler " " Selucius they nicknamed him .	I
He established several gambling parlors in the city , and although frequently raided he never served jail time .	O
From its law school in 1863 and he graduated from Harvard University in 1860 .	I
The Winston-Salem plant was subsequently purchased by the United States Government , and the Chatham Manufacturing Company consolidated its operations at Elkin in 1940 .	I
Williams died on November 1 , 1876 , in San Jose , California and is buried in the Colma Cemetery , San Mateo County , California .	O
Was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1854 to the Thirty-fourth Congress , and he served from March 4 , 1853 to March 3 , 1855 .	I
He left the Radical Civic Union and joined the Democratic Progressive Party .	O
The east boundary was at Figueroa Street and the south boundary at Pico Boulevard .	O
Was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate , but he was not a candidate for renomination in 1908 .	I
Settled in New Castle , Pennsylvania and immigrated to the United States in 1858 .	I
He studied medicine in Philadelphia and was admitted to practice .	O
He was interested in public utilities and the development of oil lands .	O
In the following year managed a similar mill in Pepperell , Massachusetts , and daniell constructed a paper mill at Waterville , Maine , in 1852 .	I
There are no target fisheries for the spotted eagle ray , but it is often eaten after being caught unintentionally as bycatch .	O
The Democrats refused to name any Republicans to the panel , but cramer worked to establish the state 's first anti-crime commission .	I
I was running , and he was walking .	I
Cramer returned to St. Petersburg , and bush was elected as president .	I
Bradley died in Westminster on March 3 , 1867 , and is interred in the Old Westminster Cemetery in Westminster .	O
Engaged in the life insurance business until 1942 and he moved to Pueblo , Colorado , in 1924 .	I
He died in Hartford , Connecticut , on March 14 , 1903 , and was buried at Village Cemetery in his hometown of Canton , Connecticut .	O
He graduated from Florida State College at Lake City in 1895 and from Mercer University in Macon , Georgia , in 1896 .	O
Declined to accept the nomination , but he was renominated in 1870 .	I
Plumer served as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1818 and as a member of the New Hampshire Senate from 1827 to 1828 .	O
He was also a close friend and confidant of John Quincy Adams .	O
Engaged in the practice of law in Cheyenne and he moved to the Territory of Wyoming in 1869 .	I
He served until the end of the war and mustered out on April 21 , 1865 .	O
He returned to Ohio in 1865 and mustered out of the army .	O
Also engaged in agricultural pursuits and he resumed the practice of law .	I
Continued the practice of law and he moved to Williston in 1910 .	I
Its effect on the native species has not been studied , but this species has been introduced into the Doce River basin .	I
In Iran , the cyclone caused 28 deaths and $ in damage ( 2007 USD ) .	O
Was unsuccessful in a campaign for reelection in but blackburn was reelected to Congress in the three succeeding terms 1974 .	I
He taught school and studied law .	O
Served as an Emory trustee and he was a lifelong Methodist	I
These will be accumulated and divided by 11 .	O
In 1907 , he stayed with the same club and went 24-9 to set a career-high in victories .	O
Writes questions for the event itself and he has since retired as a player .	I
Had a guest appearance by Wiz Khalifa and the music video was filmed throughout Las Vegas .	I
Also , it received very few nominations on awarding events and did not win any category it was included in .	O
The Hawaiian social system fell apart and outsiders filled the power vacuum .	O
He drew two bases on balls and was credited with one sacrifice .	O
Caught trout average and sometimes reach .	O
He stole 46 bases for Triple-A Richmond , but his season was marred by a suspension .	O
Threw his batting helmet at him both benches to clear and after drawing a walk , he charged Bush while walking to first base , causing .	I
Currently , the 4th phase of the mall is being constructed and is expected to be inaugurated by 1st quarter of 2018 .	O
Metabolism of organophosphates occurs mostly in the liver , but also in other organs , like the intestine .	O
Failed to make the senior squad for the 1927 season but he played two more games at the end of the season .	I
After graduation , Wingate served in the United States Air Force and played football for the Bolling Air Force Base football team .	O
Damaged HMS " Eskimo " and on 13 April 1940 he torpedoed .	I
The operation of the line was aimed for 1988 , but due to some difficulties it started operation in 1989 .	O
Became an ace on 1 July , and laumann scored three victories in June .	I
Hartley was born in Dumbarton , Scotland and was the son of a tailor .	O
Rudolf served as a justice of the peace and was custos rotulorum from 1819 to 1823 .	O
Left to set , usually in the refrigerator and the mixture is poured into a rectangular baking tin .	I
Noted the possibility that " A. intermedius " is of hybrid origin , but he therefore synonymized " A. intermedius " with " A. barbiger " .	I
Their bills are too large for the tubes and these species are too heavy for the fine branches .	I
Arouca ; he finished his first season with 25 matches and one goal , helping to a final tenth position .	O
His other major contributions are a book on Mishkawah 's philosophy and an English translation of Ibn-e-taimiyah 's fatawas with an introduction .	O
Owned a sawmill and he was an innkeeper .	I
The whole building has been restored and , in parts , modernised .	O
Importantly , new records of Haemoproteus are discovered constantly and should still be monitored for effects on host condition	O
Is vectored by a hippoboscid fly ( " Pseudolynchia canariensis " ) ) and " H. columbae " infects rock pigeons ( " Columba livia " .	I
Was posted to the Unit Stores Accounts Section Victorian and dockendorff enlisted in the Second Australian Imperial Force on 4 October 1942 , Detachment .	I
He played three matches and scored five goals .	O
Scored eight goals and he played six matches .	I
He played five matches and scored eight goals .	O
Rich lists are now published in " The Australian Financial Review Magazine " and in 2017 were rebranded as the " Financial Review Rich List " .	O
He will never be forgotten , but fox Mulder may be gone .	I
The International Monetary Fund and sources are the World bank .	I
Most of these are either indeterminate dinichthyids or are now placed in different genera .	O
Despite his wounds , Henderson returned to service and was promoted to post captain in 1805 .	O
Lisa invites him over to her house , and dresses him up in girls ' clothing .	O
The staff 's loyalties are severely tested for the events that follow and bryan gets more than he bargained for when he meets his new love .	I
Played college basketball at Jacksonville University and britton 's father Jeff is a painter .	I
His mother Abbie is a journalist and owns a personal training business .	O
Plans were reconsidered and scaled back .	O
The beating up of anti-Yanukovych protesters and this was mirrored by instances of rioting .	I
" Number One " ( 1969 ) , opposite Charlton Heston ) and his later films included " First to Fight " ( 1967 .	I
Served as the administrative headquarters of the county , and richmond was included in the Waimea County boundaries .	I
Took a job as a newspaper reporter in Tacoma and following graduation he moved with his family to Washington state .	I
Hoggatt resigned from the U.S. Navy in August 1898 and enrolled in the Columbia University School of Mines .	O
Graduated in 1874 and he attended Yale University .	I
Well as the popular genre Hipco , as liberian music includes traditional Gbema music .	I
They are dependent on their parents for two months and attain their adult plumage at about four months .	O
It had an area of 2,467 km ² , and a total population of 846,962 ( 2011 ) .	O
The Nettleships had an encampment on Laguna Beach and Mary would camp out there with Gwen .	O
The states of Telangana , Odisha and it borders Rayalaseema regions of the state .	I
Staple food of the state and rice is the major food crop .	I
Can be enabled by the user and the partner repository is disabled by default .	I
Assumed the throne , his oppressive resulted in universal discontent and after Maximinus Thrax killed Emperor Alexander Severus at Moguntiacum in Germania Inferior rule .	I
Many of the provinces gladly sided with Gordian and the senate confirmed the new emperor on 2 April .	I
Meyer died of a heart attack on December 2 , 1975 and is buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery .	O
This rowing currach measured up to 20 feet , and is still seen in water in North Donegal .	O
Materials for the USS Monitor , the Navy 's first ironclad warship and the United States Navy contracted with Corning 's iron works to manufacture parts .	I
Are the colours used on the national flag and these colours are similar to other English sporting teams .	I
In the final England , at one point , led 16 – 14 and were credited with how they were able to produce a real contest .	O
Never for more than five years at a time , but since then the tournament has run for some seasons .	I
More open than it is and the landscape of Niah Cave was drier now .	I
Participants will depart from the Marina Bay , Miri and head up to the ocean for 3 days .	O
Charley does return - but without his aunt .	O
Instead finds herself alone with Jack , but kitty comes looking for Donna Lucia .	I
Asks Charley to marry him and in fact , Sir Francis enters .	I
Anyone can do or there is nothing Spettigue .	I
Limbang Plaza is located in the town centre , and is often dubbed the definite centre of Limbang .	O
In 1644 the Scottish army crossed the border in support of the Parliamentarians and the Scottish troops besieged Newcastle for three months until the garrison surrendered .	O
The match finished with Ireland winning 26 – 22 , but Thompson for Scotland did win Man of the Match .	O
Scotland took a while to get going but the Tomahawks were made up of AMNRL players .	I
Since then the tournament has run for some seasons , but never for more than five years at a time .	O
A new shirt has recently been designed for the World Cup and it is expected that fans will be able to buy it	O
He also possesses ultra-acute senses but to a limited degree .	O
Under the Polytechnic 's Industrial Attachment program , students can gain first-hand learning experience of the life science industry before they graduate .	O
Well as corporate film of India as it is considered as the first shipping .	I
Restored the film and he made the positives .	I
Living in Vienna , she fell ill aged sixteen and had to have part of an eyeball removed .	O
Are on the edge of abstraction and zakarauskas 's works often have no plot .	I
In 1847 , he returned to Prague and joined secret society " Repeal " .	O
It was rebuilt after 1828 and partly dismantled in 1910 .	O
The record was initially released in 1989 via Label Bleu in France and then re-released via Evidence Music in 1995 in the United States .	O
Also served as a consultant of the Ministry of National Education and the next year , although she officially retired , she continued teaching .	I
Then in Medicine at the of Genova in and he graduated at the University of Turin in Surgery in 1815 University 1817 .	I
In 1822 he was appointed assistant surgeon and anatomic engraver in the same hospital .	O
Played together throughout the season and in 2017 , the Australians reunited .	I
Not for the original literal works unless in only , but rough translations in English have been provided for the opus titles , Finnish .	I
It is away from Karapınar , and south of the Konya-Adana highway .	O
· " Der Reservetorwart " ( Short stories ) Schöffling & Co . Verlag , Frankfurt am Main ( 2004 )	O
The Zoo is breeding over 70 species of waterfowl , and its symbol of the Zoo is the Red-breasted goose .	O
Replaced by Dr. Jens Kämmerling and 2002 director Klaus Jacob was retired .	I
Secretary of the Work Village and gertrude van Tijn was the co-founder .	I
Taught at Florida International University before joining Northeastern , and he was born in San Antonio , Texas .	I
Destroyed the estate and his troops also plundered .	I
It replaces the Opel Antara , and is currently sold in Europe .	O
Frederick called her " Chere Maman " , and had a noted good relationship with her .	O
Had a capacity of 300,000 bushels and the grain elevator was completed in 1855 .	I
Shouted " Shame and armour repeatedly banged his gavel ! "	I
Practiced in Montpelier and he resided in Middlesex .	I
Renovated a in the and returning to Guernsey in 1781 he bought house Rohais .	I
His Mosquito has been considered the most versatile warplane ever built , and his Comet was the first jet airliner to go into production .	O
Passionate disputes about the proposed emancipation of Romanian Jews and nevertheless , political life remained troubled , with government instability .	I
Their names entered into a ledger and once there , their papers were checked .	I
Their names entered into a ledger and once there , their papers were checked .	I
He was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1948 , but was released due to ill health in 1953 .	O
The distinctive unit insignia is the shield and motto of the coat of arms .	O
Rubinstein joined the Banque Franco-Asiatique in Paris and by 1932 was running the bank .	O
The murder generated significant interest by the public and the media because of Rubinstein 's notoriety .	O
Opened in 1936 and the archive was built .	I
Tobago Pro Bowl and " 2017 Trinidad	I
He hit three home runs for Italy , but his team was eliminated in Pool D .	O
Was granted a transfer to the invalid list and his company status secure , Richardson immediately applied for .	I
This included dialogue of the video and was released on 6 April .	O
Thomas Hemerford was born about 1553 in Dorsetshire , and studied at St John 's College , Oxford .	O
He had a very successful run in Bnei Yehuda and played for the club for over 3 seasons .	O
It was moved 60 chains further south at this time , but it is not clear when the original station was built .	I
Was warden for Westmorland County and he served on the county council .	I
He retired from baseball after the 1966 season , and he was not recalled to the major leagues .	I
The Soldier ’ s Creed and " I live by the Army values . "	I
He maintains a blog , Carpe Diem and is a frequent contributor at SeekingAlpha.com .	O
Covering red sand grassland kingman country is primarily .	I
Malik & donna Cadogan Adouane	I
Later decided to enter the priesthood , but oldcorne was educated as a doctor .	I
His wife whose priest was and also in the group was plotter Everard Digby , Oldcorne .	I
The squadron was upgraded to use the Fairey Seal aircraft , and then embarked aboard with the Home Fleet in May 1933 .	O
Represented the constituency in the Ninth Lok Sabha and rajiv Gandhi won a third term in the election .	I
Is a place of worship for Sikhs , and gurdawara means the Gateway to the Guru .	I
Also become a solution for solving the problem of plastic waste and ahuja ’ s project has created employment for scores of underprivileged people .	I
Was certified 4 × Platinum in Sweden and the song became her second number one single .	I
Rejoined Super Nova for the 2009 – 10 GP2 Asia Series season , but he did not race in any category during the summer of 2009 .	I
Padilla was born in Puerto Rico and moved to Pontiac in 1953 .	O
In 1866 was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Närke regiment , and he stayed on as assistant gymnastics instructor at Karlberg for a while .	I
His health , however , rapidly declined towards the end of 1831 and by the beginning of 1832 he realised that death was near .	O
This is considered to be the birthplace of Genghis Khan , as well as one of the rumored locations of his tomb .	O
The town of Tolu was founded in 1535 and has never been hit by a hurricane .	O
In July 2007 , Sambenedettese excised the rights to sign 50 % but Serie B club Piacenza bought Samb 's half for € 170,000 .	O
They do climb on plants in dry weather , but in colder regions the snails do not aestivate .	I
Especially during periods of high humidity , irrespective of temperature and in South Africa , these snails are active mostly at night .	I
The Liberals again decided not to oppose the miners ’ candidate and the Independent Labour party also chose not stand a candidate .	O
Extensive research has been done on multipath routing techniques , but multipath routing is not yet widely deployed in practice .	O
When they again ordered her to dismount , she tricked the soldiers , and rode back to the Wick House , where she hid the horse .	O
Will have peak download speeds of 60 Mbit / s and ground to Orbit will be in service over the United States .	I
Mixed-income residential properties with a high level of access to amenities and the South False Creek development is characterized by low-density , mixed use .	I
Second PGA Championship in three years and it was Price 's second consecutive major .	I
Education in Niue is free and compulsory for 8 years .	O
Was dealt with in the same fashion , and ten years later the same issue arose .	I
It was the last major lighthouse to be constructed on French territory , and takes its name from that of a place just down the coast .	O
West of the Trift Glacier and it lies north of the Diechterhorn .	I
During January 1945 , the officers strength was 61 and the enlisted strength decreased from 379 to 312 .	O
Were in the very last group of B-24s made and these were " M " models , painted black underneath .	I
Were unresolved during 20 other attempts between 1976 – 1991 , but they were later resolved in 1981 with a separation of .	I
Is 1.18 times the mass of the Sun , and the secondary star is an F-type main-sequence star .	I
You must cut it off immediately , and you must not follow its whims .	O
Fort signed with the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent and made the 53-man roster for the 2012 regular season opener .	O
Is shot by Cullen and he staggers into the street .	I
Believes a train ride to Chicago would kill him , but doc tells them Durant needs a more qualified surgeon .	I
Dusenbery was named President of the Board and remained in that position until 2008 .	O
Build the High Speed coupé and monteverdi originally let Pietro Frua design .	I
Largely resided away from London and eliza by contrast lived very quietly .	I
They grow up to two metres in diameter and morphologically earn the epithet " boulder " .	O
The film was tagged as an " authentic period film " and in that review , the making of the film was widely appreciated .	I
The bridge had been destroyed and Spinola ordered rebuild it .	O
The second album Bad Hair Day came out in December 2004 , and it was followed by Shorter Than Danny DeVito in August 2006 .	O
Has won several awards for his TV work and gray has created a number of global television formats .	I
The Chairman of the company was Alfred Mond , 1st Baron Melchett and it was floated on the Stock Exchange on 29 June 1923 .	O
It 's plausible enough , but it sounds like a joke . "	I
Deported him back to Russia in early 1947 , and soviet occupation troops arrested Kulygin in March 1946 .	I
He was extremely nice , and completely respectful . " "	O
The church centre is in Kingston Road , but faces the church itself across Longfleet Road .	O
In Philosophy at the University of Genoa and he graduated in Classical Literature , in History .	I
The British moved into the largely depopulated Sokoto and appointed Muhammadu Attahiru II the new Caliph .	O
Are readily accessible to minimally invasive surgery and most of these arteries are in the scalp .	I
" P31 " was decommissioned in 2004 and bought by the Malta Tourism Authority .	O
Jumps into the birdbath and road Runner reads the sign .	I
Road Runner fires it , and he enters the cannon .	I
The police pepper-sprayed them and displayed their batons .	O
" The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina	O
The second in 1988 and the first was in 1987 .	I
Both singers received praise for their performance , but Blake Shelton chose to continue with Terry .	O
Was granted Grade II listed building status in 1974 and designed by architect Charles Heathcote , it opened in 1913 .	I
As an assistant , Kōdate helped collect data , draw training material , and listen to the people attending the courses from several emerging Japanese companies .	O
Is a mixture of architectural styles and the church is a typical cruciform shape .	I
The tower is Perpendicular and has five stages .	O
Are available online and they have been digitised .	I
She returned to Australia after receiving her doctorate , but then moved permanently to the UK in 1950 .	O
Credit is centralised and blame devolved .	O
Reached the top division in July 1976 and he made his professional debut in November 1967 .	I
Then from 1993 to 2001 in , and they later served at churches in California Honduras .	I
Frison took to ranching as a young man and helped his grandparents run the family ranch .	O
He decided to enlist in the United States Navy and his education was cut short when World War II began .	I
Others which are associated with the constituent countries of the United Kingdom , and it has a number of days of celebration which go largely uncelebrated .	I
Includes a small row of shops with flats above and the shape of the Everdon estate forms a complete loop .	I
His father served in the military at the time of his birth and later worked as a health inspector for the city of Newark .	O
He is twice divorced and has two sons .	O
The Guayaquil marine ecoregion bounds it on the south , and the Nicoya marine ecoregion bounds it on the north .	I
2 country hit and a No .	O
Wartberg pottery is handmade and mostly very coarse .	O
Recognised by the IOC in 1919 , and the NZOC was founded in 1911 .	I
The Corbin family spent a great amount of time repairing the vessel and bringing her up to Coast Guard regulations for a passenger vessel .	O
Has been described as the finest cutting sword ever manufactured in quantity and the blade is remembered today as one of the best of its time .	I
Well as a fleet of antique cars as he has a crystal collection in the palace .	I
The oldest seventeenth-century structure in modern-day Farmington and the Stanley-Whitman House is the fourth-oldest existent structure .	I
Is nominally a children 's game and it is similar to the game Ludo .	I
It now represents the company 's biggest market in Europe , and since 2006 Mitsubishi has treated Russia as a separate market .	O
He spent less than a season at Valley Parade and was released for a return to the south .	O
Is named for the early local educator Robert Hewitt and it is the only middle school in Trussville City Schools .	I
Extended to all parts of the bottom sides , but the leak was not confined to any one place . "	I
Up to 30 against odds , but teams of 25 in grand matches . "	I
Of course , rules continued ( and still continue ) to evolve .	O
Leave it entirely in the hands of blackguards and " Otherwise respectable young fellows will retire from the sport . "	I
This was not really a finals system and was only tried for one season .	O
She was the United States Ambassador to Mauritius and to the Seychelles from 2012 to 2017 .	O
Old Thomas ( ) is one of the symbols and guardians of Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .	O
Purhonen won the fight 3 – 2 and , therefore , Dabore was eliminated .	O
, therefore , Dabore was eliminated and angelov won the fight 5 – 0 .	I
Brian is the grandfather of Jordan , and Mark is the father of Jordan .	O
One week in Canada , and 1 in the U.S. .	I
It defined Bonnin ’ s showbiz career and alyas Palos made Bernard Bonnin a household name .	I
Sagua de Tánamo ( ) is a municipality and town in the Holguín Province of Cuba .	O
The latter are eaten with honey , but they are similar to Andalusian Pestiños .	I
The western extreme point is at 94 ° 58 ' 22 " East and the furthest east is at 141 ° 1 ' 10 " East .	O
Judge Flynn subsequently assumed in 2010 and Judge Alexandra DiPentima succeeded him .	O
She married Mordi Lavi in 1977 and has one son , Asaf .	O
He then returned to the Foreign Service and became the Cuban Ambassador to Spain .	O
He briefly did some modeling and appeared in GQ magazine .	O
Various efforts to revive the theatre were unsuccessful , but luckily the property was spared the wrecking ball .	O
His father was a merchant and he attended public schools .	O
Made his home there until 1877 and in 1874 Fitch returned to San Francisco .	I
Was the Senate President Pro Tempore in his final term and he served in the Nevada State Senate from 1872 to 1879 .	I
He served as chairman of the commission until his death , and in 1907 he was named to the state railroad commission .	I
In 2001 Bowes ordained Watts a Master Teacher , and the two shared co-directorship of the new order .	O
Reports that she expects more Master Teachers will be ordained in time but currently , Mother Clare Watts is the only Master Teacher in the OCS .	I
She asks him to give her away and keep their secret until the wedding .	O
The plot moves along very slowly and however , it can be sometimes grusome .	I
His passenger , Sunbeam mechanic Frank Bill was handicapped from that accident and given a job " for life " by the Sunbeam Company .	O
It may have been established in 1299 by Johann von Löwenwolde , but the earliest mentionings of Luke Manor ( ) originate from 1557 .	I
Became interested in mining and van Duzer returned to Nevada .	I
Pakistan won the series 2 – 0 and ali named the man of the match award .	I
Among other things it features 3D graphics with traditional 2D gameplay , and there is supposed to be heavy emphasis on online multiplayer combat .	O
It circulates in almost all the Biobío Region and el Sur is a Chilean newspaper published in Concepción .	I
The Western Districts with one authorized for each and 507 , Louisiana was for a third time divided into Eastern , judgeship .	I
Extended by , to to accommodate larger corporate jets and in 2012 , runway 14-32 was moved to the northeast .	I
Sammy eventually catches up and wins the race .	O
Is too preachy and melodramatic . "	O
Beaten into denying he had seen Jesus and in one scene , a child is mocked .	I
Was replaced by the current structure in 1873 , and a second meeting house was built in 1803 .	I
Powerless to but de 'Londa is outraged argue .	I
He was not aware of a goods train approaching from the other direction and was hit by the locomotive , throwing him against the passenger train .	O
There were a number of injuries and one passenger in that carriage was killed .	I
Thirteen freight wagons were derailed but there were no injuries .	O
Major roads were blocked and obote 's residence was surrounded .	I
In November 2006 it stopped sending back data but the Surveyor exceeded its designed life by many years .	I
All of these objects are space probes and their upper stages launched by NASA .	O
The 415 IAP was decommissioned in 1992 and the MiG-23s were sent to Rzhev .	O
A Yak-Service Yak-42 , carrying the team to a game in Minsk , Belarus crashed on take-off from Tunoshna , killing 44 of the 45 occupants .	O
Remains as member of the band for studio recordings , but lewis was replaced by Sandra Laureano as touring member .	I
Jesia started her career in 1980s , and won the Femina Miss India 1986 .	O
Regardless , the scroll is still largely readable , and editors have filled the lacunae with reasonable confidence .	O
The film was shot in Iran but its screening was banned there .	O
One of the younger girls needs to go to the toilet , but of course there is no women 's toilet in the stadium .	O
However , the Welders soon equalised and the match went to penalties .	O
Jacob died in 1934 and Julia in 1942 .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Dynamo Samarkand .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Sogdiana Jizzakh .	O
He then effectively forced Emperor Gaozu to first create him crown prince and then yield the throne to him ( as Emperor Taizong ) .	O
6000 of them were left homeless after fires , and three quarters of the casualties were Chinese Malaysians .	I
First criticality was on 14 May 1988 , and construction of unit one began in 1979 .	I
Provided their medical needs at the following battles and assigned as Medical unit for 6th Canadian Infantry Brigade .	I
Secured their objectives by the end of the day and the Canadians landed on 3 September 1943 with negligible opposition .	I
Can call upon the work of every villager , and the Chief owns great fields of fertile land .	I
The role was re-cast in June 2007 but jocko Sims was originally cast as Chester Fields .	I
From 1981 until his death he served as Chairman of the Union , and in 1974 he was named a secretary of the Georgian Writers Union .	I
By 1473 , when he was 17 , Ercole had left Ferrara and was working in Bologna in the studio of Francesco del Cossa .	O
According to Vasari , Ercole also apprenticed under Lorenzo Costa in Bologna , but this seems unlikely as he was Lorenzo 's senior by several years .	O
Director Edgar Wright is a fan of the band and decided to include it after seeing them live .	O
A heavy enforcement of the new laws resulted in over 2,500 arrests , and mtv was asked not to set up their operation on the beach .	I
França was born in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim , Espírito Santo , and moved at a young age to the state of Pará .	O
The WPA bought the Bell Farm and began construction of the runways .	O
Was the only single from their fourth album " Fandango and " Tush " is a song by American blues rock band ZZ Top ! " .	I
Some of the castaways stayed in Mpondoland and were later absorbed into Mpondo communities .	O
Is usually regulated as such except where specifically exempted , and scientific diving is generally considered to be occupational diving .	I
It was collected in the anthologies " Nine Tomorrows " and " The Best Science Fiction of Isaac Asimov " .	O
Succeeded in electing 22 deputies to the National Assembly and the remains of the UDF renamed itself the New Centre .	I
He was working on a second volume , but died in 1770 before it was completed .	O
Executed as well and he has her arrested .	I
Royer 's version was never staged and the music is now lost .	O
The city has connected 1.3 million additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 people with access to toilets in 14 years .	O
Bushbuckridge water boards and the exceptions were Namakwa .	I
Then a few months later turn expert and he would win two more consecutive beginner races .	I
Snap BMX Magazine & Transworld BMX :	O
Macnaghten was born into a landed Anglo-Irish family and attended Raphoe Royal school in County Donegal .	O
Fatah al-Islam was regarded as hostile towards the Syria-friendly Hezbollah , and therefore deemed worthy of financial support by the Siniora government .	O
Her father Boris is a soccer coach and sometimes traveled with her on tour .	O
A decrease of $ 1.43 million from the preceding year , or the 2011 – 2012 LC budget was $ 48.3 million .	I
To the west is Boulge a small , and another village , Dallinghoo , is to the north , hamlet .	I
During its release , this film had a grand opening and it became a commercial success at the Box Office .	O
He fights the men single = handedly and kills them , proving his bravery .	O
He also starts loving Divya , and she starts loving him too .	O
Vivek reveals to her the complication that exist in the investigation , but she offers her body in exchange of Rana being left alone .	I
Siva gets mad at Kaasi , and siva 's brother is killed .	I
The name means ' brides ' ford ' , and has the same etymology as Bridford in Devon .	O
Ran for the entire month until 31 , and the mid-season transfer window opened on 1 January 2008 , January .	I
One year later series production started and the development phase was finished in 1950 .	I
Hence , INH is ineffective and the bacteria is resistant .	O
( 2 ) Polaris World Cartagena vs. ( 3 ) ElPozo Murcia Turística	O
The engine revs up to 16,500 rpm and makes either , depending on year .	O
" Discosauriscus " belongs to the order Seymouriamorpha , and is the type genus of the family Discosauriscidae .	O
On September 3 , Lebanese forces killed four militants and captured two in the area near the camp .	O
The team released him in August 1991 after an accumulation of yellow and red cards kept him out of seven games during the season .	O
The lyrics were written by Henry Edward Warner , and the music was composed by Herman Avery Wade .	I
He was called up to the Belgium national team and made his debut against Slovenia in February 2009 .	O
Snow " in , Italy and in 2002 , Colbert presented " Ashes Venice .	I
He returned to New York City in 1896 and died there on May 22 , 1900 .	O
It harbours only the MAT1-2-1 gene at its MAT locus and is thus an example of a unisexually reproducing species .	O
By enhancing the activities of the antioxidant enzyme and this is done by reducing the concentration of ROS .	I
He does not look very pleased , but he assumes it is an honor .	I
The discovery paper was not released until December 2 , but this planet was discovered on November 22 , 2010 .	I
Allowed producer Alexander H. Cohen to open the show as planned and in April 1980 , Conner had refused to issue a preliminary injunction .	I
There were never many hotels of its standard in Australia and to my knowledge this is the last of them .	O
Become invasive unless properly managed and crossvine can spread aggressively through stolons .	I
Contributes to dorsal - ventral patterning and the GSC gene defines neural-crest cell-fate specification .	I
Then he moved to Lithuanian BC Zalgiris and won the Lithuanian Championship in 1994 .	O
They were joined by high school students and even some from the elementary schools .	O
About 30 people were shot during a demonstration in Warsaw , and major demonstrations occurred on May 1 ( Labour Day ) .	I
Did a cameo on " Komiks Presents : Bampy " " and later , she had a minor role on " Spirits .	I
Well as five sub-global assessments as the report incorporated a global assessment .	I
Computer Science and Software Engineering	O
Then Archdeacon of Hereford from 1869 to 1787 and he was Archdeacon of Shropshire from 1760 to 1769 .	I
From Wellesley College and an M.A .	O
The site became a public playfield and the old schoolhouse was removed in 1943 .	I
Not in other cell types but fgf21 stimulates glucose uptake in adipocytes .	I
Was considered a success by fans and the single was introduced in many blogs .	I
The video pictures a party thrown by Taryn , but she is a phantom at her own party .	O
Once again they faced Duke , this time in the National Semifinal , and used a late run to beat the Blue Devils 79 – 78 .	O
Is part of the wider Harewood community and the school is situated just north of Leeds .	I
The school curriculum is in line with , but not restricted by , the National Curriculum .	O
Was in use to AD 120 in Roman Wales and the fort was built by the Romans around AD 75 .	I
Had been bitten by the political bug but he finished fourth in a field of six .	I
Made his first such record in 1958 and in time , he drifted into country music .	I
As of March 23 the total number of tickets sold was 951,573 , and by April 6 the film had grossed a total of $ 6,450,178 .	I
Read law in 1845 to enter the Bar and he graduated from the University of Vermont in 1844 .	I
After the party was seated , the county commander called the chef and asked him how he thought to season vinegar in the chicken .	O
Craig-wood married in 2000 and divorced in 2006 .	O
Cadets are considered the " guardians and stewards " of the Code .	O
The 1832 structures are in total ruins and today , the Steel Mine is nearly inaccessible .	I
A crier announcing the death of the king and then Perival hears the alarm bells from the castle .	I
Was also buried there and hildegard died two years later .	I
Their full length sequences have not been determined , but several alternatively spliced transcript variants have been described .	I
Jones played with King Oliver in California in 1921 , and then worked in St. Louis , Missouri with R.Q .	O
The gene has seen in gliomas to suppress cellular differentiation and thus encourage cells to become more stem cell like .	O
All the girls are dancing with other girls , but the narrator dances with a girl named Donna .	O
Donna tells him not now and she leaves the party .	O
He pours himself a glass of Scotch and he takes it into his bathroom .	O
There are 13 transcript variants that are protein encoding , and the longest transcript variant is 790 amino acids long .	O
In 2006 , he finished in fourth place in the British championship and drove in four races in the Formula Three Euroseries for Fortec .	O
Reduced the outstanding debt to $ 700,000 and the 2011 convention saw a $ 100,000 profit .	I
He owed a good deal to Théophile Gautier , but his writing was more florid than Gautier 's .	O
The 90th Light captured and held El Adem .	O
Veered too far north , resulting in the clash with ILH and during the early morning hours , the 90th Light had lost direction .	I
The disused Itchen Navigation runs through the north of the borough , and in the south , Hamble is served by the Hamble-Warsash Ferry .	O
Took shelter in the hills and the slaves went ashore at Heimaey .	I
A single session of exercise can induce hypotension and exercise water-based can induce important hypotension response .	O
The AIA is governed by a Board of Directors and has a staff of more than 200 employees .	O
The " father " of " Mary of Cleophas " and in medieval tradition Cleophas is the second husband of Saint Anne .	I
It is located south of the city and handled 2.66 million passengers in 2015 .	O
The Iranians defeated several Iraqi Republican Guard counter-offensives and managed to hang on to their foothold .	O
However , the laird is apparently popular locally and has said he is unwilling to sell .	O
The British cabinet was divided on the matter but eventually any possible armed conflict was prevented .	O
Fort St. John is situated in the Peace River North provincial electoral district and is represented by Pat Pimm in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia .	O
The United States for the of such things as and trading posts were also very common in the early settlements of Canada trade fur .	I
His grandfather worked at Packard Motor Car Company , and his grandmother taught workers ' children to dance .	O
Learned to be invisible and rosenberg hid under the porch .	I
Conflicts to provide his expertise in Nonviolent Communication , and rosenberg was called to many states , countries .	I
Came to be known as the Hoddle Grid , and the plan was completed on 25 March 1837 .	I
The following list is initially sorted alphabetically and can be sorted by additional categories .	O
They were all equipped with boosters ( some shortly after being built ) and all Selkirks ( 5900 through 5935 ) were built as oil burners .	O
Was soon acclaimed as a child prodigy and he learned to play chess at age four .	I
He first traveled to Shanghai and then back to Germany .	O
He was allowed to play with it and a white laboratory rat was placed near Albert .	I
Jobs relaunched Apple 's online store in 1997 , and opened the first two physical stores in 2001 .	O
Dell responded : " I 'd shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders " .	O
Let customers press a button to signal needed assistance , and the new displays added more information about the product .	I
In the jarosite subgroup B is Fe , and in the alunite subgroup B is Al .	I
Surrendered their degree-granting privileges to the university and both colleges existed before the university was founded .	I
Has five storeys and the tower is tall .	I
It recruits clathrin to membranes and also promotes its polymerization .	O
Can cater to a maximum of 64 candidates and an EVM can record a maximum of 3840 votes .	I
Work is on to incorporate new features and ec has given us its requirement for EVMs .	I
When you cast a vote , the serial number and some data will be generated as a printout .	O
Honorius had few conflicts with the Irish missionary efforts , and admired Aidan , one of the leading Irish clergy .	O
After releasing Hunyadi , Vlad gave him precious gifts and accompanied him as far as the Hungarian border .	O
Destroyed the small fort at Tutrakan and before long , however , they conquered .	I
Do not form congregations , but females will occasionally puddle .	I
Adults are edible to birds and some species are mimics .	O
, instead , pursue higher relevancy using AdSense as its revenue source and unlike the other major search engines , Google decided to avoid paid inclusion .	I
They moved to Bozeman , Montana and she married Richard J. Charlesworth in 1997 .	I
Are a major avenue for their misuse , and viral infections cannot be treated with antibiotics .	I
Well as a location where free-ends of microtubules attract to , as microtubule-organizing centers function as the site where microtubule formation begins .	I
The data gathered are processed by a computer and tens of thousands of cells can be quickly examined .	I
At Bâyezïd 's insistence , Hamdullah reluctantly agreed , but hamdullah regarded al-Musta 'simi 's work as unsurpassable .	I
Carl sometimes loses tolerance when she asks him for favors , but he has shown on occasions that he genuinely loves her .	O
Went on to attend Enterprise State Junior College , and he graduated from Newnan High School in Newnan .	I
Has a total population of 59,040 ( 2008 ) , and the municipality covers an area of 418 km ² .	I
Original SVT bass amps are highly sought-after for their pleasing sound and were used by many professional bassists in the ' 70s .	O
Neighboring Mounds View also sustained heavy damage , and over 450 homes were destroyed in Fridley .	I
Won a Grammy Award for Best Classical Crossover Album and 1 on " Billboard " ' s Classical Albums chart .	I
Had a total population of 6,407 ( 2005 ) , and the municipality covered an area of 120 km ² .	I
The municipality covered an area of 124 km ² , and had a total population of 8,792 ( 2005 ) .	O
By the 1840s she was already known as a hymn writer and her compositions were soon included in Church of Ireland hymnbooks .	O
These relationships had their roots in the 1970s and the three of them still work together .	O
Both trims are seven-seaters and offer front-wheel drive .	O
The municipality covered an area of 80 km ² , and had a total population of 5,037 ( 2005 ) .	O
Had a total population of 6,096 ( 2005 ) , and the municipality covered an area of 47 km ² .	I
Hope was admitted as an advocate in 1965 and became a Queen 's Counsel in 1978 .	O
Had a total population of 5,909 ( 2005 ) , and the municipality covered an area of 91 km ² .	I
Returning from a successful mission , she would " buzz " the aerodrome and then indulge in unauthorised aerobatics , knowing that it enraged her commander .	O
Page was in The Yardbirds at the time and was actively looking to rebuild that band .	O
Had a total population of 5,480 ( 2005 ) , and the municipality covered an area of 81 km ² .	I
Reggie is cooking up rumors about him , and all the people have turned against him .	O
The original unit was officially known as " NSKK Gruppe Luftwaffe " and a second one was known as " NSKK Transportgruppe Todt " .	O
Killed a waiter in a New York City cafe and six weeks after being paroled from prison , Abbott stabbed .	I
The municipality covered an area of 100 km ² , and had a total population of 6,353 ( 2005 ) .	O
Takes minutes for the blocks to fall pixel by pixel , but the blocks can still be moved from left to right .	I
The experiments however did not prove so high thermal conductivity improvements , but found significant increase of the critical heat flux of the coolants .	O
The following day a workers ' soviet was formed and declared that it had taken control of Vilnius .	O
The Red Army retook it on April 4 , but lithuanian forces entered the city on March 26 .	I
Silesian Air is a defunct scheduled , passenger and cargo airline , formerly based in Poland .	O
The lawsuit was later dropped or settled out of court .	O
Founded the Lesser Nogay Horde on the steppe of the North Caucasus and in 1557 the Nogay " Nur-al-Din " Qazi Mirza quarreled with Ismael Beg .	I
These flights commenced on 29 May 2007 but were suspended on 7 December 2007 .	O
The municipality covered an area of 138 km ² , and had a total population of 6,886 ( 2005 ) .	O
Is uniquely low gradient for western Montana streams and the Bitterroot Valley averages 7 – 10 miles wide .	I
Have received comparatively little historical attention , but various war crimes have been alleged .	I
Those were dealt with separately in trials held in China and in the Soviet Union after the surrender of Japan .	O
Was defeated in the second round , but keith Hanlon won his first match .	I
The astrolabe with him on the maiden trip to India and already in 1497 , Vasco da Gama took Zacuto 's tables .	I
It was established on October 13 , 1525 as the diocese of Tlaxcala and retained that name until it was elevated to an archdiocese in 1903 .	O
May have continued to work until around 570 , and she was exiled to Sicily around 600 BC .	I
If one parent is affected the risk is about 13 % and if both are affected the risk is nearly 50 % .	O
Those who smoke tend to smoke heavily , and additionally smoke cigarettes with high nicotine content .	O
The industrial production of " 99.9F ° " and the music varies between a frugal , simple style .	I
Five new compositions about three-quarters of her lifetime songwriting output and in all , Vega 's " Close-Up " series features 60 re-recorded songs , representing .	I
Showed that spaced repetition was effective and spitzer tested over 3600 students in Iowa .	I
Now began to threaten the mainland itself and the Dutch had defeated England on open water .	I
Without returning home , he took a boat and observed the fire for over an hour .	O
Cocaine blocks reuptake of dopamine and therefore increases its effects .	O
Can be performed in a specialized sleep laboratory , and simultaneous collection of these measurements is called polysomnography .	I
The loss of periplasmic CuZnSOD causes loss of virulence and might be an attractive target for new antibiotics .	O
Wozniak 's favorite video game is " Tetris " , and he had a high score for " Sabotage " .	O
This function is quite complicated but for some simple cases :	O
The state vector would not apply to individual cat experiments , but only to the statistics of many similarly prepared cat experiments .	O
Romsa is North Norway 's biggest city and Sápmi 's biggest city after Murmansk .	O
Partially within or five counties are wholly Sápmi .	I
Is a South Sami county , and jämtland is wholly within Sápmi .	I
Lieutenant William Dawes produced a town plan in 1790 but it was ignored by the colony 's leaders .	O
" , " Australia " , and " The Great Gatsby " .	O
This building was completed in 1816 and first served as a hospital .	O
Most specimens fall into the 60 to 70 cm range , but naue II swords could be as long as 85 cm .	I
During the Middle Ages sword technology improved , and the sword became a very advanced weapon .	O
Therefore requires prior knowledge of that weapon , and it is treated as a steel whip .	I
Naval officers ' swords but are actually sabres .	O
The falchion which is also single-edged is given its own specific name but for example , the backsword may be so called because it is single-edged .	I
Gould did not deny the relevance of biology to human nature , but reframed the debate as " biological potentiality vs. biological determinism . "	O
Do they encompass all inquiry , nor these two magisteria do not overlap . "	I
Both incidents therein occur in the poem " Grímnismál " " and the ship is mentioned twice in the " Poetic Edda .	I
In 1804 he ended his use of the Lasswade cottage and leased the substantial house of Ashestiel , from Selkirk .	O
Although Scott died owing money , his novels continued to sell , and the debts encumbering his estate were discharged shortly after his death .	O
Scott served as chairman of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was also a member of the Royal Celtic Society .	O
Many other cookbooks were written by Black Americans during that time , but as they were not widely distributed , most are now lost .	O
The one to use and it is a long-time standard .	I
According to Kenyon the forms of the letters are Egyptian and they were found in Egyptian papyri of earlier date .	O
Player 1 has DDIIIOO and plays OIDIOID 9G .	O
Girolamo Vittori was an Italian Hispanist and lexicographer from the 17th century .	O
Shritima Shah was chosen as Miss Nepal International 2013 and she represented Nepal for Miss International 2013 pageant .	O
Acknowledged Huang Long as his teacher and in the end Lu admitted his mistakes .	I
The long ship has a beam of and has a gross tonnage of 11,589 .	O
Mysteriously killed and bob is attacked .	I
The trio emerge into the street , and charlie finally releases the security shutters .	I
The tornado entered Stone County west of Texas and caused significant damage to a few homes .	O
Downed electrical transmission lines and it quickly regained EF2 status .	I
It premiered on October 6 , 1969 and lasted one season with 13 episodes .	O
Served as a 2nd Lieutenant in the 6th Armored Division and he joined the United States Army in the Second World War .	I
St. Mary 's initially lodged a formal protest but this was withdrawn before the Hampshire F.A .	O
Couldn 't get past 25th seed Richard Gasquet in the opening round , but simmonds was given a wildcard into the 2006 US Open main draw .	I
Was motivated to amplify his efforts and the budding artist was moved to tears .	I
An audit concluded that the results were essentially fabricated , and however , Bezwoda 's research work was seriously flawed .	I
No substantial toxicity difference between the groups and the study showed no difference in overall survival .	I
The first permanent settlers of the county arrived in 1810 and founded Centreville at the headwaters of Little Toby Creek .	O
Was built by the Thekkumkoor raja and the temple is about 500 years old .	I
The newspaper circulation started around 180,000 subscribers in 2002 and diminished to less than 100,000 subscribers in 2015 .	O
It can reach a maximum speed of and can accelerate from in 10.9 seconds .	O
Braga equalised on 23 minutes through Maximilian Haas , but naval took an early lead through Paulo Regula .	I
The story is about their love and survival as they grow up .	O
Checketts graduated from West Linn High School in West Linn , Oregon and was named 1994 Oregon State High School Player of the Year .	O
Eventually , Zaruba remembers Kouga and revert to original form .	O
Was not considered as one of the Seven Provinces and it had no voting rights in the Union of Utrecht .	I
Characterised by a simplicity of form and the castle is late Gothic in style .	I
Production climbed to 8,200 tonnes per month , but the planned figures were usually not attained .	O
They had to rely on ores with a lower sulphur content and in 1964 , however , the supply of pure ores was exhausted .	I
" Wu Cheng 'en and Journey to the West	O
Was buried in Westminster Abbey and pearson died at his London home .	I
" List of ecclesiastical restorations and alterations by J. L. Pearson	O
Was buried in Westminster Abbey and pearson died at his London home .	I
Pearson died at his London home and was buried in Westminster Abbey .	O
This list contains Pearson 's major designs for non-ecclesiastical works , and Includes all those in the National Heritage List for England .	O
Colonel Joseph Williams gathered 300 Patriot militia and laid an ambush at the ford .	O
It is a freshwater demersal fish , and grows up to 13 cm length .	O
Dispatched to fight in his race 's war and these children were teleported to Kudlak 's orbiting spaceship .	I
Have the statue explode in the middle of a Cyberman fleet and in 1988 , the Doctor was able to recover all the pieces .	I
The Tenth Doctor was able to destroy it and its host by overloading it with moonlight .	O
They dress in Victorian attire and speak in rhyming whispers .	O
Nipple prosthetics are made of silicone and are adhered to the skin .	O
Readily available for many and mass-produced nipple prostheses have been around years .	I
That church became the main church for the municipality and in 1956 , Sekkemo Church was built on the mainland .	I
His talent is Judo black belt ( middleweight ) and is on the Judo team for Rangsit University .	O
The Castilian king realised the Moors ' intentions and set a trap for them in turn .	O
There are fears of collapse into nuclear war with India , or of chaos enabling extremists to seize weapons of mass destruction .	O
Guiscard , on the other hand , had been excommunicated in 1074 and Amicus would not have felt any need to seek his permission .	O
In early 1080 , Peter surrendered Trani and the rebellion came to an end .	O
Alexios then called a retreat and the Normans were victorious .	O
Well as a provision of ten dollars per week , as in 1923 , Howland was awarded custody of Donald .	I
Secondary inflows are Beaver Creek at the south , and Spruce Creek at Round Bay at the northeast .	O
Esl moved away from FACEIT 's Buchholz system and instead will use an Elo rating system .	O
Took the next two games with relative ease and however , CyberZen took the momentum from the almost-comeback .	I
Vici took a 9-6 lead and then a 12-6 lead .	O
Produce greater detail for images of bony structures and these images are frequently used for bone density examinations .	I
Was also a work of William Bates and it was designed by architect George D. Rainsford .	I
Anna-lena Grönefeld was the defending champion from 2003 , but lost in the second round to Sessil Karatantcheva .	O
Award recipients included Linda Palm , who received the Founders Award , and the Sammons Financial Group , who received the Philanthropic Partner Group .	O
Tracey is a student at University of Technology and previously went to Garvey Maceo High School .	O
The top 10 teams received a first round bye and the top four teams received a double bye .	O
Edward A. Barbour Jr. was an American Democrat politician and lawyer who served in the Missouri General Assembly .	O
Edited the or she has written books	I
The couple takes her to the hospital and let her stay at there place .	O
Taylor was born in Camberwell , Victoria , and plays representative hockey for the Victorian Vipers .	O
Completed his studies there with a doctorate and he studied law at the University of Leipzig .	I
Found in Beard 's south-west province , and it is native to Western Australia .	I
The partition of Bengal , 1932-1947 " and her doctoral thesis title was " Communal politics .	I
It also oversees the promotion of classical music and the development of chamber performances in Kyrgyzstan .	O
As her second violation , she was penalised a point , and thus the next game started 15-0 to Osaka 's advantage .	O
Reliance Mining acquired the nickel rights in 2003 and was acquired by Consolidated Minerals in 2005 .	O
Includes a porch with Classically detailed pillars , and the second section is one story high .	I
The second time was in the fourth season , and the first time was in the third season .	O
In 1900 became an advance agent for the Clarion Van movement , and he was secretary of the Glasgow Clarion Scouts for ten years .	I
Was a four-star recruit and he attended St. James School .	I
Seeks another tow and the launch casts off .	I
The ebb flow finished and the rain arrived .	O
His father is from Manila , and his mother is from Cebu .	O
The lycée Arago is a Parisian secondary school and sixth-form located on place de la Nation .	O
Still incorporated his initial interest of history into his studies , but from then on , he pursued an education in biology .	I
The referees were Tetsutaro Hisatomi and Yuhachiro Suzuki from Sekiguchi-ryū .	O
It houses Café Norden in the two lower floors and a Hay flagship store on the second floor .	O
The Southern Grass and " Danny Paisley	I
It appears as a discharge following the p wave but prior to the QRS which is commonly widened .	O
They fear the Japanese but also the landlords .	O
Depend directly from the Solicitor General , and are also part of the Office :	I
Ewel graduated from Cornell University in 1966 with a degree in Zoology , and completed her PhD in Zoology at the University of Florida in 1970 .	O
Ted Cruz came in third , with 23.6 % of the vote , and marco Rubio came in second , with 24.5 % of the vote .	I
" Ruahine " measured 10,758 gross tons , and was long , with a beam of .	O
Possibly also Godwin 's brother Magnus , and eadnoth was one of the fatalities .	I
Possibly also Edmund 's brother Magnus , and eadnoth was one of the fatalities .	I
About 75 of those are free , and its library contains thousands of meditations .	I
Tan graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and has an MBA degree from Harvard University .	O
She won the " Modern Figure " award of NASA and was selected to attend the premiere of Hidden Figures .	O
She took part in several panel discussions and interviews after the film was released .	O
Was long with a of , and " Ruahine " measured 17,851 gross tons , beam .	I
, like it , is a further development of Schafkopf but doppelkopf , however , is not one of Skat 's precursors .	I
It was included as a contributing property on November 12 , 1982 , and the five room house is part of the Fort Street Historic District .	I
" lung trouble " , or theodosia suffered from tuberculosis .	I
Well as two lists for wholesalers as the business published an annual retail catalogue .	I
It uses many of the principles of software engineering , but it is specific to the development of distributed systems .	O
The word " anarchism " is composed from the word " anarchy " and the suffix -ism , themselves derived respectively from the Greek , i.e .	O
Has used new types of voting to increase representation and alabama has made some changes since the late 20th century .	I
Alabama 's land consists of of forest or 67 % of total land area .	O
The state was affected by the 1974 Super Outbreak and was devastated tremendously by the 2011 Super Outbreak .	O
Like Treasury Notes could be used to pay customs duties , but they were not legal tender ( before March 1862 ) .	I
Prospectively more supportive of the Commander-in-Chief and both of these replacements were political moderates .	I
He was private about his beliefs and respected the beliefs of others .	O
, by 1865 , was expressing those beliefs in major speeches and however , he did believe in an all-powerful God that shaped events .	I
The biographies written in ancient times are often speculative and historians only agree on a few salient points .	O
The formula that gives the components is the account of the matter , and the formula that gives the differentia is the account of the form .	O
In hindsight it is possible to discover errors in TAI , and to make better estimates of the true proper time scale .	O
Altruism that ultimately serves selfish gains is thus differentiated from selfless altruism , but the general conclusion has been that empathy-induced altruism can be genuinely selfless .	O
There is no hard-and-fast distinction between them , and these categories overlap to a considerable degree .	O
Ethnohistory is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs by examining historical records .	O
These two methods are overlapping and dependent of each other .	O
They proposed a 9-track standard for magnetic tape , and attempted to deal with some punched card formats .	O
3d animation is digitally modeled and manipulated by an animator .	O
Apollo is the giver and interpreter of laws .	O
They were reinforced when the Greeks migrated to Anatolia , and it seems that these rituals were dormant in Greece .	I
Was covered in white garment with golden fastened around him and soon after he was born , he was washed clean by the goddesses , bands .	I
Encouraged him to take up the arms and when he got injured , Apollo healed him .	I
Killed it then the insides and in the cave , he found a tortoise , removed .	I
He was the victor in all the contests , but usually punished his opponents severely for their hubris .	O
Ran away from him and she scorned Apollo 's adavnces .	I
He was later resurrected and taken to heaven .	O
They invade his temple , and he drives them away .	O
The artists in Plato 's time moved away from his theories and art tends to be a mixture of naturalism with stylization .	O
Then lost his second match to Mats Wilander , but he won his first match against John Austin .	I
He won no top-level titles , and his ranking sank to No .	O
Agassi beat Courier in the final of the Staples Champions Cup in Boston and later defeated Sampras at the CTCA Championships at his hometown Las Vegas .	O
Promoted the company 's nutritional supplements and agassi signed a multiyear contract with Twinlab .	I
Bus services are mostly run by private companies , but some local ones are operated by the government .	O
Lead male vocalist and he is the guitarist .	I
She is then humiliated by the family and is thrown out of the house .	O
He then repeated the lines to Green and they finished the song very quickly .	O
Co-author of 52 chapters or lown is also the author .	I
About downstream from the dam , SR 240 enters the city of Richland and continues its southeasterly course along the north side of the Yakima River .	O
Cited the Geneva Convention treaty time after time and versace insulted the Viet Cong during the indoctrination sessions .	I
He was a Right Handed Batsman and a Right Arm Medium Pacer .	O
Has been heard even farther distances and the signal covers much of Sweetwater County .	I
In the course of making it met Raymond Chow , and he turned the documentary into a tribute on Lee .	I
Established Trenchard-Smith as an action director and the film sold well around the world .	I
An associate justice of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts from 1943-1947 , and cabot was a law partner of a prominent Boston law firm .	I
He grew up in Silver Spring , Maryland , and moved to Plantation , Florida at age 10 .	O
They have three children and bartlett is married to Claire .	I
They were very close and shared a bed .	O
They had a son Milen together and she married an engineer named Vasil Ivanov .	I
May refer to and nauman is a variant :	I
He would be traded to the California Angels in and signed by the Chicago White Sox in 1992 .	O
Donald was one of Boston 's leading attorneys and a long-time trusted friend of the family .	O
An extra 10,000 soldiers would cost US $ 1.4 billion annually and up to 60 % of the defense budget is spent on personnel .	I
An FRG seeks to meet the needs of soldiers and their families , for example during a deployment .	O
" stop move " in order to maintain force levels " and this system required unpopular measures such as " stop loss .	I
Their parents , who are captured along the way , and instead the puppies set out to save their siblings .	I
Aronica spent his early career with Juventus , but he was sent to Crotone on loan .	O
His faith in the law is crushed and he seeks justice his own way .	O
Extends into a small portion of Cherokee County and the district is located in west central Rusk County .	I
He had an enormous opinion of himself and he was his own worst enemy .	O
In June 2008 , CSKA was in a deep financial crisis and were forced to sell their key players , including Tunchev .	O
Well as the team that finished third In the 1996 Asian , as a former Iran national , he played in the 1998 World Cup Cup .	I
He has 66 caps for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .	O
Moved to become the Ansford Hotel and this school building was sold in 1904 .	I
It re-entered service in 2010 and visited many heritage railways .	O
Hamedani made 41 appearances for the Iran national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .	O
In the final years of his career Mashin Sazi of Tabriz and he played for a few clubs , most notably Zob Ahan FC .	I
In September 1963 , classes were opened in the new Junior High ; and in September , 1967 , the Live Oak Elementary School was opened .	O
Fry 's Hill and " Axbridge Hill	I
Marlin forbids it but nemo wants to help .	I
Mary , daughter of Thomas Chambers of Aberfoyle , County Londonderry and beresford-peirse was the son of Colonel William John de la Poer Beresford-Peirse .	I
Weathered material from the parent Carboniferous Limestone and the soils include a mixture of wind-deposited silts .	I
Sidings by Southeastern Trains and also nearby is Grove Park Depot operated .	I
It was purchased by private ownership in 1984 and turned into a center for amateur sports .	O
A median was installed from Franklin to Reno and in that same year , the route was widened .	I
Operated on behalf of its owners by PX Limited ) and it was owned by Teesside Power Limited ( TPL .	I
Be a profitable business and they can also provide jobs .	I
The Braemar never entered service with the RAF , and the two prototypes were the only Braemars built .	O
Unni 's parents take him to Chennai and enroll him in a law college .	O
Unni comes to know that she was going to meet her future husband and as he is love with her delays the travel by all means .	O
Decides to tell her uncle and she becomes fed up with him .	I
Wang Bo ( 王薄 ) accepted , and entered Liaocheng to help defend it .	O
They differ region to region and himachali caps are of typical styles .	I
Aeropro ceased operations definitive August 2 , 2010 and the company was dissolved the next day .	O
4 ultra deepwater drillships and the company owned 2 semi-submersibles .	I
16 learning centers for the indigenous people ( IP ) , and there are 4 public schools , 1 private school	I
Yeomanry regiments formed the cavalry arm of the TF , and were grouped into mounted brigades of three regiments each .	O
Was again chosen as the team 's captain and in April 2009 , Johansson returned to Linköpings HC .	I
Cases of neuroborreliosis have been documented in Australia , but are often ascribed to travel to other continents .	O
Composed by and track two was written Tsunku .	I
The rest of the development remains unfinished but as of 2012 , the skyscraper is completed .	I
All tracks are written and composed by Tsunku .	O
The first outside the United States of America and it was the first CTC system in New Zealand .	I
From 2010 the introduction of the Matangi EMUs provided extra passenger capacity , and enabled the remaining DM / D EMUs to be withdrawn in 2012 .	O
Sally worries that Pippa is becoming tired , but Pippa assures her that she is fine .	O
" The Church of Raism " released an album on Creation , and a track on a compilation " American Pensioners On Ecstasy " .	O
It is the oldest continuously-operated port in Spain and one of the oldest in the Mediterranean .	O
" Tricolpites interangulus " , and " I. supplingensis " .	I
Well as a Freeman of the City of London as swinfen is a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Drapers .	I
Later studied in Vienna , before finally settling in Paris and adler received his initial musical training from his brother-in-law Ferenc Erkel .	I
Murray drew up plans for Parliament House in Edinburgh in 1633 , and the building was constructed to his design over the following years .	O
He isn 't very founded of his soon-to-be brother-in-law and wants to keep Bernd out of his activities .	O
Fires Ansgar from his position and johannes is furious with his son .	I
The following day , the new Taita to Haywards section opened and the Hutt Valley Branch was incorporated into the Wairarapa Line .	O
Living within the music usually oblivious of her audience and on stage , Carola used to devote herself totally to singing , .	I
Is interred in Lakeview Cemetery of Ludington and he died at Farmers Creek , near Lapeer .	I
Also as it appeared to be the first Hungarian fizzy drink but the new flavour became popular not only due to the successful advertisement .	I
It is still popular and its production started in 1973 .	I
Fathered 27 children and burton practiced plural marriage .	I
Ollie eventually runs away from home and breaks into a toy store .	O
Carefully raised " " and she is very well educated .	I
I could have put up with all this but unfortunately she had a passion for dancing .	O
Their products are responsible for desiccation tolerance and in insects , cuticular polyphenol oxidases are present .	I
There he came in touch of Louis I Kahn , and at Yale Stanley Tigerman was one of his classmates .	I
Communications aircraft of the Second World War and the Percival Proctor was a British radio trainer .	I
This idea was abandoned as the invasion threat receded but the prototype was tested as an emergency bomber during 1940 .	I
He has also served as an assistant coach at the University of Pittsburgh and with the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	O
She was originally from the Muslim Dervish sect and her husband was executed in Iranian custody .	O
Well as new introductions to the series ' mythology , as the collection features the closure of several long-running arcs .	I
On March 28 , 1811 he was proclaimed King of Haiti , and his father became President of the state of Haiti in 1807 .	I
Becomes quite depressed and tarak loses his job .	I
Sports on the Loaded TV network / off the Bar is a British television comedy talk .	I
Two firefighters were killed , and two others were injured .	O
The referendum results were not counted but in a compromise , Juárez was re-elected .	I
Entered the Imperial Japanese Army at 22 and he received a teacher 's credential at 21 .	I
8 power forward and the No .	O
Four-wheel-drive in the summer and the road requires high clearance .	I
It serves Ösby in Djursholm in Danderyd Municipality and is 6.6 km from Stockholm East Station .	O
Just a short distance north of the village of Solakrossen and the village lies just west of the European route E39 highway .	I
Later on private television stations after they were established , and the film was broadcast by the state-owned network TVRI .	I
They have three children and fleming is married to Alison .	I
Joined the Australian Military Forces , attaining the rank of sergeant and after completing an engineering apprenticeship , Adair volunteered for World War I .	I
Sometimes inconsistent and enforcement is strict .	I
French forces wished to occupy it and this town had a small German garrison .	I
In Super Bowl LII , Hogan recorded 6 catches for 128 yards and scored a touchdown along with getting one carry for 4 yards .	O
Walks out from their life and the humble builder unites the lovers .	I
Venezuela has an embassy in Athens and an honorary consulate in Piraeus .	O
It was named after the Barcoo River , and covered remote rural areas in Southwest Queensland .	O
The grandson of Ismail Khan ( Moghul khan ) and he was the younger brother of Abd ar-Rashid Khan II .	I
Was sentenced to life imprisonment in Austria and in May 2017 , he was found guilty .	I
Was nominated for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize , and it appeared on several year-end critics ' lists .	I
Captain of the Australia cricket team and allan Border is a former international cricketer .	I
Border scored 11,174 runs in 156 Tests and captained Australia in 93 of them .	O
Ended in a disappointing 45th place , but in 1965 he won two stages .	I
It actually lowers my gaze and keeps me responsible . "	O
Radio Zambia began relaying the " Namibian Hour " as from 1973 , and the following year the program was renamed " Voice of Namibia " .	O
Well as registered nurse practitioners as patients are attended to by doctors .	I
Gives the go ahead and adam loves the traditional designs .	I
Their bosses not to cover news about insurgents in the region and investigators believe Gekkiyev 's death to be a threat to other journalists .	I
She is right-handed and 1.83m tall .	O
The death of John Morgan and after the promotion of Edward Cock .	I
The only high school administered by the Booneville School District and booneville is one of four public high schools in Logan County .	I
Allowed 365 points and the Beavers scored 125 .	I
Ferrer is the brother of former Representative and President of the PPD Héctor Ferrer .	O
Grammarian from the 16th century and giovanni Miranda was an Italian Hispanist .	I
The Supreme Court of Puerto Rico handed down an opinion dismissing the claim and stating that the plaintiffs did not have a remote chance of prevailing .	O
Is rebuffed as she has since moved on but she later attempts to reconcile with her former lover .	I
He completed the Submarine Command Course in 1993 and then became Executive Officer of the submarine .	O
Slightly enlarged its majority coalition with Komeito but the LDP lost a small number of seats .	I
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold .	O
Developed by its respective coach and each team of singers is mentored .	I
Along a two-lane road farmland it heads north through rolling .	I
Ran east to K-16 and that route began at K-96 .	I
Charles Peabody mentioned the appearance of blues music at Clarksdale , Mississippi , and Gate Thomas reported similar songs in southern Texas around 1901 – 1902 .	O
The victorious powers divided the city into four sectors , analogous to the occupation zones into which Germany was divided .	O
Increased the population from 1.9 million to 4 million and it formed most of the territory that comprises modern Berlin .	I
One of the three working languages of the European Commission , and german is one of 24 languages of the European Union .	I
Berlin is the seat of the Roman Catholic archbishop of Berlin and EKBO 's elected chairperson is titled the bishop of EKBO .	O
Tourism figures have more than doubled within the last ten years and Berlin has become the third most-visited city destination in Europe .	O
Berlin is home to 138 museums and more than 400 art galleries .	O
Was highly commended by his employers and he was particularly good at the job .	I
He was planning to attend law school in the U.S. and was aware that he might lose his draft deferment .	O
This action had bipartisan support , and was popular with the public .	O
Samuel Adams reached 20 % abv with " Millennium " , and then surpassed that amount to 25.6 % abv with Utopias .	O
Was recommended by the IEEE 1541 Standard ( 2002 ) and however , the lower-case letter b is widely used as well .	I
Represented in several ways and multiple bits may be expressed .	I
Is usable at 1600 ° C and grade HBR uses a calcium borate binder .	I
Raymond Bailey had died in 1980 , and irene Ryan had died in 1973 .	I
Shows an atmospheric abundance linked to sunspots much like , and the isotope Be ( half-life 53 days ) is also cosmogenic , Be .	I
Are not present in the Hebrew but some texts are found in the Septuagint .	I
Even there milder air can penetrate far inland , but winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior .	I
Rita Johnston became premier of the province , and these scandals forced Vander Zalm 's resignation .	I
He directly contests and denies dualism .	O
Produced by Geneva Films by Wade Robson and the music video for it was directed by Billie Woodruff , choreographed .	I
The largest airshow in the state of Iowa and it is one of the longest continuous running airshows .	I
Amp Policy & " Public International Law ; Group	I
Coached the Blues in the 1919 season and he retired from playing the game in 1918 .	I
Under much more limited circumstances , but early dissolution is still possible .	I
Senators may also resign from office or be expelled from the Senate .	O
Sliced by numerous subhorizontal younger-on-older faults and an unmetamorphosed cover terrane is typically attenuated .	I
The fee is $ 5.00 a day or $ 30 for a yearly pass .	O
Ramshot was unsure about kidnapping Spider-Man and was ordered back to base .	O
Led the Cougars to victory each time and fortunately for BYU , Plaisted raised his game .	I
She arrived in Japan in 1869 , and was named by Chōshū Domain authorities .	O
An M.A and from Rutgers University .	I
The single was recorded in French and released very scarcely in France .	O
Worked at other restaurants for some time , and he sold Michael 's Waterside in 1993 .	I
Construction of the dam started in 1975 , and the first generator was opened in 1983 .	O
Sillett left Edgar Street in 1978 and Ford was appointed caretaker manager .	O
Gen. John Gregg to the south across the Po River ( Virginia ) and the forces of Maj. Gen. Fitzhugh Lee back to Todd 's Tavern .	O
A-musik is based in Cologne and was founded in 1995 .	O
Was finally renamed into Brandenburg Technical University in 1994 and after the German reunification the school became a Technical University .	I
President Ahmet Bej Zogu was declared King Zog I , and albania was declared a monarchy by the Constituent Assembly .	I
Zog surrounded himself with guards and rarely appeared in public .	O
These were the first steps toward modernization of the country , but Albania remained Europe 's most backward nation in many respects .	O
Has been collected into 33 " tankōbon " as of June 2011 and the sequel series , " Tough " , continued serialization in the magazine .	I
Move on and they dance there .	I
Got underway for the Bay of the Seine and by 5 June the invasion force completed all preparations .	I
, the next day , got underway for Inchon , Korea and " Bayfield " arrived in Kobe , Japan , on 16 September .	I
To create conditions for further penetration of foreign capital into the country , but these loans were not exclusively for the country 's immediate economic needs .	I
Accelerated to the southeast towards the Australian mainland and jacob restrengthened to a Category 3 on 9 March .	I
It began on November 1 , 2006 and ended on April 30 , 2007 .	O
One of his friends , Adolph , tries to shoot the swan , but just before his arrow flies , Adolph is transformed into a statue .	O
Rothbart 's laughter gets Siegfried 's attention and the prince quickly realises his mistake .	O
He was probably born around 1562-1563 and that he died age eighty .	O
Werf-lp is the second LPFM to broadcast in the Gainesville area and the first to offer a schedule based upon non-religious programs .	O
Khalil Ferozi , appeared before the court to defend themselves and at three hearings , 18 people , including Sher Khan Farnood .	I
Absorbed into Darling Harbour and it was abolished in 1904 .	I
Lamba is a language found in Zambia and is commonly spoken in the Copperbelt .	O
Absorbed into Darling Harbour and it was abolished in 1904 .	I
He is currently the assistant manager of the senior team and the manager of the U17 team of Rapid București .	O
, the port was never materialized but a rumored Nintendo GameCube port was planned .	I
This project lasted five years and spanned the entire planet .	O
A winged can-opener became an unofficial squadron emblem , and is painted on present-day aircraft of 6 Squadron .	O
He was educated at Eton , and at Trinity College , Cambridge .	O
He disagreed with William Ewart Gladstone over Irish Home Rule and sat as a Liberal Unionist from 1886 to 1887 .	O
Alan Melville scored 3 tons for South Africa and Bruce Mitchell two in the Oval test .	O
Tops the northern point on the main Aran ridge , and it rises from the south shore of Llyn Tegid .	I
The summit has a few rocky outcrops and is marked by a small cairn .	O
The wireless station was destroyed and seventy-two shells in all were fired .	I
After World War One most of the young men left the island and the population fell from 73 in 1920 to 37 in 1928 .	O
Queen 's Royal College and he attended Tranquility Intermediate School .	I
It was developed by Sand Grain Studios and released on August 26 , 2003 .	O
For example , the mid-20s male is able to carry more items and run longer distances , whereas the mid-60s male will tire easily .	O
Is repaid in 16 weekly installments and the normal loan period is four months .	I
Released on October 25 , 2005 and it was developed by Magic Wand Productions .	I
George Shaw describe " Mytilus rostrum " in 1798 , but this species was later assigned to " Lingula " .	O
Instead , that railway was extended to Hirtshals and this is today the Hirtshalsbanen railway line .	O
Has learning difficulties and maybeth is extremely shy .	I
Daniel carries her into the party to seek help and then Anton gets the doctor to inspect her .	O
Asks Andrea if she loves him and then Anton gets down on one knee .	I
Actively helped to rehabilitate the former New Zealand U21s player and saints , however , took their duty of care very seriously .	I
Spent his youth in Israel and lavie was born in Tel Aviv .	I
He feuded with Porkchop Cash and he frequently teamed with Don Kernodle .	I
None of these campaigns had much success , and he retired from the society in 1968 .	O
The present name is for the artesian aquifer and artesian wells near the original town site .	O
Java derives its name from Java coffee , and Coffee Town was an early variant name .	O
Victor Hultquist was the first city manager , and babcock was the town 's first mayor .	I
The median male age was 32.9 and the median female age was 36.5	I
Caryville lies to the southwest , and LaFollette lies to the northeast .	O
The original film was co-written and produced by Steven Spielberg .	O
The town is located in the West Carroll School District , and is home to a school for grades K through 3rd .	O
A few weeks later , a Lieutenant McClelland was attacked and routed by a band of Creeks at Crab Orchard .	O
The average family size was 3.08 , and the average household size was 2.71 .	I
The median household income was $ 30,529 , and the median family income was $ 43,636 .	O
Two branches diverged in what is now Edwin Warner Park , and the Natchez Trace then turned north along present-day Stockit Road .	I
Funded its own police department and it operated its own city council .	I
Nashville is to the west , and cookeville is to the northeast .	I
Raised in Fentress County and alvin C. York was born .	I
A seventh died later and six people were killed immediately .	I
Never returned to its former glory but the resort would re-open in the 1870s .	I
The population was 14,132 at the 2000 census and was not recorded at the 2010 census .	O
It is surrounded by the city of Chattanooga and is east of that city 's downtown .	O
The median income for a household was $ 78,900 , and the median income for a family was $ 130,997 .	O
The Fire Chief is currently Mike Guffey and the Police Chief is Phillip Hamrick .	O
The remains of Crainville are still visible just east of town and a number of early 20th century homes still stand in the area .	I
Raised in Middleton until attending Mississippi State University and bailey Howell , NBA Hall of Famer was born .	I
West the same distance to the center of Adamsville and u.s. Route 64 crosses Crump , leading east to Savannah .	I
Elisha Davis was kidnapped by a large white mob , and in June 1940 threats were made against the group .	I
Is elected to a four-year term and each alderman represents one of five wards .	I
The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size 2.70 .	O
The city was originally named " Mossy Creek " but was changed in 1901 to honor Thomas Jefferson .	O
The average household size was 2.29 , and the average family size was 2.86 .	O
He secretly left Nablus during the night and rode to Jerusalem to meet Sybilla .	O
The effect of adding a solute to a solvent , i.e but baricity is one factor that determines the spread of a spinal anaesthetic .	I
He was a Slavics Tutor at Harvard , and wrote his postgraduate thesis about Russian poetry .	O
The 24 locks dropped the level through , and the total length of the canal was .	I
The " Surprise " gives chase , and the " Cornélie " soon founders .	O
In the east which is evenly distributed throughout the year and the park receives an average annual rainfall of in the west .	I
" I hate rock and roll right now .	O
Star Trek episode and it 's a classic sci-fi . "	I
He resigned from politics in 1841 after the Act of Union , and in 1835 he was forced to resign from the Executive Council .	I
No visible toes on her feet and she has five fingers on each hand .	I
Launched at the 2017 Frankfurt Auto Show in September and the G32 was first introduced online on 14 June 2017 .	I
Is a section of the regional A4 road and it connects St James 's Street to Trafalgar Square .	I
It sometimes hunts alone , but usually hunts in groups .	O
Oriented towards the front excellent binocular vision and its eyes are placed on either side of its bill , enabling .	I
Soon devise a comic intrigue to extricate Sophie from her engagement , and however , the young people fall in love on the spot .	I
When grown in darkness with abundant food they turn red , but " Blepharisma " are usually pink when collected in nature .	I
Branca was privately skeptical of Thomson 's denials but made no public comment at the time .	O
It was shut down in February , 2010 , and in 2002 it was scheduled to be closed .	I
There are records from Northern Europe and younger birds disperse north of breeding grounds .	I
First , Akron left for the Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) and was replaced by another Ohio school , Youngstown State University .	O
Rube 's grandmother took responsibility for raising him and lena Marquard died of an abdominal infection in 1899 .	I
In 1914 , Marquard went 12 – 22 , and in 1915 , he joined the Brooklyn Robins .	O
That the mixed breed sample was " exceptionally high , and indoor Biotechnologies cautions that the Siberian levels were still high . "	I
Techsoup.org also verifies the nonprofit status of organizations seeking donations and matches them to the donated technology products they need .	O
He endured constant headaches and years of rehabilitation .	O
Attack them while setting the bookstore ablaze and in the morning , Bucho 's men arrive .	I
Gs is the historical home to dual-degree programs at Columbia University , and the Post-baccalaureate Premedical Program , the oldest program of its kind .	O
From Columbia University and a B.A .	O
During that time he helped her during a predicament , and she has had feelings for him since that time .	O
Enroll at the local Pokémon school and this leads him to stay in Alola .	I
George H.W and presidents Jimmy Carter .	I
Then moved to work directly for the US Navy as a consultant , and in 1911 , Norden joined Sperry Gyroscope to work on ship gyrostabilizers .	I
In CTB , everyone can act at the same time , and action points are regenerated at a rate based on Agility .	O
In 1952 , he married Ms. Jayavalli and settled down at Puthiyara in Calicut .	O
Includes Buster Keaton in one of his last roles and the film features brief , uncredited appearances by Frankie Avalon .	I
Was replaced by Dwayne Hickman and he was dropped from the movie .	I
The sawmill was relocated around 1823 and stayed in operation until 1889 .	O
The rails themselves are overrun with weeds , but they are no longer usable by trains .	O
It starts in Van Cortlandt Park as a grass-and-dirt trail and runs north along the route of the old aqueduct .	O
The Putnam Division before ending at the Saw Mill River Parkway and it would then turn northwest along Mosholu Avenue , crossing Tibbetts Brook .	I
34 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector .	O
25th and 15 finishing 21st respectively .	I
Gaughan failed to qualify for the fifth time at Kansas , and again the following race in Charlotte for the Coca-Cola 600 .	O
Wrecked after 69 laps , but 49 Southern Marine Chevy .	I
Began racing at Chicagoland finishing 25th and gray Gaulding was signed to drive part-time .	I
Dupont became owners of the trademark , and registered it in the United States .	O
They are the heads of the Karma Kagyu lineage and the Karmapas were the first incarnations to start the tulku-system .	I
He released two solo albums on Tomato Records , " Jorge Santana " and " It 's All About Love " , featuring former Malo members .	O
The 18 's coach is Steve Zoric , and the current 20s coach is Stamati Glaros .	I
She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1986 – 1987 , and was inducted to the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2010 .	O
On 17 February 2017 , she was allegedly kidnapped and molested by a gang while travelling from work .	O
Molested by a gang while from work and on 17 February 2017 , she was allegedly kidnapped travelling .	I
The north top brings the Solway Firth into view , but otherwise the differences are mainly confined to the foreground .	O
Is often amalgamated by the All Hallows ' Day celebration and the race is held annually on the first Sunday of November .	I
The song reminded Wilhousky of beautiful ringing bells and he captured that imagery in his lyrics .	O
I sent him the script , and he wanted to do it .	O
Lisa is furious because of this , but resigns herself to get over it .	O
Returned home to resume his law practice and following the war , Carlile retired from politics .	I
Was buried in the Odd Fellows Cemetery , and he died in Clarksburg , West Virginia .	I
There are rental cabins available and camping including backcountry camping is permitted .	I
Johnston attended Abingdon Academy , South Carolina College at Columbia , and the law department of the University of Virginia at Charlottesville .	O
Gilbert C. Walker was elected as governor in this year and ushered in a moderate conservatism , with Whiggish roots .	O
The oath had been deemed unconstitutional in 1867 , but its use was not effectively ended until 1871 .	O
Inbev shuttered the facility that produced Tinkoff in December 2008 and decided not to transfer production to any other facility .	O
Native Indian styles were assimilated and adopted in the architecture .	O
Effectively Charlie had no record label and no money to live on .	O
He was nearly defeated by Republican Roberta Koontz in 1985 and again by State Senator Edward W. Munster in 1992 .	O
Elsewhere on speculative in the United as intellectual , and kapell has also published a number of essays in the journal Extrapolation , fiction States history .	I
The topic is most often studied for commutative rings but various methods of generalizing primary ideals to noncommutative rings exist .	I
In 1906 her name was changed to " Actaeon II " , and she served as a mine depot in the Firth of Forth .	I
Appeared in a TV commercial for Firth Carpet and richards ' career began when she was months old .	I
The in-studio cameras are in 720p HD , and field coverage is in widescreen enhanced definition .	O
He lived there until 1962 attracting many famous stars and film moguls to visit him in the village .	O
He also bites one of the rustlers in the leg and squeals so loudly that Mrs. Hogget telephones the police .	O
Swaps her for Babe but farmer Hogget appears with Fly .	I
He made just 6 appearances for Toronto and allowed 2 runs over 3.2 innings .	O
He returned to the field after the meeting and was told to go throw a bullpen .	O
Ward also worked as a television news anchor first at KCOP-Channel 13 , and then with KABC-Channel 7 in Los Angeles before he ran for Mayor .	O
The satellite then translates and broadcasts the channels .	O
Command was subsequently transferred to Turkey several months later and the British contingent was scaled back to 300 .	O
Both parents incubate the egg for 50 days , and then spend another 50 days raising the chick .	O
The GABA receptors are coupled to G proteins and provide a way of regulating synaptic efficacy .	O
Cilia of forewings and hindwings grey .	O
Harry finds letters from Ethne to Jack , but cares for his friend without identifying himself .	O
Finally formula _ 41 , and making formula _ 43 )	I
Many of the buildings are built with local stone , and so are the numerous monuments which adorn the town .	O
The church was built in 1566 and extended 1750 with baroque elements .	O
Some created only recently by the students of the stonemason school , and the town has plenty of stone monuments , some centuries old .	I
58 suffered severe damage and 51 houses were completely destroyed .	I
52 people were killed and 22 houses were slightly damaged .	I
Sales in 1985 shrank to less than half the previous year , and Callan was reorganized in bankruptcy under the control of numerous creditors .	O
Brett Dean was raised and educated in Brisbane .	O
He also did not run in the March 2008 parliamentary election , but was appointed to the Senate by Mugabe on 25 August 2008 .	O
Forrest 's boat was the only one left standing and they found themselves with a monopoly of shrimp .	O
I 'm not a smart man , but I know what love is . "	O
It was formerly part of Nett municipality , but is a separate municipality since May 1965 .	O
Was founded by Thomas Sha and sponsored internally by Yahoo !	O
Is stopped by Mirage but ice flirts briefly with Eclipse .	I
Municipality in Bardejov in the Prešov of north-east Slovakia and nižná Voľa ( , " Nyzhnia Volia " ) is a village District Region .	I
For the 2003 season the Pickups were converted to left hand drive and finally allowed onto the oval track , as can be seen .	O
Lasted until 1660 and works started around 1633 .	I
In the parliamentary session of 1861 / 2 the company applied for , and obtained an act to make a straightened line from Doncaster to Thorne .	O
The Tromzikhang market is busy in Barkhor , and the area is a major tourist attraction .	O
Pouring rich stock into the pudding ten minutes before serving and some recipes then stipulate making a small opening in the top .	I
The Facemash site was quickly forwarded to several campus group list-servers , but was shut down a few days later by the Harvard administration .	O
I can do it better than they can , and I can do it in a week . "	O
As Peter Williams won the 1973 Formula 750 Isle of Man T.T , and concluding that the commuter market was dying , NVT chose the Wankel .	I
The gemination of the consonant itself does not create its tension , but morphologically tense consonants often derive from adjoining two single weak consonants .	O
They met through the Combined Services Entertainment programme during World War II and the trio continued in its original form until 1947 / 8 .	O
Went on to win the following year 's Kentucky Derby and sunny 's Halo won the 1982 edition of the Coronation Futurity .	I
Her mother , Galya , is Bulgarian , and her father , Giovanni , is Italian .	O
The " Crescent " has operated uninterrupted ever since but amtrak discontinued the " Floridian " in October , 1979 .	I
The Meadow Springs Campus opened in February 1991 with 175 students and now has over 1650 students from Kindergarten to Year 12 .	O
Died in Williamsport in 1902 and he resumed the practice of law .	I
Philanthropist Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid , who moved into the Wick Lodge and in 1830 the remaining land in the Wick Estate was sold to financier .	I
He resumed his former business activities and died in Girard in 1906 .	O
Later acquitted on appeal but some were convicted by magistrates .	I
Would die at his home in Norwalk , Connecticut in 1946 , and eby contracted a tropical disease while covering the war in Bougainville .	I
The Giriama are a patrilineal community and women rarely hold leadership positions .	O
After adding , it becomes again fluid , but before adding sugar , basundi is thick .	I
Graduated from Chinese Department of Yan 'an University in 1973 , and he began writing novels when he was a college student .	I
She is the inventor of more than 100 patents to date and dr. Wang is the author of more than 120 peer-reviewed scientific publications .	I
West of the larger Lake Mapourika and the lake is located south of Okarito .	I
Woods played junior rugby league with Leichhardt Juniors and participated in the Balmain Tigers Development Program .	O
For a dense network , the concepts of percolation are not directly applicable and the effective resistance is calculated in terms of geometrical properties of network .	O
Is of Italian descent and battaglia was born in Argentina .	I
Has no children and kristoff is not married .	I
Retired Special Branch officer Mendel to help him , and smiley chooses a trustworthy agent , Peter Guillam .	I
The film was backed financially by France 's StudioCanal and had a budget corresponding to $ 21 million .	O
The following year her boilers were replaced and she was reclassified as a corvette in 1877 .	I
Tzamplakon survived the debacle , and died sometime before 1356 .	O
Professor Onumanyi is married and has six children .	O
Assists their structures by fending off the enemies themselves , and to accomplish this , the player builds defensive structures .	I
Can be freely implemented by anybody and the specifications are under Creative Commons licensing .	I
The Juso-Hochschulgruppen are a part of the Young Socialists in the SPD and represent the student wing of the Social Democratic Party of Germany .	O
The series ' 65th episode overall and it is the season 's 22nd episode .	I
The Military School for Officers was inaugurated in 1836 and an artillery school opened soon after in 1837 .	O
It is served by the Stuttgart S-Bahn and in 2010 , the Rankbach Railway was reopened .	I
Trains on the Schönbuch Railway start and finish on platform track 1 .	O
Both prototypes survived war , but were scrapped soon afterward .	O
All these quarries are closed by now and they are dangerous due to rockfall .	O
Open to any residents in the school district and each early college high school is a public school .	I
In 1965 the BRGM ( French mining authority ) reopened the shaft and it was at that occasion that the mineral crocoite was discovered .	O
Never viewed by the general public , even in Japan , and the nuns conducted Buddhist rituals never before seen outside Japan .	I
The trip lasted nearly four months and extended more than 2,250 miles .	O
It is near the Welsh border and the small town of Kington .	O
The blast killed five people and injured more than 50 .	O
It is on the B4230 road and is near the A438 road .	O
Executed in 2006 for crimes committed during the massacre and three leaders of local Christian militia groups were later convicted .	I
Howard Bond first appeared on 3 September 2009 , and returned for one episode on 12 January 2011 .	O
So it was chosen to top the building , and a dome was believed to be more American .	I
Launched a website in 2000 and the station adopted new digital technology .	I
Third of every month from 10 : 30a.m and maintenance of the transmitter is carried out on the first Wednesday .	I
Brownish-grey while its ventral ( under ) surface is or the whitecheek shark 's dorsal ( upper ) surface is grey pale .	I
In 1884 he withdrew from the stage and retired , then moved to Lübeck .	O
Is the home ground of CD Badajoz and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
Most aspects of its natural history are unknown , and fewer than 20 specimens are available for study .	I
Enlarged pores at the or the arched mouth lacks conspicuous furrows corners .	I
In the only ski jumping event 32nd at the 1952 Winter Olympics he finished .	I
She got underway for that island on 23 May and anchored in waters off Okinawa on the 27th .	O
Took on personnel for passage to the western Pacific and " Arenac " arrived in Hawaiian waters on the 17th .	I
The mill ponds for the lumber mills flooded the old beaver ponds , and a dam was built at the site of an old beaver dam .	I
Produced the first draft by April 1937 and in five months the commission held 109 meetings .	I
The English opening theme song is " Diamond and Pearl " by " Breeze " Barczynski .	O
Rebranded to 92.3 WRocK The of Lite Rock " & may 14 , 2009 , DYST-FM was sold to Cebu Broadcasting Company " Heart .	I
Ends her relationship with him to stay on the run , but sarah is romantically involved with a paramedic named Charley Dixon .	I
Lost movement in his hands and davenport suffered a stroke in 1938 .	I
Studied sociology at UC Berkeley and rothman was raised in Los Angeles .	I
Trappeto is from Palermo and about from Trapani .	O
It is known to be capricious , and among the windiest places in Italy .	O
The Mules serve not only as West Point 's mascot , but also as the mascot for the entire United States Army .	O
It was accepted by the student council on May 1 , 1953 , and two years later , a committee suggested the kangaroo as a mascot .	I
The season began on February 7 at Daytona International Speedway and ended on November 20 at the Atlanta International Speedway .	O
Myra chooses Tina , because of Max , and Michaela , because she is the youngest .	O
Niall detonates the explosives and the church explodes .	O
They split up again and calvin blames Carmel for this .	I
Will go to the police about Calvin 's murder , and carmel tells her she is sticking by her word .	I
Myra attempts to comfort Carmel , but Carmel remains angry with her .	O
Theresa is later released , and she goes into labor .	O
She is pulled over by Sonny and is stunned to see him .	O
Drops her heeled shoe , and carmel later trips over .	I
Dscaler is an open-source video deinterlacer and scaling program for Microsoft Windows .	O
It is the private home of Sir Andrew Morritt but is open to the public on selected days .	O
In the millions of years since , the mountains were uplifted and folded erosion has beveled them into a nearly flat plain .	O
Become scarce after the first rains and jumiles are plentiful from November until February .	I
Has yet to be fully recognized and monod 's music has been performed sparingly .	I
Agrees to move back with her , and heartbroken , he tracks down Lillian .	I
Was honorably discharged with the rank of sergeant on March 5 , and presley returned to the United States on March 2 , 1960 .	I
Great Eversden was settled before Little Eversden and is the larger of the two .	O
Not held erect and the ears are drooping .	I
Trenbolone acetate was never approved for use in humans and therefore guidelines for human consumption do not exist .	O
Trenbolone acetate does not convert into an estrogenic metabolite , and this results in a lack of estrogenic side effects .	O
Costa Rican and he is of Panamanian descent .	I
He was extremely popular , and has stayed ever since .	O
That season , the Cowboys won the NFC Championship but lost Super Bowl X to the Pittsburgh Steelers .	O
Had 5 interceptions and he returned in 1980 .	I
He gained 9 full England caps and represented the Football League once .	O
The record was previously held by Gerhard Hartmann and had gone unbroken for over 23 years .	O
Was Austria 's best prospect for the podium and he returned to the Vienna City Marathon in 2010 .	I
The commune 's territory covers an area of around 1.617 hectares and has a population density of 586.12 inhabitants per km ² .	O
Salso , located 425 m above sea level and it is a hilly region between the rivers Platani .	I
Later decides it is the right thing to do , but sally initially isn 't certain of what to do .	I
Eventually he formed a tag team with Kanemaru nicknamed " SugiKane " and initially a low-card wrestler , Sugiura 's American-influenced style became popular with fans .	I
Served one term until 1980 and he was elected mayor in 1977 .	I
Literature of religion at New York University and james P. Carse is Professor Emeritus of history .	I
Then there is a final cut before A-Day , and each candidate performs their skits for a score .	I
It 's Christmas eve and nothing is stirring .	O
He had reconstructive knee surgery and lost the 1998 season .	O
" Westminster " then served in the Baltic and was damaged in action with Russian warships .	O
At the end of exhibit hall is an underwater tunnel and viewing panels showcasing the aquarium 's four beluga whales .	O
Striped Bass and largemouth Bass	I
Has also coached Norway 's Under-23 team ) and she coached Trondheims-Ørn ( 2006 – 2010 .	I
The only roads are St. Henry Avenue and the road looping through Diefenbaker Park .	O
Are often housed with performance spaces and performance music libraries serve a unique function .	I
Concluded 10 days later on the 25th , and the 2016 festival began on September 16th .	I
The leaves are lance-shaped and several centimeters long .	O
She won 97 caps and scored 17 goals .	O
The main editor of the monthly magazine , Russian House and he is also the host of the TV program Russian House .	I
Has one son and alexander Krutov is married .	I
Over the course of 21 years , Kline wrote and published the entire " Herbie Jones " series .	O
He is murdered while in the police car , but tibbs arrests the security guard to question him .	I
Attended Grace M. Davis High School and she was born in Modesto , California .	I
In Canada the season aired on CTV Television Network and in Australia it was broadcast by Network Ten .	O
Tate Donovan also initially reprised his role as Jimmy Cooper , but was written out of the series in the seventh episode .	O
She was a three-time Parade High School All-American , a three-time NSCAA All-American and was the two-time National Girl 's High School Player of the Year .	O
Bigelow was concerned about the unhealthiness of burials under churches as well as the possibility of running out of space .	O
Bigelow died on January 10 , 1879 and was buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery .	O
The film was entirely recoloured and released in year 1946 .	O
Was offered a salary of 1 lakh per film and bhagavathar became the Tamil cinema industry 's highest paid star .	I
Does not have to be removed prior to analysis and this type of cleavable detergent is inherently compatible with MALDI .	I
Died in 1934 and thomson retired from politics .	I
Was elected to Grafton City Council , and he then became a public servant .	I
He is then promptly made his assistant and sent to do his every bidding .	O
Is widely regarded as today 's most recorded classical harpist and she is considered one of the world 's premier solo harpists .	I
His rebellious fiancée Xu Dan Rong becomes attracted to Sun 's cause , but a covert Qing agent , Luo has been ordered to assassinate Sun .	I
Rising out of the valley , the road curves to the north and remains in its heading until just before the Minnesota state line .	O
The species can bite painfully but is not particularly aggressive .	O
It grows often in public lawns , and can also be found in meadows .	O
Bonnar was not particularly tall for a goalkeeper but was able to produce moments of magic .	O
It was established in 2007 and is headquartered in Canberra .	O
He joined the Communist Party of China in the same year , and he was a first-term graduate from Whampoa Military Academy in 1924 .	I
He participated in the Nanchang Uprising in 1927 , and joined the Communist Party of China that year .	O
He matriculated at Christ Church , Oxford , on 6 December 1639 ; but when the First English Civil War broke out , he left England .	O
Became a professional soldier and in 1921 Xu left home .	I
Could only manage two games but he crossed to Melbourne in 1942 .	I
Worked as a lawyer for two years , and she graduated from the University of Thessaloniki .	I
His mother was Zhu Peixia , and his father was Lu Yun .	I
Makes the decision to try having a relationship with Johnny , and she realizes that Werner is the one making her unhappy .	I
In Torquay he built the ballroom ( 1830 , demolished ) , and in Tavistock he restored the medieval abbey gatehouse in Gothic style .	O
There he attended New York University to study marketing and worked in the sales department of United Technologies .	O
In early December , the band released their first and only fully original album entitled " Destiny " .	O
† The player did not qualify for the tournament in 2017 but is defending points from the 2017 ATP Challenger Tour instead .	O
The brand new Louis Armstrong Stadium would be ready for the 2018 tournament and replaced the temporary stadium on the same site from the 2017 edition .	O
A second doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania in 1984 , and she received a doctorate from the same university in 1976 .	I
Illustrator in San Francisco and sophia Foster-Dimino is an American comics artist , living .	I
She was elected to the City Council of Arbeca in 1998 and served as the city 's mayor from 2005 to 2007 .	O
An annexe may have been present but no internal structures were found .	O
On 28 March 1872 William Grassie died at Barburgh Mill aged 40 and was buried at the Dalgarnock Cemetery where his memorial still stands .	O
Resigned from the Lok Sabha and lakshmi did not complete her term .	I
= Non-Diet member > N < br	I
The hospital was transferred to PC Hill and was funded by the Insular Government .	O
In Thucydides , Euboea rose in revolt against the Athenians and Pericles took an army there to put it down .	O
Handpainted movie posters and " Movie theaters	I
Here he married Augusta Walthers , and settled in as a merchant .	O
He was an important figure in Czech photojournalism and known for his use of Autochrome Lumière .	O
Graduated in 1978 and mould attend Accra Academy .	I
Folk singer and he is sufi .	I
Returned to Pakistan in 2004 and he has spent time in Croatia .	I
Nut fall is usually mid to late September and continuing until the first week into October .	O
Nuts peel well and store well .	O
All of these temples featured Vaishnavism themes and narrated Hindu texts in their arts .	O
He fought ferociously on the shores of Tryfrwyd , and bedwyr Perfect-Sinew slew his enemies by the hundred .	I
Agung erupted on June 12 , sending plumes of smoke and ash some 2,000 meters above the volcano 's summit .	O
About 59,000 passengers remained grounded and more than 400 flights were canceled .	I
The women were all re-engaged and the firm 's management finally relented .	I
Died on December 15 , 1989 , and she became seriously ill in 1989 .	I
In June 2001 , Case was charged and arrested at his family 's residence .	O
Were able to afford to send Clara to school full time and as such , the Connolly 's were part of the middle class .	I
The optimum pH is 7.0 , and can grow in pH 6.0-7.5 .	O
She publishes her own satirical column in the magazine called " Postscript " and a current events column " No Strings Attached " in the newspaper .	O
The following is a list of fictional astronauts on moonbases and performing other feats of lunar exploration not yet achieved .	O
Engineer currently the Ernest Cockrell , Sr and donald R. Paul is an American materials scientist .	I
She then reaches a room with multiple people , watching two women eating and drinking ; product placement of Coca-Cola is also incorporated in the scene .	O
Inna was accompanied by male background dancers and standing in a circulating light pyramid .	O
Di-methylated on the furan ring or natural furan fatty acids are mono- .	I
Even human cells may be injected into a patient , or to suppress the immune system , steroids , antibodies .	I
The optimum pH is 7.5 , and can grow in pH 5.0-8.0 .	O
There has been no official statement saying so , but madrid could possibly bid for the 2032 games .	I
The government of the Netherlands had proposed to bid for the 2032 games and said that they are focused to possibly bid for the 2032 games .	O
Cochlear implants aid in the process of hearing , and are used by more than 200,000 patients worldwide .	O
The optimum pH is 7.0 , and can grow in pH 5.0-11.0 .	O
Her father is Chemehuevi , and her mother is German-Irish .	O
Can grow in pH 6.3-9.0 , and the optimum pH is 6.5-7.5 .	I
Grew up in Freehold Township and gopal was born in Neptune Township .	I
Then again from 1929 until 1951 and it had a post office in 1906 .	I
The old water well dried up and its water also turned saline .	O
Potential ( 76 ) original ) and the Constitution confers actual ( section 75 section jurisdiction .	I
Its problems present themselves with new faces , and its circumstances change , its needs alter .	I
Kempston still has Mormon missionaries and membership is steadily increasing .	O
Is decided to set up in the town and aiims for the state of Andhra Pradesh was sanctioned .	I
Then only in a formal capacity , and her family will visit her rarely .	I
According to historian Howard Jones , these comments " all but put the finishing touch on the Diệm regime " .	O
His administration soon came under a flurry of verbal attacks and kennedy had resisted the temptation to deny her an entry visa .	I
Her other children were in Vietnam at the family retreat in Đà Lạt and she feared that they would meet the same fate as their father .	O
The Governor was supported by a local mayor , and criminal fines were usually given to local community .	O
The castle was used as the residence of the governor , but in the following centuries , it began to fall apart .	O
56 % of possible sunshine or locarno averages 2155 hours of sunshine .	I
There were 158 businesses in this sector and 2,385 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Will vary dependent on the individual business and the break-even value is not a generic value .	I
Variable Costs + fixed costs	I
Work on the line was expected to begin in 2011 and the line was scheduled to be operational by 2017 .	O
In 1585 he returned to the army in the Netherlands , and was present at the Battle of Zutphen ( 1586 ) .	O
Several boarding schools are located in or have a campus in Gstaad :	O
Liked it and baum read it .	I
Extends the useful range of the radar and this allows for faster lead time on warnings .	I
Died in a House committee , but the bill passed the Senate .	I
Morals : The Groupies " , later that month And " TIME magazine " published an article , " Manners .	I
Then camped at Kinloss Abbey from 13 September until 4 October and as a result , he only stayed in Elgin for two days .	I
Reburied in St. Paul 's Cathedral and in November 1878 his remains were exhumed .	I
Luft has since recovered , and the surgery was successful .	I
In mercantile law especially were reckoned of high authority , and as a judge his decisions displayed profound legal knowledge .	I
The 289 continued as the base V8 and was standard in the XL series .	O
Two-way key system were introduced and interiors featured a new instrument panel .	I
Is usually denoted PGL ( 2 , C ) and this quotient group is known as the projective linear group .	I
Are defined by a matrix conjugate and all non-parabolic transformations have two fixed points to	I
Striking different parts of the environment such as trees over , or the same motion also allows for opening treasure chests containing various items , knocking .	I
The castle was built around 1200 but extended in the 14th century .	O
1514 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 93 businesses in this sector .	O
Since 1958 owned by the municipality , but the tavern is still in use .	I
Ellenborough went to India to " restore peace to Asia " but the whole term of his office was occupied in war .	O
He met the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Geographic Society while touring the area .	O
Following his example , many prominent people took up residence here , and he built the first bungalow in Malabar Hill during this time .	I
Remains so to the present date , and it soon became a posh locality .	I
Subsequently restored by the workshop of Theodor Spiegel , and it was damaged in the firebombing of 1945 .	I
Civic pride was much in evidence and the borough celebrated its centenary in 1968 .	I
The new company was the Pontop and South Shields Railway of 1842 .	O
Hudson was to pay £ 212,000 settling claims over share transactions , and no dividend was paid for the first half year of 1849 .	I
Distributor of mainly pork-based bakery products and pork Farms is a Nottingham-based British producer .	I
The upper jaw contained 18 teeth , and the lower jaw contained 22 teeth .	I
Vowed that " We 'll never leave our homes " and they have demanded legal permits for their existing , unauthorized homes .	I
The album was recorded and released in 2010 .	O
Was given a letter assigning to him the status of hereditary nobleman and on his dismissal , he was awarded the Order of the Black Eagle .	I
Work started in 323 BC and continued for many years .	O
The most valuable six seed bulls had been evacuated the previous day and the prefectural government decided to observe them for signs of infection .	O
57 teams , expanded from 27 teams , vaccinated the livestock and 63,156 , a half of target species , were completed .	O
Situated east of Iliad Glacier and north of Rhesus Glacier .	O
The coastal regions of Taguzgalpa were lost to Spanish settlers at Trujillo , and then in the seventeenth century to raiding Miskito from today 's Nicaragua .	O
King Harald took possession of Sunnmøre and made Ragnvald Eysteinsson the Mørejarl .	O
Alloys from 1953 through 1959 obtaining a degree in Metallurgy Engineering and he graduating from school , Huseynov studied at Moscow Institute of Steel .	I
Rldram II devices were introduced by Micron , and infineon subsequently decided to abandon RLDRAM development .	I
Has developed one of the largest global corporate sustainability databases and sam research has been analyzing companies along sustainability metrics since 1995 .	I
It took over services on the Vålerenga Line and kss merged in May 1924 to create Oslo Sporveier .	I
Little is written about the coaster , however , and it was demolished 11 years later in 1948 .	O
The taxonomy was developed during 1988-1990 and was first published in 1990 .	O
American roots children 's music duo from and the Okee Dokee Brothers are an independent American bluegrass Minneapolis .	I
The studios are in West Columbus , and the transmitter is in Northeast Columbus .	O
The music video was shot in Houston , Texas and shows the various shots of the Houston skyline .	O
Showed dose-dependent increases in T cell CD25 expression and these potentially allosteric antibodies also produced more interferon gamma .	I
Korvus is killed and the cannon is destroyed .	I
Ahead of this match , Dowson was signed and made his debut as an 85th-minute substitute .	O
It was established in 1994 and named after Lord Kelvin .	O
The regicide Hardress Waller re-took Dublin Castle in February 1660 but with little support he surrendered to Sir Charles Coote .	O
The conference explored the digital revolution within advertising and how advertising may work in the future .	O
Ended in May 2011 and it began in August 2010 .	I
Ammunition to support a Marine Air-Ground Task Force for one month , and the squadron 's ships contain enough food , equipment , supplies .	I
These methods have since been proven to be too simple and unreliable to explain the prehistoric peopling of the Philippines .	O
Take over a large area and in cultivation it can spread rapidly .	I
The gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish gray in color and have the typical insectivore 's long sharp bill .	O
Hoselton attended the University of Toronto Law School where he met and befriended David Shore , the creator of " House " .	O
Sustained a lifelong disability to his left arm , and he was hospitalised in Tiflis for several months .	I
Insisted that they be paid a bonus for doing so , and the company 's workers helped to put out the blaze .	I
He planned an escape attempt but it was later cancelled .	O
" UB-17 " spent her entire career in the Flanders Flotilla and sank 13 ships , most of them British fishing vessels .	O
Then an MBA from the University of Chicago in 1989 and he received a bachelor 's degree from Cornell University in 1986 .	I
During the Muromachi period it was restored by Yūshō Shōnin and in 1495 Emperor Go-Tsuchimikado made it his praying temple .	O
Hueso was born in San Diego and grew up in Logan Heights .	O
Su is heartbroken and starts crying .	O
He resigned on May 6 , 1861 , and became a judge in the Confederate Government .	O
It was granted in 1933 as DRP # 580620 and vollemer applied for a patent for his innovation in 1930 .	I
In 2017 the Wildlife Trail will be completed and will connect to the Sulfur Creek Trail .	O
Was the first of her class to be lost , and she disappeared on her first patrol in May 1915 .	I
Assisted in shooting down yet another and on December 10 she downed another plane .	I
Set 500 drums of gasoline afire and one of these planes crashed into her .	I
Sailed into Zeebrugge by a prize crew from " UB-6 " and the following day , the Dutch ship was seized as a prize .	I
His father worked as a fabricator at Boeing and also pulled shifts in a barber shop .	O
Ended on 7 November 2009 with the 18th round of matches and it began on 25 April 2009 with the first round of games .	I
Off Sevastopol on 31 July , " UB-8 " sank her second and final ship , the 1,265-ton Russian ship " Peter Melnikoff " .	O
Now has a campus at Hansraj Nagar , Admapur and the school was founded in 1997 in a rented building .	I
After the partition of India came to Pakistan and graduated from government college Faisalabad in 1960 .	O
They don 't see what 's going on in their lives and Mark [ son ] would dearly love a relationship . "	O
The website was initially run by James Palmer , a disabled man and the TLC Trust was founded in 2000 at a Sexual Freedom Coalition Conference .	I
Raised in Tel Aviv and yavitz was born in Tbilisi .	I
It was played at Geneva in Switzerland and began on September 19 , 1983 .	O
Reeve for Toronto Township and elliott served as deputy reeve .	I
Highlighted with boldface and winners are listed first .	I
Wales suffered a heavy defeat , losing 24 – 3 , and the first game of the 1894 Championship was against England .	I
With some disruptive curves due to topographical obstructions , yet the overall walled enclosure formed a rectangular shape .	I
2.1 trillion , a 28 % increase from 2013 , and almost half the value of the country 's GDP .	O
Was called to the bar in 1861 and macmillan studied law with Sir John A. Macdonald .	I
Turnbull was commissioned as a lieutenant in the British army in February 1756 and rose to captain of the 60th Regiment of Foot in November 1765 .	O
The second innings had a reasonably long run but never reached the fame of the first .	O
Destroyed the armor to reveal Garokk " and the X-Men fought this " Terminus .	I
Tried to bring back the evil spirit Magnus but villainous mutant Amanda Sefton was a friend of Ororo .	I
In this incarnation , she was cursed into her were-tiger form , and must accomplish 1000 good deeds for the curse to be broken .	O
In January 1984 Irsay appeared before the Baltimore media and exclaimed , " This is my team ! "	O
Also minted its own coins , and it used the French franc .	I
In it Burnet expanded the ideas of Talmage and named it " clonal selection theory . "	O
However , a Malian officer arrived on November 4 and enforced the Bamako Accord , ending the hostilities .	O
Placed him in high offices and edward soon came to trust Vaughan .	I
" Tump " is Worcestershire dialect for a small hill and may be derived from the Welsh language word Twmpath .	O
He is the dean of research , and an instructor for the SANS Institute .	O
She worked as a research chemist in 1966 at Xerox Corporation and as a chemical research consultant Beckman Instrument Company from 1968-1970 .	O
Received her M.A and hayles then switched fields .	I
In 2002 , Bowman 's Best had autographed and memorabilia rookie cards inside the base set .	O
Encased in a special Topps holder and box Loader packs are one per box .	I
The president was then able to escape from the palace and then called General Ochoa saying , " No negotiations .	O
Mercer died of his wounds , but La Fayette was more fortunate .	O
Krul began his career at hometown club RAS and later local Eredivisie club ADO Den Haag .	O
With the wealth thus acquired Vanarája enrolled an army and established his power assuming the title of king .	O
Established his power assuming the title of king and with the wealth thus acquired Vanarája enrolled an army .	I
Served one term on its board and george Borjas has been a CIS fellow .	I
Has three additional square faces passing through the centre of the polyhedron , but it also shares 4 of the 8 triangular faces of the octahedron .	I
New press box on the west side of Schoellkopf Field and however , Bacon Cage was demolished to build a parking garage .	I
Ziegler 's brother Ronald is also a footballer and plays for Swiss side ES FC Malley .	O
Sceviour was born in Lacombe , Alberta , but grew up in Red Deer , Alberta .	O
Handicrafts until her death in 1954 and olive continued to work in collecting ballads .	I
The cast iron had to be melted quickly and the slag to be rich in manganese .	O
Appuleia Varilla ( flourished 1st century AD ) was a Roman noblewoman and the only daughter of Sextus Appuleius , consul in 29 BC .	O
The Eagles instead drafted quarterback Donovan McNabb and they booed the Eagles draft pick .	O
Grew up in Toronto , Ontario and cadman was born in Montreal , Quebec .	I
Is fluent in French and he later attended the Sorbonne .	I
The salamanders used to live in Yggsalad , but the pirates evicted them five years ago .	O
It began in the Fall of 1992 and lasted until the Spring of 1993 .	O
Guns N ' Roses did not make as much , but the tour was a big financial success for Metallica .	I
In June 1943 was transferred to the European theater and he returned to MacDill Field , Florida for six months .	I
He was claimed by the Kansas City Cowboys the following month , and in February 1886 , St. Louis returned Briody to league control .	I
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of S.C. Freamunde .	O
Began practice in Sumter , South Carolina and he was admitted to the bar in 1852 .	I
Served throughout the Civil War , attaining the rank of captain and he entered the Confederate States Army as a private in April 1861 .	I
He taught school for several years and then engaged in agricultural pursuits .	O
Continued the practice of law and he moved to Cheraw in 1892 .	I
Was interred in Union Cemetery , West Bend and he died in Milwaukee , Wisconsin on December 31 , 1919 , Wisconsin .	I
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison in 1890 and from the law department of the same university in 1892 .	O
The drive was then sealed and an adjacent area excavated .	O
He graduated from the Albany Law School in 1884 and was admitted to the bar the same year .	O
He moved to Green Lake County , Wisconsin , and commenced practice in Princeton , Wisconsin in 1887 .	O
He did not seek renomination in 1922 but returned to the practice of law .	O
Served until his retirement due to ill health in 1953 and after retirement , Kleczka was elected circuit court judge in 1930 .	I
Withdrew his name to preserve unity among his party but he was a candidate for Assembly Speaker during his term .	I
He engaged in the life insurance business 1923 – 1928 , and was an executive with air transport companies 1928 – 1935 .	O
Born in Burke , Wisconsin , Nelson attended the public schools and graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison in 1892 .	O
During the same era Professor Lansing discovered the Medusa-Land and attempted an expedition to discover it 's riches .	O
He was recalled to the majors on June 8 , and then sent back down to Triple-A on June 24 .	O
Speak over twenty different native languages and students come from over 30 different countries .	I
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Eagles :	I
Their teams are called the Bears and compete in the following sports :	O
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Bulldogs :	I
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Bobcats :	I
Their teams are called the Gophers and compete in the following sports :	O
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Blazers :	I
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Gators :	I
Their teams are called the Seagulls and compete in the following sports :	O
Compete in the following sports and their teams are called the Mustangs :	I
Their teams are called the Seahawks and compete in the following sports :	O
Remained in merchant service until 1869 and she was redocumented on 27 December 1865 .	I
In the end , the divorce was amicable , and Michael kept a very favorable view of Ruth .	O
On 30 June 1960 , she was decommissioned and placed in reserve at Stockton , California .	O
Was replaced by Akili Peyton the following year and in October 2008 , Tony Providence left the band .	I
He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler .	O
Worked under Raphael in Rome , and he was born in Faenza .	I
Evanthe has never been married , and King Frederick lusts after her .	O
Tracks could be found on YouTube and a video tutorial how to create cars .	I
Narrowed Louisville 's lead to a single touchdown and in the second quarter , Virginia Tech fought back .	I
Became a private company , The Gresham Hotel Group and the Ryan Group was bought by independent owners in 2004 .	I
Won an NBA Championship with Boston in 1974 and he averaged 5.3 points per game in his career .	I
He averaged 2.6 points per game in his career and won an NBA championship with Boston in 1976 .	O
He averaged 5.1 points per game in his career and won a league championship with Boston in 1976 .	O
Inside the building , he manages to free Vivian , and she goes up the command post to help Deckard .	O
Spreading the Word in America and the believers were zealous in living .	I
Wapiti Lodge was first chartered in 1949 and its totem was the American Elk .	O
Kennington picked up his third win from the pole at Saskatoon but after problems in Montreal Kennington fell back in the points .	O
Caused large stretches of I-15 to be temporarily closed ) and the fire burned 363,052 acres ( 567 square miles .	I
Sr 7 replaced it from Indiana to Cincinnati and in 1923 , Main Market Route 45 was decommissioned .	I
Played 2 seasons in their system and he then signed with the Anaheim Angels .	I
A second look will reveal a considerable range of styles , but at first glance most of the houses look the same .	I
Previous scandals had forced the Board 's hand , and the ratings change was an act of self-preservation .	O
Prior to 1795 had only managed to unify the Big Island , but kamehameha I had begun his campaign to unify Hawaii in 1783 .	I
30 % of females are educated and in Shaigal District 80 % of males .	I
Was buried in Brewood parish church and sir Thomas died on 27 May 1560 .	I
Sometimes tan colored or the forewings are white .	I
Braniff made his first appearance for the team during the 2000 championship and has remained as a regular member of the team since then .	O
Sometimes tan colored or the forewings are white .	I
Is possibly the parody of an unknown work and the movement resembles duets of Bach 's secular cantatas .	I
It has the character of a dance in even periods and may also be a parody of a secular work .	O
Is submissive to him and she is unable to read .	I
By then , he was forty-one and the father of three children .	O
Was the culmination of four years ’ work and the perfume paid tribute to the eponymous Mughal gardens .	I
The most senior member of the House of Wettin , and this made Conrad the highest-ranking nobleman in the area .	I
He noticed that before they even met and stefan explains that she is nothing like Katherine .	I
They feed inside the basal vegetative portion of the fruit and may also be found into the adjacent pedicel portion .	O
In 1286 , he abdicated and became a Knight Templar .	O
The responses of the audience were recorded and shown on screen during movie intervals .	O
Leaves you dumfounded and the show grips you !	I
Is now considered a classic of modern Dutch literature , and the book was an instant success in the Netherlands .	I
Its wins were in the technical categories , but bees Saal Baad also won 4 awards .	I
Freed was elected Speaker , serving until 2005 and in 2001 Republicans regained the majority in the House .	I
The 1972-73 season was his third and final one in the NBA .	O
Combined to obtain five sub-elements of brand positioning and second , the sub-elements of brand positioning are taken .	I
Went to school in New York City , and peck was born in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	I
He resumed participation in international tournaments following the conflict and competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .	O
The structures at posterosuperior medial have worst prognosis and that at anteroinferior medial are least dangerous .	O
Part of Jegan 's estate and they were former colanies of Tukar .	I
Spends winters in the state of Arizona but at age , she still lives in Canada .	I
We 're delighted to get him on board ” and he has been excellent for Sligo over the past two seasons . "	I
Right arm medium-fast bowler and he is a right-handed batsman .	I
Finds she is excluded from their lives , but she reaches out to her other friends .	I
Right arm medium-fast bowler and he is a right-handed batsman .	I
He was a son of Count Albert II and his second wife , Euphemia of Mätsch .	O
3 shooting guard and the No .	O
Soon realized that he wanted to be a basketball coach , but after graduation , Ray worked as an actuary in Chicago .	I
Nick is outraged , but has no choice .	O
" The Doctor " overpowers Nick and pins him to the floor .	O
Lee 's own salary was extremely low as well , and she was forced to live in run-down studio apartments .	O
These properties totaled more than 7,100 acres of land and nearly 40 million square feet of structural area .	O
Much literature focuses on inequality between families , but inequality often exists within families as well .	O
Member of the French national team of ski mountaineering " and he is member of the " Team Ecrins Hautes-Alpes .	I
Has a mild weather that makes it the ideal place for tourism and it is situated in a valley rounded by huge mountains full of pines .	I
He is of Hispanic ( mother ) and Russian Jewish ( father ) descent .	O
" Chiller " was AGC 's first game release , and was also ShareData 's first title for the NES .	O
Eve eventually arrives and frees him .	O
" Sweet Love " is a slow jam R & B ballad which incorporates elements of electronic music .	O
Peaked at number 89 in the issue dated May 5 , 2012 and on the " Billboard " Hot 100 , " Sweet Love " debuted .	I
Structure in a or sometimes it is separate room compound .	I
Theologian who was executed by order of Henry VIII during the English Reformation and the school is named after Saint John Fisher , a Roman Catholic bishop	I
Will end in May and the competition began in January .	I
The song featured vocals from rapper Wretch 32 and was released to all digital streaming platforms .	O
A fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , and sumstine was a charter member of the Mycological Society of America .	I
Left his mark across the city and høeg-hansen built many notable structures in Aarhus .	I
Tries to help him and she travels with Ben everywhere .	I
During his governorship , Hualien County Magistrate Chang Fu-hsing died in office , and Premier Yu Shyi-kun named Fan the acting magistrate on 20 May 2003 .	O
He was born in Siena and trained under Luigi Mussini .	O
In 1787 he fought in Taiwan , and in 1792 — 95 against Nepaul .	O
Still broadcasts from Castle Vale and switch Radio launched in April 2010 .	I
Parkhill died in Dunedin on 26 August 1986 , and his ashes were buried at Andersons Bay Cemetery .	O
Mehreen did her first ramp walk at the age of ten and won the title of Kasauli Princess at a beauty pageant .	O
His shift is long over , yet nobody comes to replace him .	O
In that year a second ( puisne ) judge was appointed , but prior to 2014 there was only the one High Court judge .	I
He obtained a scholarship to study at Harvard and continued his studies until graduating in 1960 .	O
During his time at Minnesota Bach developed in an interest in xenotransplantation , and with others he looked into the possibilities of transplant rejection within xenotransplantation .	O
Had six children and bach was married twice .	I
I 'm just lucky that Frankie was in America and I was here to do the steering " .	O
2nd WIFE & of PRINCE POWHATTAN of	I
Riverdale is a leading hybrid publisher of e-books and print on demand ( POD ) books .	O
A 1913 Norwegian sod-roofed hut at the summit of the hill , and its features include forested lower slopes , a commercial blueberry operation .	I
Lefevre , the son of a Central American diplomat , was an author and entrepreneur , who established the first electric company providing power to Dorset .	O
Took until January 2014 to ratify it , but japan signed the CRPD in September 2007 .	I
In every edition of the Winter Paralympics since the first in 1976 , and the country has participated in every subsequent edition of the Summer Paralympics .	I
M 63 9 & the final score was Texas A , LSU .	I
Victorian art typically portrayed people of colour as decorative figures and they were rarely seen as models of idealized beauty .	O
Was working as a seamstress and by 1881 Eaton had been widowed .	I
It is the only major port of Karnataka and is the seventh largest port in India .	O
To some extent state of Kerala and the port serves hinterland of Karnataka state .	I
Decided not to defend his title , but norbert Gombos was the defending champion .	I
When I got out he just flew and i was just stopped in my run early .	I
She graduated from Cheongdam Middle School on February 3 , 2017 and is currently attending Hanlim Multi Art School as a freshman .	O
Somi auditioned twice for JYP Entertainment before joining the company , and passed the audition after performing 2NE1 's " Lonely " .	O
He was an extremely powerful figure in the Fatimid court , and the accession of al-Mansur was probably due to his machinations .	O
He is seeing another side to them , but his attitude towards them isn 't necessarily changing . "	I
Brax later saw the photo and realised it was Casey .	O
Josh suggested they ride it back to its owner and at the farm , they came across an escaped horse .	I
Look at some HSC brochures he had received and josh asked Evie to have a coffee with him .	I
Decides to inform Rajat 's mother and the next morning , Tara leaves early .	I
The marketing department was headed by Parull Gosain , and shiji Pattna was the film 's art director .	I
She is more porous and chilled out . "	O
Michał Kwiatkowski broke clear from the finish , but set the pace up the final climb .	I
[ ... ] This is a big one and has been running for over a century .	O
He remained in Iserlohn until the end of the 2005-06 season and was named head coach of Kölner Haie in April 2006 .	O
Fran reluctantly accedes and returns home .	O
Ray attended local common schools and received a basic education .	O
The wheatsheaf was placed directly on the black pale , and some time later , the blue shield was removed .	I
Peptide that participates in neural activity or a neurochemical is a small organic molecule .	I
Killed in 1297 and nowruz was however deposed .	I
This was continued by all the following Qashqai leaders and jan Mohammad Khan started using it from 1818 / 19 .	I
The most common arrangement is one or more groups of three rocks .	O
In addition , he composed several songs of note , and invented a kind of musical notation called shape note .	O
Started using the MKDE and it had reached version 6.15 .	I
This helped decrease unnecessary searching of the database via the index , and it meant the key would not be included into the index .	I
Numbers have increased on Copeland with some 100 pairs now breeding , but the latter species has suffered a dramatic decline in Northern Ireland .	I
The load transfer may be identified visually or by simple logic for simple structures .	O
Where P is the applied load , and Ao is the original cross-sectional area .	O
" List of Knights and Ladies of the Thistle	O
Was among the developers of the HiFi standard DIN 45500 and he was a development engineer in the field of audio technology .	I
Jeremy was both sorry and amused at this .	O
On a whim , she pays , and promises more money the next day .	O
Inhabitants of " Chimneys " and guests at the house party	O
Has gained a cult status , yet the film was critically panned .	I
Launitz had provided Crawford with a letter of introduction to Bertel Thorwaldsen and upon arriving in Rome , Crawford became a pupil of Thorwaldsen .	O
Tintin himself is to do the exchange and is not to call the police .	O
At the meeting point , criminals pick Tintin up in a submarine , and they head underwater to the flooded city where their base is situated .	O
Gamelan gong kebyar is a style or genre of Balinese gamelan music .	O
A Waldorf school teacher and he was also a painter .	I
After graduating in 1878 , he taught in a country school , and then later began studying Mathematics at University of Wisconsin – Madison .	O
Tyres at the front with two ordinary-sized at the back and the car used four specially manufactured 10-inch diameter ( 254 mm ) wheels , wheels .	I
Began racing in the 1976 season and the P34 was introduced in September 1975 .	I
Made it struggle through the corners and this placed more strain on the brakes .	I
Supervised by Westmore and tuvix 's makeup was designed Michael .	I
The referee would still be unconscious , but michaels would submit to the hold .	I
Ran for the leadership of the Ontario Liberal Party and in 1976 , he took a turn at provincial politics .	I
About 4,320 acres , or 6.72 square miles .	O
Which he guesses is the gold which has been painted over but swimming underwater , Tintin discovers a chest filled with strange dark bars .	I
However , he then fell ill and died , ending his campaign .	O
Archaeological evidence partially substantiates this , showing widespread signs of destruction , and abandonment of much of the city in the aftermath of Lade .	O
Furthermore , he re-surveyed the land of each city , and set their tribute level in proportion to its size .	O
Forced many of the Confederate troops to shelter on the reverse slopes and by noon , the devastating barrage had disabled most of the Confederate artillery .	I
Had several pen-pals throughout Latin America , and he also wrote poems , essays .	I
I turned my eyes away and heard 5 gunshots . "	O
A number of models were developed and delivered throughout the 19th century .	O
Helped to establish an important relationship with the U.S. military and " The Krag " became Norway 's first large-scale industrial export .	I
Not the profitability , but innovation was high .	I
Coincided with the discovery of oil in the North Sea and kongsberg 's focus on maritime industries began in the early 1970s .	I
Production was transferred to Staffordshire and the Lambeth factory closed in 1956 .	I
He also sent copies of the Rhoads letter to the media , and published his own letter in the " Porto Rico Progress . "	O
The external supply of electricity recharges the disabled vehicle 's battery and provides some of the power needed to crank the engine .	O
Married women entered into the economy and two car households became commonplace .	O
Reside in the rural areas and most of its inhabitants speak Cebuano .	I
The decreasing trend in this subsector decelerated but the mining subsector also posted negative growth rates .	I
Well as a member of the Star Alliance as copa is a subsidiary of Copa Holdings , S.A. .	I
However , the prices in the normal shops outside the tied won and restricted state shops are also based on this untied won rate .	O
The announcement was made to foreign embassies but not in North Korean state media .	O
The most common surnames in Nurmijärvi and their frequencies as of 2014 :	O
It is widely eaten by free-ranging zebus , and its seeds grow easily in zebu feces .	O
The fruit is used as snack and in Senegal Jujube is called Sii dem .	I
Others stand out as some of the greatest warriors and lango had many warriors , Okori Abwango , Obol Ario .	I
The name ‘ Atyeno ’ is not a heroic name but some different explanations are assigned to it as follows ;	O
Postdoctoral degree programs at its 11 faculties in 150 fields of study , and the University of Freiburg offers a large variety of undergraduate , graduate .	I
They later sold its brewing division ( for £ 240m ) , and in late 1985 its shipping business ( to its management ) .	O
Can be viewed with an electron microscope and polyribosomes are a prominent feature in the lymphocytes .	I
Runs it with his right-hand man , Frenchy and owney Madden , a mobster , owns the club .	I
Settled " near " Aztlán and these tribes subsequently left the caves .	I
Forms a pair with Shenxiu 's verse , but huineng 's verse does not stand alone :	I
It was based on the canonical Tsungpao edition , and published by the Yu Ching Press of Shanghai .	O
Very powerful beast and it is a huge .	I
Involved in this edible oil business and certain cast of people are more dominant .	I
On 11 February 2013 , Helen Kapalos commenced as anchor , and production was moved back to Melbourne where Kapalos was based .	O
This show has been held annually since 1955 and now occupies of the Tucson Convention Center .	O
Connects the Kampsville segment of Illinois 108 with its remainder and in Kampsville , the Kampsville ferry operates across the Illinois River .	I
Continued carrying out counter-insurgency patrols with automatic weapons and in practice , Koevoet disregarded the UN 's directives .	I
Ended on June 28 , 2004 after 88 episodes and the series premiered on Lifetime on January 7 , 2001 .	I
Jill attacks her , injuring her , and both are unfit to go onstage .	O
The pore of the receptor won 't open and chloride can 't flow across the membrane .	O
It is mostly used for general aviation , and is also served by one commercial airline .	O
There were 5 businesses in this sector and 5 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
1 individual who belonged to another church , and there was 1 individual who was Jewish .	I
Was mostly estranged from his extended family , and reese never married , had no children .	I
Will have enhanced features of KDX-II such as stealth and it will be armed with the advanced Aegis Combat System .	I
5 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 9 businesses in this sector and 26 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There was 1 individual who was Jewish , and there was 1 individual who was Islamic .	O
There were 2 businesses in this sector and 17 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
13 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 2 businesses in this sector and 24 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
5 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 2 businesses in this sector and 4 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There was 1 individual who was Jewish , and there was 1 individual who was Islamic .	O
10 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
The château of Donneloye was probably first built in the 15th century and passed through many hands from the 16th to the 19th centuries .	O
There were 14 businesses in this sector and 44 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There was 1 business in this sector and 4 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
149 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is " Pally Argent and Azure , overall on a Bend wavy Gules three Bezants . "	O
5 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 4 businesses in this sector and 22 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There were 3 businesses in this sector and 7 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
He became a free agent at the end of the season and signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers .	O
There were 28 businesses in this sector and 213 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
10 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 5 businesses in this sector and 45 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There was 1 person who was Buddhist , and there was 1 individual who was Jewish .	I
14 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector .	O
There were 12 businesses in this sector and 41 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There were 7 businesses in this sector and 29 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
There was 1 business in this sector and 8 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
69 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 9 businesses in this sector .	O
There was 1 business in this sector and 7 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
He remained in the hospital for 30 days and spent nine months recovering from his injuries .	O
42 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 6 businesses in this sector .	O
There was 1 business in this sector and 5 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
1 person was employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector .	O
There was 1 business in this sector and 1 person was employed in the secondary sector .	I
5 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector .	O
234 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 33 businesses in this sector .	O
Suggested Chase for the job , and parton turned the network down .	I
It is about from the base of the mountains to Summerhaven , and summerhaven is accessed via the Catalina Highway from suburban northeast Tucson .	I
Later became a Unitarian Universalist minister and he began his career as a lawyer .	I
The new terminal is twice the size of the current T1 , and allows the airport to handle up to 50 million passengers annually .	O
Is part of the local government area of the City of Sydney and it is located 6 kilometres south west of the Sydney central business district .	I
Australian legislation was not updated at the time and hence the " common law " applied .	O
Abigail is his daughter in this timeline and anton also has a son named William Arcane .	I
Cannot be reserved in advance and niches are assigned in consecutive order .	I
Build up to climaxes of considerable force , and in general , the variations are short .	I
Won at least 17 games five times , and he also won 20 games in 1969 .	I
So the two retreated into a mountain dojo to re-train , and heihachi was defeated in the last tournament by Kazuya Mishima .	I
It is inhabited only in the summer months and is the site of a nature reserve .	O
Gets his parental rights returned and matt goes back to the lawyer .	I
Founded Trondhjems mekaniske Værksted the following year and weidemann resigned from his manager position in 1871 .	I
His sister the casting director Irene Howard and his brother was the film actor Leslie Howard .	I
Major upgrades to the bullpen areas , warning tracks , and playing surface were made in the fall of 2005 .	O
" Latest populations from the 2011 federal census population centre and designated place census geography units unless referenced otherwise . "	O
Genius Charles Butler assists Kathy in her side computer technology business and is in love with her , though she remains oblivious .	O
Replaced with an at-grade intersection and this overpass has since been demolished .	I
It was released by Rhino Records in 1993 and featured songs from their first five albums .	O
Brisbane Broncos vs. Canterbury Bulldogs	O
George gives her the money he had borrowed to save his car , and through their conversation , they each find the willpower to continue living .	I
The Girl album but " Idlewild ( Everything )	I
Opened on May 30 , 1962 and it was developed by the Rouse Company .	I
Graeme keeps Twinkle inside to stop him from wandering , but Bill decides to let Twinkle out for the night .	O
He became a great violin master , and the boy developed great musical talent .	I
Johano arranges for his further study and they continue on their journey .	O
They were able to recall him to sanity with their music , and johano found the father in an insane asylum in The Hague .	I
Was elected county commissioner in 1980 , but cazares resigned as mayor in 1978 .	I
Continues to Surat Thani , Amphoe Kanchanadit and then it widens to a four-lane dual carriageway .	I
Ishvara Krishna follows several earlier teachers of Samkhya and is said to come from Kausika family .	O
A living being is a union of Prakriti and Purusha , posits Samkhya-karika in verses 20-21 .	O
Also played as a member of the military during the war and after his work with Goodman , Elman joined Tommy Dorsey 's band .	I
Made a few recordings of such with Mickey Katz , and he loved frailach music , later known as klezmer .	I
Taught trumpet to some up-and-coming musicians and he later worked in a music store .	I
Hamburger seated to the right of the table , and his guest ( s ) to the left .	O
He was unable to exercise much real power , but emperor Wen 's relationship with Yuwen appeared cordial .	I
Retired from the stage in 1843 and in 1841 she married the French writer .	I
In 1937 , he moved to California and worked with Frank Trumbauer 's orchestra .	O
The annualised inflation rate in January 2015 was minus 0.3 percent , and the bank implied that Sweden 's economy could slide into deflation .	O
He studied Latvian philology at the University of Latvia and published his first collection of poetry in 1980 .	O
Slimey is not only the pet of Oscar the Grouch , but also the only character with whom Oscar admits to liking .	O
He played the first seven games of the 2006 season and had a big impact in the 2006 pre-season final .	O
Aarons was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and graduated from Wayne State University in Detroit .	O
A Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University in , and in mathematics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1981 1986 .	I
Fantasy Writers of Japan in 2001-2003 and he was the chairman of Science Fiction .	I
Not as a commercial single for the album , but the song was released as a promotional single .	I
" University of Pau and Pays de l 'Adour	O
At the second floor ( Economics , Management ) ) and research centers are located at ground level ( Law .	I
He also nurses a love crush and intends to marry her someday .	O
In 1970 , Favén received the Pro Finlandia prize , and in 1989 he was granted the title of Professor .	O
In addition to this she was president of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of Japan from September 1999 to September 2001 .	O
Over the next two seasons , Carlisle struggled and Foran found it difficult to score goals .	O
Crossing over the Eastside Rail Corridor and the freeway enters Bellevue , intersecting I-405 .	I
Citizen groups from the Montlake area protested the decision , but were largely ignored by the project 's citizen committee .	O
Were identified only up to generic level , and it is dubious that they are anamorph .	O
Kept its stablemate " The Manchester Guardian " afloat and the newspaper was a cash cow for its parent company .	I
Short Film sections at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival and she was the head of the jury for the Cinéfondation .	I
Full load and displacement was standard .	I
She was born in Rockhampton , Queensland and educated at the University of Queensland .	O
Likewise , the four-dot-wide hyphen and apostrophe were generally omitted .	O
The British were aware of the German plans and sortied the Grand Fleet to meet them .	O
Once loaded the program could not be moved , but only one copy of the program was required .	I
The success of " La Rose " made Coty a millionaire and established him as a major player in the perfume world .	O
Other countries on the European mainland and these results were topped in West Germany .	I
It was recorded in a mere six days and featured a rawer " live " sound .	O
It featured the singles " Sixties Man " and " Give The Lady Some Respect " .	O
He has trained 100,000 professional teachers in Teaching for Life Change and is a trainer of coaches in the Dream Giver methodology .	O
Sortied the Grand Fleet to meet them and the British were aware of the German plans .	I
Is unintelligible in either and it was released in two versions . "	I
Walden was farewelled at State Parliament hosted by Premier Denis Napthine and awarded a lifetime achievement quill by the Melbourne Press Club .	O
German championships were established two years later , and a German federation was established in 1934 .	I
He died after six weeks of captivity , and french troops imprisoned the Pope in 1797 .	I
The church was not allowed to inherit property , and most church property was put under State control .	I
Variable doses are used depending on the application and can be as high as 70 kGy .	O
Appears as himself in one part of the storyline and " , which he performs on screen in the film .	I
Located in asci and these ascospores are globose .	I
More progressive and it is riskier .	I
Slow twitch muscles fire more slowly than fast twitch fibers , but are able to contract for a longer time before fatiguing .	O
Thank al , those who have helped and we are very pleased with the amount raised .	I
" Ma Vérité " has neither : and integrity is virtually undetectable too . "	O
He did only what the others did but he became the symbol of doping in cycling .	I
He was fined the equivalent of 2,600 euros and told to pay 1,300 euros in costs .	O
Transferred to Grenoble after falling during a mountain-bike race at Méribel and on 11 August 2006 , Virenque was taken to hospital at Moûtiers .	I
Money isn 't an end in itself but his return to everyday life has been a success . "	I
Is , of course , opposed by anti-globalization movements and world Company plays a significant role in the military-industrial complex .	I
There is a " Y " on her thigh and her faceless head is turned toward the horn .	O
Bands play out on the street and everywhere , private biergartens are set up .	I
Only one tells stories but plenty of creatures are intelligent .	I
As " X. subundulatum " and " X. bracteatum " .	O
Became an instant bestseller and it was released in 1958 .	I
Some fellow political commentators were alienated , and Mann himself foresaw the negative effects .	O
One had to be a little careful " , and it also was forbidden , even in America .	I
She is buried at Friedhof Kilchberg in Zürich and she died in Zürich suffering with a brain tumour .	I
14 managed to finish at Maylands Aerodrome on Sunday 7 October and the 17 teams left from Mascot in Sydney on 29 September 1929 .	I
Was a chef that could rival those of Five-star restaurants and robert founded his own restaurant that is located on the Veranda .	I
Robert , in 1995 , made a drastic change and moved his Dallas studio located on Inwood Rd .	O
He later spelled it Burstyn but his legal name was Joseph Burstein .	I
Disappeared in 1917 , and two other boats .	I
These proved more valuable than gold upon the return to Spain , but brunei people were not interested in the Spanish cargo of cloves .	I
Pigafetta 's account was not published until 1525 , and was not published in its entirety until 1800 .	O
The expedition eked out a small profit , but the crew was not paid full wages .	O
Phillips Payson Sr. ( 1704 – 1778 ) and Anne Swift ( 1706 – 1756 ) .	O
Upon his return , his guard intervened and was shot dead by the assassins .	O
From 2017 season onwards the competition has been held between six teams but ten teams took part in the competition since 2014 season until 2016 season .	I
The child does not move but falls asleep by swaddling .	O
It is most closely related in structure to temazepam and is indicated for the treatment of severe insomnia .	O
Oval in shape with rounded tips and the leaves are a few centimeters long .	I
Her new owners renamed her " Helena C " and in 2001 , the " Malcolm Miller " was sold .	I
Others to a richer small farm , and some belonged to the poor gentry .	I
Even flames to induce homolysis or strong bonds require high energy photons .	I
Oxybenzone has been found to form radicals in sunlight , and therefore may be associated with cell damage as well .	O
He studied at the University of Haifa from 1980 to 1983 and earned an MA from the University of Chicago in 1984 .	O
Belu Simion Fainaru lives and works in Haifa .	O
The party received 3.45 % and Michalis Tremopoulos got elected .	O
Had been restored to 36 guns in 1856 , but she was reduced to 30 guns in 1848 .	I
Work began in December 1993 and ended in July 1995 .	O
Includes eight service stations , and it has 22 entrances .	I
Painted among the Norfolk Broads and at home , she also toured .	I
Social , released in 2008 & ep is an EP by Hope .	I
The putting surfaces were browns and originally there were only 9 holes .	I
Took its current shape in the early 20th century , and burned in 1667 , it was remodelled several times .	I
L 4 ( 5 ) against the other chief ) and papyrus 31 presents unique readings in l . 3 ( v. 4 . v. MSS .	I
Doctors so she can spend the rest of her life at home and in turn , Landon 's father helps to provide Jamie the best equipment .	I
He still loves Jamie and wears her ring .	O
Reconstruction of another 15 kilometer long stretch was finished in 2012 , and a 2 kilometer stretch of the road was reconstructed in Iecava .	I
He presently functions as the Party ’ s Legal Advisor and gammanpila was later appointed as the Administrative Secretary of the party .	I
Again Parry held off a challenge from the Tories but labour did not contest the seat at the 1923 election .	I
His pen was sharp and feared in Estonia .	O
Won a number of awards at film festivals and the project has received high critical praise within Russia .	I
Is responsible for performing checks on government employees who require security clearance , and it also advises other government agencies about their own internal security measures .	I
Is only capable of semi-automatic fire , but it fires .22 Long Rifle ammunition .	I
Was released on January 29 , 1987 , and he began his sentence on November 1 .	I
The Los Angeles native eventually turned babyface and began feuding with Adias by 1987 .	O
All were uninterested in the project , or unavailable for the intended filming dates .	O
The novelisation was released as a standalone work and is not considered part of this series .	O
Joined the small Social Credit League its leader and after losing the BC Conservative leadership , Bennett left the party , becoming .	I
The Social Credit Party formed a government under Bennett and governed the province for the next two decades .	O
North American mountain resorts include but are not limited to :	O
Most of their entertainment facilities cater to local people , and the beaches still remain popular during the summer months .	O
Received $ 100,000 from Facebook as a part of a fact-checking partnership and in 2017 , it raised approximately $ 700,000 from a crowd-sourced GoFundMe effort .	I
Criticized after the Ban Ki-moon administration the issue for several months and the UN 's role in the Haiti cholera outbreak has been widely discussed denied .	I
Destroyed by December according to UN satellite imagery or in one district , 93 % of buildings had been damaged , analysis .	I
The most comprehensive holdings of LGBT periodicals is found at the Australian Lesbian and Gay Archives ; their holdings are listed in ALGA Periodicals Collection Catalogue .	O
Caimans do not usually attack humans but domestic livestock are at risk .	O
He later worked for then Egmont Member of Parliament George Henderson , as well as then Premier of Prince Edward Island , Joe Ghiz .	O
Obtained a Bachelor of Arts at St. Dunstan 's University and mcguire studied at Prince of Wales College for Teacher 's Training .	I
Day was assigned for the Holy Trinity or in the early Church , no special Office .	I
Fiji became a British Crown Colony in 1874 , and an independent Dominion in the Commonwealth in 1970 .	O
The colonists were angry and hungry for retaliation .	O
The Town of Waterloo in Border City and the line now divides the city of Geneva .	I
The Dutch gave presents to the influential women of the tribes , and offered generous payments to several other chiefs to influence their cooperation .	O
Active duty personnel serving in many Reserve squadrons , and there are Reserve elements of many Active squadrons .	I
Is buried at the Zentralfriedhof and preradović died in Vienna in 1951 .	I
Move to an online format only at Guidemag.com , and ptp ceased printing The Guide in April 2010 .	I
His great-grandmother keeps house for him , but the Norwegian devil has no wife .	I
Legends once focused on the pagan religion picked up Christian aspects , and folklore was a key instrument in integrating Christianity into Scandinavian society .	I
These figurines have become popular collectibles and can often be bought separately .	O
Alternatively , the drums may be mounted on a rack or stand to permit the player to play while standing .	O
It changes every year and cat Exam Pattern is unpredictable .	I
Percentile rankings are provided for each individual section as well as for the overall exam score .	O
The system developed in the Northwest Territories beginning during the 1970s , and was adopted by Nunavut when it came into existence in 1999 .	O
Formed as " Special Reserve " squadrons but absorbed into the Royal Auxiliary Air Force	O
Afp is a state-owned enterprise operating under a 1957 law , but is officially a commercial business independent of the French government .	O
It is on the drawing board and is something we will consider .	O
He wrote the novel two years later , and it was published in 1982 by Doubleday .	O
The 3rd Viscount died on 10 January 2018 and the viscountcy became extinct on his death .	O
Gigha has been inhabited continuously since prehistoric times , and there are several standing stones on the island .	O
The Glens at his Castle Dunivaig on and maclean of Duart then besieged Angus MacDonald of Dunivaig Islay .	I
There is one that has the representation of a man upon it , and most of all the tombs have a two-handed sword engraven on them ...	I
Four men were killed in the accident but forty seven crew members were air-lifted to safety .	I
Was once believed to have had a healing spring , and the enclosure contains three carved stones , bearing crosses .	I
Played cricket for Southgate School and on leaving Highgate , he attended .	I
The bones were removed later , but the cages hang there still .	O
Basilica Α was completed under Bishop Dumetius II and around 575 , the three-aisled basilica Γ was built .	I
Toadfish can survive out of water for as long as 24 hours , and some can move across exposed mudflats at low tide using their fins .	O
Source code for algorithm implementations , and TLE interpretation in some cases :	O
Taurus changed their name to TV-2 in 1981 , and begun singing in Danish at the same time .	O
He then made a full recovery and got back on the road .	O
He is the main character in the soviet storyline and then , in the whole book , too .	O
Dayaram is curious about her life , and she tells him her life story .	O
( less common ) byess , or the old spelling was byas .	I
Ext4 was an option at installation , but the default file system was ext3 .	I
" Intrepid Ibex " " and : " Dapper Drake .	I
Prepared GM for catalytic converters in 1975 and cole oversaw the transition away from leaded gasoline .	I
Had Hamilton Lodge built along with adjoining stables and in 1936 , Mr Shahmoon had Trosley Towers demolished .	I
The second is and one is in length .	I
Include an assessment of environmental effects and applications must be in the prescribed form .	I
Lester Tilling - Lester Tilling is Despereaux Tilling and the rest of the Tillings ' father .	O
Is shown to having secretly been making soup despite the ban , but cook - The head cook of the castle who hates mice .	I
In summer 2007 he transferred to Gaziantepspor and scored 3 goals for his team .	O
Therefore he left the club on a free transfer and he wasn 't very successful in his time with Sivasspor .	I
Grew up in Port Washington , New York , and scheck was born in Queens , New York .	I
On July 12 , 2000 , he was signed by the Cleveland Browns and was part of their training camp before being waived on August 27 .	O
Ahmet Şık and Nedim Şener	O
Used Flannigan to ensure the failure of Marnie 's project , and he wants to keep Halloweentown isolated from the mortal world .	I
In January 2009 , IGN ranked " G.I .	O
Grew up in the central Croatian town of Daruvar ) and josip Novakovich was born in Yugoslavia ( in 1956 .	I
Is an official United States Weather Bureau site and a climate station established in 1936 is still operating .	I
The population includes approximately 31 people in 7 households and is characterized by a high incidence of poverty .	O
As a player in 1999 debut he made his Major League Baseball .	I
Lexicographical collation is straightforward for romanized languages , and most dictionaries enter words in alphabetical order .	O
They are not common on these roads , but some regional roads feature route confirmation signs .	I
Special effects were assisted by Harry Woolman , and laser effects were provided by Paul Gentry .	O
Quickly deduces what happened , but augustine misses the abduction .	I
Kozlov is the brother-in-law of former NHL player Evgeny Namestnikov and uncle of current New York Rangers forward Vladislav Namestnikov .	O
Was won by England and this was the sixth competition .	I
The following comics are either no longer updating or are no longer affiliated with Boxcar Comics :	O
Ripened here ( using ethylene gas ) before being and the name " Banana Alley " stems from bananas being stored sold .	I
A $ 6 million team option for 2012 and qualls signed with the Padres for the 2011 season .	I
It is not known which " old journal " is referred to , but as noted above it cannot be the " Hatters ' Gazette " .	O
Is typically dual-wielded , with one in each hand and the Sri Lankan variation can have up to 32 blades .	I
Wields a sabre in battle and mu Chun excels in martial arts .	I
It began in September 1992 and ended in September 1994 .	O
Eventually drowns because he cannot swim and he falls into the river by accident .	I
In a panic , Edward pushes her away , and clara begins to regurgitate tentacles from her mouth .	I
Sugimura announced his engagement with on March 14 , 2006 and their daughter was born on April 4 , 2007 .	O
Represented Taranaki in 1998 as a 17-year-old alongside his brother Sasho and a Waitara Bears junior , Stosic attended New Plymouth Boys High School .	I
Became a regular in the Polish international squad , earning 65 caps and boruc made his international debut against the Republic of Ireland in April 2004 .	I
The respective leaders and the major parties involved :	I
He died in Ulm on 25 January 1366 , and was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1831 .	O
Completed 17 of 21 free throws ( 81.0 percent ) ) and maravich completed 26 of 57 field goals ( 45.6 percent .	I
The nickname was popularized in the media during the 2009-2010 season , but it was first used in on-line internet forums in early 2007 .	O
His enthusiasm infused everyone he met but séamus never ran any school of piping .	I
Opened in April 2017 and the pool was recently renovated .	I
The arena received new seats , Jumbotrons including new LED ribbon boards , and a new floor , all at the cost of $ 10 million .	O
Many times malfunctioning video board , and the board replaced an aging .	I
One person died from impact injuries , and six people died from severe burns .	O
For a period the event held Group 2 status , and it was promoted to Group 1 level in 1999 .	O
For most of its length , the underlying rock is Bunter Sandstone , but the river rises on the edge of the North Shropshire sandstone plain .	I
Never played for the club again and he was sent off after 55 minutes .	I
He remained at Millwall until the following February , and six months after that returned to Raith Rovers .	O
In the end , their visions were obscured and became the stuff of science fiction fantasy .	O
Alternatively of nearby Mexico including 10 of hummingbirds or many species found here are characteristic of more northerly mountain climes , species .	I
He transferred to Bordeaux of France for £ 400,000 in November 1988 , and olsen 's Manchester United career ended in the 1988 – 89 season .	I
The Nadelgrat is easily visible from the north and gives the massif its characteristic pitchfork appearance .	O
Built for perimeter security as opposed to animal management and security Electric Fences are electric fences constructed using specialised equipment .	I
The collar emits a warning noise near the wire , but if this is ignored , produces a mild shock .	O
Is considered one of the first co-operatives in the world and the Fenwick Weavers ' Society was founded in Fenwick in 1761 .	I
Invited for an initial two-week trial with English club Manchester United and at the age of 17 , he was spotted by a scout .	I
He not only provided 40,000 Rohilla troops but also 70 guns to the allied .	O
They now speak Hindustani in towns , and Khari boli in their rural settlements .	O
Remained a Senator until his own retirement in 1981 and he served as government leader until 1968 when Pearson retired .	I
Storey-moore later became a bookmaker in Nottingham and worked as Forest 's chief scout .	O
A very limited archive remains online , but new material has not been added .	O
The complex measures 26 by 20 feet and is the shape of small house .	O
Jansen spoke to her on the phone but was unable to receive a response .	O
Began recording albums and he was quickly signed .	I
Later opened a corset shop and she " rented several of their bedrooms " .	I
Known for its fresh fish and it is a beautiful picnic point .	I
His mother was a Presbyterian , and his father was an Episcopalian .	I
Such an audience was not averse to pantomimic experiment , and at mid-century " experiment " very often meant Realism .	O
He wanted to study medicine but financial circumstances prevented this .	O
Finally closed in 1882 but it was restored in 1808 .	I
Obliged their members to subscribe to the " four articles " and on the other hand , the professors gave their support to Gallicanism .	I
This tilt affects the subsequent dynamic evolution of the system , but the inclination of the resulting moon 's orbit is random .	I
In 1972 , he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Sorbonne and in 1976 received another one from Madrid 's Complutense university .	O
Is federally administered as part of the Islamabad Capital Territory , and islamabad ( ; ) is the capital city of Pakistan .	I
The city is one of the safest in Pakistan , and has an expansive surveillance system with 1,900 CCTV cameras .	O
At the foot of the Margalla Hills in Islamabad Capital Territory and islamabad is located at at the northern edge of the Pothohar Plateau .	I
Each sector is divided into four numbered sub-sectors , and the sectors are lettered from A to I .	I
The labour force of Islamabad is 185,213 and the unemployment rate is 15.70 % .	O
Islamabad boasts the highest literacy rate in Pakistan at 98 % , and has some of the most advanced educational institutes in the country .	O
Exceeding fair " ) became effectively , a Lancastrian mausoleum but the church ( described by Leland in the C16th as " not large also , .	I
The Midlands Asian Television channel known as MATV Channel 6 , and leicester is home to the " Leicester Mercury " newspaper .	I
Decided against violence because his Christian morals forbade it , but he contemplated murdering his white companions with the weapon .	I
He entered law school for two years , and was nominated " avocat " in 1738 .	O
Samizdat originated from the dissident movement of the Russian intelligentsia , and most samizdat directed itself to a readership of Russian elites .	O
Maimed by years of battle , he was one-eyed and lame , with limited use of one hand .	O
In March 2011 , he was diagnosed with lymphoma , and in December 2010 , Jaruzelski suffered from severe pneumonia .	I
He was asked to rewrite the Constitution of France and founded the Fifth Republic after approval by referendum .	O
Literature at a Jesuit college who eventually founded his own school and his father , Henri de Gaulle , was a professor of history .	I
He was an hour late , and his account is not reliable .	O
Both together they will win " or they will either go down both together .	I
Establish a free France in a free Europe and the second wanted to rescue the nation from the emperors " .	I
Fresh peaches are easily bruised and do not store well .	O
The last four uprated U25Cs were rated at 2800 horsepower and were built for the Pennsylvania Railroad in December 1965 .	O
There were few jobs available , and no money for further development .	O
Uvarovite is the rarest of the common members of the garnet group , and is the only consistently green garnet species , with an emerald-green color .	O
Its tonology is unclear , but the language is tonal .	I
A 2nd person plural suffix " -ɗe " ( e.g ) and " inɗage t 'a-g " " he will eat " .	I
Historically , 97 % of graduating seniors were employed or in graduate school within a year of graduation .	O
In 2001 , Nebraska Furniture Mart bought Homemakers Furniture in Iowa and opened the Mart 's second location in Clive , Iowa .	O
It was the first " true crime " comic series and also the first comic in the crime comics genre .	O
A smaller rookery exists at Sandy Bay on Enderby Island and the smallest rookery is on Figure of Eight Island .	O
Are eventually weaned around September when they , and pups start to eat solid food just before weaning , disperse .	I
Became case law in 1827 and this was first proposed in 1500 .	I
The institution became the Stellenbosch College in 1881 and was located at the current Arts Department .	O
The palm grows only in the Amazon basin and is the object of a brisk commerce .	O
The farmers inserted the index finger into the hole and grabbed the small handle with the other fingers .	O
Jerome was one of the chief followers of Jan Hus and was burned for heresy at the Council of Constance .	O
He was constantly in and out of jail .	O
The first aircraft arrived in November 1969 and deliveries continued throughout the early 1970s .	O
That of Melanie Klein , which later influenced psychoanalytic politics worldwide and a certain division developed in England between the school of Anna Freud .	I
Lasallian university in , Illinois and lewis University is a private Roman Catholic Romeoville .	I
In September , the 259th transferred overseas for duty in Vietnam and served with distinction , being awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation .	O
The $ 321 million project commenced in June 2010 and was completed in time for the 2012 season .	O
Before that " Roberts Heights " ) is in the municipality " and " Thaba Tshwane " military base ( formerly called " Voortrekkerhoogte .	I
Increase the frequency to 2tph by December 2018 and thameslink plans to extend this service to Cambridge North .	I
A global plan for large-scale , continental infrastructure projects , and larouche also calls for a reorganization of debt world-wide .	I
The equivalent mechanistic outlook of empiricism — is termed " reductionism " ] or this discredited outlook — whether it takes the naive mechanistic [ form .	I
Ships also have FTL-cores that use the same principle , but don 't have the energy capacity of a relay .	O
The slower it can travel per unit of element zero and the bigger the ship , the more mass must be neutralized .	I
The Ultra Recon Squad will thank the Protagonist , and given them another new Ultra Beast , Poipole .	O
They are believed to be observing the sectors but direct contact has not occurred in generations .	O
Won a Silver Medal in the Team tournament for Sabre and he was part of the 2008 team in the Beijing Olympics .	I
It is a subsidiary of Canadian-based Magna International and was previously part of the Steyr-Daimler-Puch conglomerate .	O
Only those who actually took part in the fighting , but the subdued are under the conqueror 's despotical authority .	I
In Australia , it debuted at number one and spent five non-consecutive weeks at the top .	O
Promotional only single in the US on 5 May 1998 but " To Love You More " was released as the third .	I
The Mennonite Brethren movement spread throughout the Mennonite colonies and produced many distinguished leaders , particularly in Molotschna .	O
109 trucks started the rally , and 311 cars , 183 motorcycles .	I
Japanese railways use and standard gauge .	O
They take turns portraying either side of the power divide , and the focus of their role-playing is the murder of Madame .	I
Harding died into this term , and Coolidge succeeded to the presidency .	O
Being raised as a Southern Baptist in Texas , religion and family dinners were very important parts of his upbringing .	O
Ingram played in all 16 games of the 2009 season for the Patriots and helped kicker Stephen Gostkowski to make a career high 53-yard field goal .	O
Barkan has also written songs for many other artists , and was involved in " cult " bands as well .	O
She was launched on 9 June 2017 and her keel was laid on 16 May 2015 .	I
Had extensive legal knowledge , and bond was a solicitor .	I
Pining for Morwenna , Drake puts his energies into building his blacksmith business and helping his brother Sam ( David Delve ) , a devout Methodist .	O
Have no seal and these volumes are brown .	I
Have no seal and these volumes are brown .	I
Volume Three finishes the office of Andrew Jackson and covers the term of Martin Van Buren .	O
This group 's successes were many , gaining power and control inside many workers ' unions against Stalinism .	O
Peerman graduated in May 2008 with a degree in sociology and took graduate courses during his fifth year at Virginia .	O
He was re-elected in 1998 to a four-year term and re-elected again in 2002 to another four-year term .	O
Building works commenced in 1827 and were completed by 1830 .	O
Hastings enrolls about 1,800 students in grades 9-12 and has a graduation rate of 97 percent .	O
Recalculated on a computer than through a manual process and the sizes of network components can be more readily modified .	I
" Washington Talking Book & amp ; Braille Library	O
In 1853 began teaching classes at the Gymnasium in Altenburg , and afterwards , he worked as a school subrector in Ratzeburg .	I
Being a successful thief and anthony 's passion was stickball .	I
They hit the Church of Rome hard , and there were several persecutions during this century .	I
However , other authors disagreed with him and the controversy continued until the 1950s .	O
Hameed started her career as an actor in 1978 on television and also worked in theater from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s .	O
His subjects also followed their ruler and he deviated from the path of virtue .	I
The park is situated in a valley and is now an established wildlife habitat .	O
Cost 189,000 gold marks to construct and it is the largest fountain in Leipzig .	I
Is still used on some lines , but the term has largely been superseded .	I
" Astraea " too was heavily engaged and the British captured " Renommée " .	O
As a reprisal , the ground was closed for six months and Gamper was forced to relinquish the presidency of the club .	O
This format was introduced in 2011 and was implemented from August 2012 .	O
However , Yellowstone shows no signs of a supereruption at present , and it is not certain that a future supereruption will occur there .	O
The monetary cost would be high , but food storage has been proposed globally .	I
Is based at Oxford University and it was founded by Nick Bostrom .	I
Edward VI passed the land to the Wentworth family , and thence to their descendants , the Earls of Cleveland .	O
Had to apply for a new one in the United States and ultimately , he never got his license back from the Dutch police .	I
In other cases recommendations may be adopted separately and may address issues separate from particular conventions .	O
The Peace Conference adopted it without amendment on 11 April , and the Commission issued its final report on 4 March 1919 .	I
The biggest single operational programme of the ILO and it is the largest programme of its kind globally .	I
In November 9 2016 it entered into force and it was ratified for the second time in 2015 .	I
It failed to make progress , but basic English is an example .	I
The modern concept of International English does not exist in isolation , but is the product of centuries of development of the English language .	O
Well as a number of pathological states including , as igf-1 is important for both the regulation of normal physiology , cancer .	I
The derogatory sense came centuries later , and was unrelated to the political meaning .	O
Indicate something else ( allegory ) or often these characters are used to highlight .	I
Maintenance duties were transferred to SC 2 , and in June 2004 , WG 3 disbanded .	I
Law enforcement , and medical applications .	O
The IPCC does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data .	O
Make a profit with " Acorn " and ibm could not only use its own hardware .	I
Return to the standard ISA bus and eventually IBM would abandon this architecture entirely .	I
The IBM PC 's ROM BASIC and BIOS supported cassette tape storage .	O
" County town " is the current or former administrative capital of the county .	O
Usually a new word undergoes some discussion before being adopted , and care must also be taken to avoid homonyms if possible .	I
Boasts a roster of 29 international cities and the league is now known as CSz Worldwide .	I
The ISS is the largest human-made body in low Earth orbit and can often be seen with the naked eye from Earth .	O
Station redesigns after the 2003 " Columbia " disaster , and reasons include budgetary constraints , the modules becoming unnecessary .	I
Expeditions require , on average , of supplies , and , crews had consumed a total of around .	O
The Colts agreed to endorse a new NFL team for Baltimore , and under the agreement , all lawsuits regarding the relocation were dismissed .	I
After two consecutive playoff appearances , the Colts regressed and went 3 – 13 during the 1997 season .	O
Was replaced by former Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Tony Dungy and head coach Jim Mora was fired at the end of the season .	I
A pair of horseshoes at the rear of the helmet and in 1954 – 55 they were blue with a white stripe .	I
The blue jerseys have white shoulder stripes and the white jerseys have blue stripes .	O
Some studies allege disproportionately lower access to unpaid health care by immigrants , yet the non-emergency use of emergency rooms ostensibly indicates an incapacity to pay .	I
The people from the Caribbean who make Americans nervous , and this time , it 's the Mexicans , the Filipinos . "	I
Front-de-bœuf dies in the flames and ulrica sets fire to the castle .	I
" Locksley " becomes Robin Hood 's title in the Scott novel , and it has been used ever since to refer to the legendary outlaw .	O
The railway running through Ashby-de-la-Zouch was known as the Ivanhoe line between 1993 and 2005 , in reference to the book 's setting in the locality .	O
Just use plain 16-bit addressing and small programs could ignore the segmentation .	I
Ibm was offered use of the 80386 , but had manufacturing rights for the earlier 80286 .	O
Absence of movement of the relative to ground , or the difference between the two types is in the movement , footrests .	I
Soen was named as the executor of Senzaki 's estate and returned to the U.S. to settle Senzakis ' affairs .	O
He was a great scholar and was fond of literature .	O
It opened on December 10 , 1982 , and construction on the center began in 1980 .	I
Helped him sell magazines by creating an animated sideshow , and rascal also enjoyed riding in his bicycle 's basket .	I
She toured extensively as a child , and was educated in many convent schools .	O
Asked to see the coins and the Ohio inspector general became involved .	I
The band split up in 2004 and notwithstanding , the album was never recorded .	I
Was discussed more than Gonzalès ' oeuvre at her own 1885 retrospective and at the Galerie Daber 's exhibition for her work in 1950 .	O
Later developed her own , more personal style but until 1872 , she was strongly influenced by Manet .	I
Still broadcasts today as WMDO-CD and w14aa was sold in late 1981 .	I
On September 1 , 2008 , WNVC ceased broadcasting in analog permanently and took its digital signal silent temporarily to relocate to channel 24 .	O
The complex was designed by HOK Architects and is an example of postmodern architecture .	O
Is an example of postmodern architecture and the complex was designed by HOK Architects .	I
" Her body was that of a woman with a fair complexion , but her legs were those of a mule " - TSol 4 : 2	O
She travels stealthily and kills indescriminately .	O
He sang backing vocals on many songs , and sang lead on " Who Killed Mr .	O
Sessions begin at 9 am , and parliament sits Wednesday to Friday .	I
In 1787 the area was Cherokee territory and not considered part of either state .	O
Shendu goes after Jackie , but accidentally possesses Valmont instead .	O
They had tried to take Port Moresby by sea , but were defeated in the Battle of the Coral Sea .	O
Summerhill is a suburb of Launceston , Tasmania , Australia , and is located approximately west of Launceston 's central business district .	O
Irving 's first edition figures became widely accepted and were used in many standard reference works .	O
It was about as big as your shoe , but it was shaped like a rocket ! " )	O
Changed KSOL 's call letters to KYLD the following year and allen Shaw 's Crescent Communications bought the station in December 1993 .	I
Served the Royal Agricultural Society 's Woodbridge Showgrounds and the station opened on 13 July 1896 as Woodbridge .	I
Graduated in 2011 and he attended Duke University .	I
Save Alternative continued to stream online at savealternative.com and also added a simulcast on 104.9 HD-2 .	O
Was Georgia 's first new area code in 38 years , and it was created in 1992 as a split from 404 .	I
Later the Wilmington and Western Railroad .	O
He does not consider it a " classic " , but dvd Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson enjoyed the episode .	I
State senator of Missouri during the and william Harrison Norton was a well-known Missouri lawyer 1950s .	I
He was the great-grandson of United States Congressman and Missouri Supreme Court Judge Elijah Hise Norton .	O
May cause a skin rash and however , the caterpillars are spiky .	I
" D. iulia " have five larval stages , and at the fifth the larva becomes a pupa .	O
Was sent to become governor of Rûm and in 1333 , however , he was cleared .	I
Withdrew to eastern Persia and togha gave up the campaign .	I
He wanted her to have a good education and become a doctor when she grew up .	O
They had a daughter in 2007 , and she married Meng Tong in 2006 .	I
Mrs. Gordon died as well , and the script was then re-written .	I
The advancing rich merchants class emphasized the importance of work and contributing to society for all people including the elite .	O
Ibaan celebrates civic and national holidays .	O
The main language spoken is Tagalog , and a significant number now speaks Cebuano .	O
A strong opponent of Hasidism and mieses was a fluent Hebrew writer .	I
" Saturday Night Live " has parodied U.S. presidents and other politicians since the show started in 1975 .	O
Hammond has returned as Clinton several times since he left the cast , and has as of 2016 played Bill Clinton on the show 90 times .	O
Another Rostgaard stone is located in the village of Tibberup but is only inscribed with the year " 1697 " .	O
In time switched his major , and wilson began adding education classes .	I
His nomination was unanimously confirmed by the council on December 20 , and his first day on the job was February 1 , 2017 .	O
Lorenzo Moore ( 1744 – 1798 ) was a British Cavalry officer and a Member of the Irish Parliament for the constituency of Dungannon .	O
Continued his studies with Henri Gervex and after that , he moved to Paris .	I
Travadores once had a basketball club but it was eliminated in 2004 .	O
He wrote a pamphlet about his work and about the financing of church buildings .	O
Regrouped in 1583 but the community was scattered .	I
Led sessions at all the major conferences and the theologian Gustavo Gutiérrez was also a member .	I
He was also a keen rower and also a horse racing enthusiast .	O
He plays heavy metal keyboards , and owns 800 heavy metal albums .	O
Turns white with purple spots inside but the petal tube is blue at first .	I
Grew up in Mill Valley , California and boessenecker was born in San Francisco in 1953 .	I
Now is a professor of communications at this university and he received his PhD from Imam Sadiq University in 2004 .	I
Died in Bombay in 1897 and in the event , Newton retired .	I
Canadians are getting a fair share of boats but the shipping position is most difficult . "	O
Most Canadian soldiers were shocked and appalled by the riots .	O
It was then he decided on a career in journalism , and in 1930 began working at the " Melbourne Herald " .	O
The confluence is at : and the source is located at : .	I
As local politician in Rotterdam and earlier , he served as diplomat .	I
She taught the piano and occasionally composed music .	O
Are accessible remotely and these have been digitized .	I
He represented Scotland at amateur level and captained the team on occasion .	O
Analysis , India 's foreign intelligence service and anil Kumar Dhasmana is the Chief of the Research Wing .	I
White was the son of Celtic director Thomas White and was the father of Celtic director Chris White .	O
Like the latter , he kept a diary which he published and allows to understand the French cultural life over several decades .	O
As a two-year-old he won once from four starts and was gelded at the end of the year .	O
On 17 May 1961 , she took up the appointment and was promoted to commandant ( equivalent to commodore ) .	O
The building having been re-constructed in the 1920s and today it displays a modern architectural style .	O
Is of Congolese descent and ngoy was born in Belgium .	I
The White House , a campaign official , Conway , and Bannon all denied any connection with Smith 's effort .	O
Was thus the first known member of its genus , and it was discovered by Charles De Geer in 1774 .	I
Ends at the Public Garden and the Back Bay East walk begins .	I
The South End walk starts at Back Bay Station and ends at the Boston Center for the Arts .	O
Operated a quail breedery and marsh later moved to California .	I
Like Nusaybin , Şırnak also had a curfew placed on it and like Nusaybin , there were barricades made from road rubble .	O
Has since met Capone in person , and molyneux came to appreciate the parody .	I
Gumrak on the night of January 21 / 22 , and the 293rd liberated Pitomnik on January 16 , 1943 .	I
The inside of the tube is filled with woolly hairs and the outside of the petal tube is covered with glandular hairs .	I
On the 4th , Victor 's right flank division held its own but the Austrians overpowered Paul Grenier 's division on the left flank .	O
Grandjean was replaced by Laval and sent back to France .	O
She finally remembers her life on Earth and they are brought back to reality .	O
Their fourth album " Weirdon " was released in 2014 and continued the band 's direction towards a cleaner sound .	O
He was an undergraduate student at the University of Colorado and received his bachelor 's degree with honors in 1943 .	O
Jackson tore his ACL prior to this sophomore season in April 2014 but returned that year to play in 11 games with 10 starts .	O
He attended state school in Collingwood and then worked as a saddler .	O
, due to scheduling conflicts , it was postponed to August 2015 but production was scheduled to commence from December 2014 after completing the casting process .	I
Introduces himself to his mother in front of Jimsy and mahesh visits Jimson in a hospital on the next day .	I
As a child , Pushkaran heard about the incident from Purushan and discussed it with Pothan as an idea for a screenplay .	O
Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface .	O
I did it in San Francisco and it was an incredible experience .	O
Was later found on a beach and in 1719 , the idol disappeared mysteriously .	I
Are crowded so that they overlap slightly and the leaves are arranged alternately along the stem .	I
Got his B.A and he completed his gymnasium .	I
This ideology is stuck in their minds and it influences their mental structures symbolically .	O
In that year nearly all cable networks dropped Dozhd and since then the channel has been largely ignored .	O
The product is now in its 4th version release and is still used predominantly by public sector organisations .	O
We meet Sam Your 1960s Girl in Paris in the mid 1960s , and clementine , Your 1940s Girl is set during the Blitz in London .	I
Hammond school opened in 1886 but is also now closed .	O
He was a confidant of several popes and given several other positions by them .	O
Thus , Aparat users can visit a special category and watch the videos available in the considered category .	O
They were commissioned in the new Yugoslav Navy and remained in service until the early 1960s .	O
Roza was born in about 1922 and came from a Christian family .	O
Modern Roadside banquet arose in the 1970s and reached its peak in the 1980s .	O
The season began on 14 December and finished earlier on 21 June .	O
Retired general in the Jordanian Armed Forces and her father is a prominent Jordanian medical doctor .	I
Replaced by Arnie Pye and he is fired for it .	I
A ban was introduced and the fishing beds were dying .	I
I tried different ways of expressing my creativity , and obtained important skills from each of them ” .	O
People do not change , but centuries are passing by .	I
More than 1 million copies was sold and since then more than 40 books were published .	I
Subsequently printed predominantly Protestant works and wirzbięta converted from Catholicism to Calvinism .	I
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1921 .	O
I Do want him to have any trouble , and my boy is learning how to chase cats .	I
Jerry barks at Tom and Tom speeds up .	O
Was sold for scrap in 1920 and the boat survived the First World War .	I
Was sold for scrap in 1921 and the boat survived the First World War .	I
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1920 .	O
The flowers are yellow , and the plant is green .	I
Was sold for scrap in 1920 and the boat survived the First World War .	I
The family was heaped with abuse and became a byword for disrepute .	O
The skull 's teeth are original , and were purchased by Hirst in London .	O
Rewrite the book value of all his other work and it 's clearly just an elaborate ruse to drum up publicity . "	I
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1921 .	O
• Girls and Boys Hostels	O
This has varied over the centuries but essentially with the same meaning .	O
Chelsham parish was in 1961 and Farleigh was in 1951 .	O
Can also be eaten and the seeds are starchy	I
He died in 1910 , and his son the Rev .	O
Under his plan , diggers in West Africa will register and be invited to bring diamonds to a public auction .	O
Correction regarding " Reference # 7 " and our article entitled The Rap Trap .	O
" there was plenty left to hone " " but a critic described his performance is " apt .	I
It is 211.91 ly away and it has apparent magnitude + 8.21 .	I
He is then arrested and put into jail .	O
Having negative outcomes as a result , and characters have been shown attending seminars .	I
D * Face grew up in London and had a childhood interest in graffiti .	O
Burst into flame and the MB3 hit this .	I
Managing editor Chris Bergin and it is run by owner .	I
It is highly regarded as an ornamental but the wood has no industrial value .	O
He died in San Francisco , California on January 31 , 1903 , and was interred in the George H. Thomas Post plot at the Presidio .	O
Settled near Holyoke , Phillips County , and he moved to Colorado in 1885 .	I
He moved to Northampton in 1848 and continued the practice of law .	O
Born in Gilmanton , New Hampshire , Peaslee attended Gilmanton Academy and was graduated from Dartmouth College , Hanover , in 1824 .	O
However , the priest missed and injured Gangulphus ' thigh .	O
Roark was elected mayor of Greenville and served from 1918 to 1922 .	O
Was employed there until his retirement in August 1979 and he returned to the staff of the Secretary of Agriculture .	I
He resumed the practice of law after his term in Congress and was an original member of the New Hampshire Historical Society .	O
In the mercantile business and he engaged in agricultural pursuits .	I
Continued the practice of law and he moved to Madisonville in 1906 .	I
He placed out of Math 55A , 55B and jumped straight into graduate classes in mathematics .	O
He was born to American parents , Montrose Wellington Irwin and Marion Reynolds Irwin in Rosario , Argentina in 1926 .	O
He reentered Yale University and graduated in 1951 .	O
He received preparatory education at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and graduated from the law department of the same university in 1907 .	O
Then studied law on his own , and he received his early education there .	I
In 1843 , he was admitted to the bar and he began his practice in Clinton , Mississippi .	O
It was abusive and uncalled for .	O
He served as a selectman and later as an alderman .	O
Then built a home on the land in 1804 , and he lived in an already existing house at first .	I
He studied law , but did not practice .	O
His parents were poor , and he had little education .	O
He was admitted to the bar in 1950 and began the practice of law in Pueblo .	O
Wales was born in Westminster , Vermont and attended the common schools in Westminster .	O
The original dispersed settlement now rather resembles a linear village , but they did not change the fundamental appearance of the village .	I
Eventually executed by the Germans and in November 1942 she was arrested .	I
The Conservatives campaigned against the radicalism of the Liberals and their idea of massive state intervention in welfare .	O
His family was of Spanish Netherlands Huguenot origin , and had come to London as refugees in 1605 .	O
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 95th overall season .	I
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 94th overall season .	I
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 93rd overall season .	I
On October 6 they faced German club Alba Berlin and three days later they played against FC Barcelona .	O
The Mavs again fell short this by , and the game at the Oklahoma City Thunder went into overtime , time six .	I
Carter missed a chance to send it to double-obertime but mayo made a three to tie the game in regulation .	I
Italy finished in last place at the 2012 IRB Junior World Championship and has again been relegated to the Junior World Trophy for 2013 .	O
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 88th overall season .	I
Was possibly the last family member to see him alive , and in 1573 , she visited her deposed father in prison .	I
That hospital staff would not allow her to leave , but she told reporters that she wanted to go home .	I
Jiyuan told reporters he was not sure if it would ever come and as of July 13 , the family had not received the promised compensation .	I
Laser Time is a weekly comedy podcast and website host to multiple other podcasts .	O
Dave Rudden are no longer actively involved with the Lasertime Network and episode 100 is assumed to be the final episode as Henry Gilbert .	I
Participated in recitals for Radio Audizioni Italiane and he was first a violinist at La Scala .	I
Was rectangular and the two-story building faced east , about .	I
Ian takes Nica to the garage but is unable to find Alice .	O
The arresting officer gets in his car and sees Chucky breathing in the bag .	O
I 'd say a lot of our songs are relationship-oriented , and not just because everybody can identify with it , either .	O
Jay Z will be the curator and the headliner for the festival .	O
Was promptly appointed colonel of the 28th Texas Cavalry Regiment and randal resigned from the U.S. Army on February 27 , 1861 .	I
Initially was buried near the battlefield and he died on May 2 , 1864 .	I
Is a Division II competitor in the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association , and ipswich High School is a member of the Cape Ann League .	I
The highway was cancelled and relocated in 1983 .	O
A. Wellington managed the station from the 1870s for Burges and remained in the area until his death in 1904 .	O
She did not compete this year , but julie Halard-Decugis was the defending champion .	I
It is on the Kent Peninsula , and has its mouth on Dease Strait .	O
It also looked at the use of intelligence information and how this was presented to the UK Government .	O
Zipchen was educated in rural schools and at the University of Saskatchewan .	O
From 2007-2008 session each class had two sections and the school rose to nearly 800 students .	O
Kyle Anderson from " Entertainment Weekly " was positive towards the song , but was critical towards its inclusion on the album due to its length .	O
It ran in color until partway through 1905 , and came to an end December 9 , 1906 .	O
Won via submission a minute into the first round and in the opening round at , he faced Zelg Galesic .	I
It was established in 1980 and is published by Elsevier .	O
Has four children , and he is married .	I
Sentenced to prison in 1992 , and he was arrested in 1990 .	I
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 87th overall season .	I
Although the line remains open the station closed in November 1964 and has been demolished , except for parts of the platforms .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1896 , and a post office was opened in Corinth in 1872 .	I
Bruno Carranza had become president , but Gutiérrez had held real power .	O
Finex is based in Portland , Oregon and manufactures cast-iron cookware in the US .	O
Christopher Whall had made six windows for the chapel from 1903 to 1909 and Parsons had added another in 1915 so Pocock was in illustrious company .	O
Robert was a courtier of James IV of Scotland , and was bought expensive clothing for his role in 1494 .	O
More than 30 protesters were injured and one was killed by birdshot .	O
Their album was released in Japan 2005 , and in Europe the following year , 2006 .	O
Margaret was not considered Philip 's royal mistress , but was treated as if though they were married .	O
Thualsi is well-respected in his hometown , and he never lies at any circumstance .	O
The prince-archbishop of Bremen later failed to redeem the mortgage , and the Haseldorf Marsh has been part of Holstein ever since .	O
Kaspar was an actress and possibly a prostitute .	O
She had influence upon the development of the state , and he asked her advice in matters of state affairs .	I
Rory recovers from his possession and does not remember anything .	O
26.3 % were of German and 13.3 % English ancestry .	O
Measured the full life cycle of a tornado in eastern Goshen County and on 5 June 2009 , a weather research team known as VORTEX2 observed .	I
Rivers punctuated by isolated hills like Powers Bluff and the remainder of the county is drained by smaller streams , .	I
5.7 % Polish ancestry according to 2000 and 52.4 % were of German , 6.2 % Irish Census .	I
1.4 % German as their first language and 94.5 % spoke English , 3.4 % Spanish .	I
96.6 % spoke English , 1.4 % Spanish and 1.3 % German as their first language .	O
1.2 % German as their first language and 94.3 % spoke English , 2.2 % Spanish .	I
It has not supported a Democrat for president since 1964 , and has only supported a Democrat four other times since 1892 .	O
Walworth County comprises the Whitewater-Elkhorn , WI Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Milwaukee-Racine-Waukesha , WI Combined Statistical Area	O
1.2 % German as their first language and 95.9 % spoke English , 1.3 % Spanish .	I
95.5 % spoke English , 1.9 % Spanish and 1.4 % German as their first language .	O
6.7 % Polish ancestry according to 2000 and 47.2 % were of German , 7.3 % Irish Census .	I
1.4 % German as their first language and 95.1 % spoke English , 1.6 % Spanish .	I
1.1 % German as their first language and 94.8 % spoke English , 2.8 % Spanish .	I
Part of Marinette County borders Lake Michigan , and this area is home to endemic plants .	O
The county was created in 1875 and named after President Abraham Lincoln .	O
31.4 % were of German , 30.2 % Norwegian and 5.2 % Irish ancestry according to Census 2000 .	O
94.7 % spoke English , 2.2 % Spanish and 1.5 % Winnebago as their first language .	O
94.2 % spoke English , 3.0 % Spanish and 1.8 % German as their first language .	O
In 1689 Nicholas Perrot passed through the territory and claimed it for the King of France .	O
5.3 % American ancestry according to Census 2000 and 57.7 % were of German , 6.1 % Irish .	I
95.5 % spoke English , 2.1 % Spanish and 1.3 % German as their first language .	O
7.0 % Irish ancestry according to 2000 and 37.4 % were of German , 21.5 % Norwegian Census .	I
5.1 % Irish ancestry according to Census 2000 and 39.3 % were of German , 22.6 % Norwegian .	I
95.7 % spoke English , 1.6 % Spanish and 1.5 % Hmong as their first language .	O
10.3 % Belgian ancestry and 39.4 % were of German .	I
1.2 % German as their first language and 96.0 % spoke English , 1.7 % Spanish .	I
8.8 % Polish ancestry according to 2000 and 44.3 % were of German , 22.1 % Norwegian Census .	I
1.1 % German as their first language and 96.9 % spoke English , 1.6 % Spanish .	I
Provided the commentary and bodrov conducted the game .	I
Is named for Spencer Roane and the county was founded in 1856 .	I
Charming in a laid-back manner and gobel 's singing voice proved accurate .	I
One Little League field and one softball field .	O
Its county seat is Ripley , and its largest municipality is Ravenswood .	O
Named for Samuel Hardy a distinguished and the county was created from Hampshire County in 1786 , Virginian .	I
He served as Governor until 1652 and was reappointed Governor in 1660 .	O
The county seat is Colfax , and its largest city is Pullman .	O
The average household size was 2.43 , and the average family size was 2.97 .	O
The median family income was $ 55,027 , and the median household income was $ 46,975 .	I
Operates two breakbulk cargo terminals and in addition , the port owns .	I
The county seat is Chehalis , and its largest city is Centralia .	O
A series of experiments in the 1920s , and these include experiments from 1902 to 1905 .	I
His family ended up settling in Princeton , New Jersey , and buddy was born in Fairborn , Ohio , near Dayton .	I
Played rockabilly music in Ray Campi 's band and in 1975 , he moved to Austin , Texas .	I
Full of raindrops and his hair was windblown .	I
Schoolchildren in East Berlin were depicted saluting their memorial and their colleagues killed on the border were hailed as heroes .	I
Doherty held the seat for Sinn Féin , but with Deeny polling strongly in second place .	O
At times difficult to understand and the writing style is very dense .	I
Sit on yet older rocks , Lewisian gneiss , and they are amongst the oldest rocks in Britain .	I
Oviraptorids had short snouts and very deep mandibles .	O
The city hosts the administrative offices of Kollam district and is a prominent trading city for the state .	O
The town is in the Congleton constituency and the current MP is Fiona Bruce .	O
There is light industry , manufacturing and warehouses at Millbuck Industrial Area .	O
Is run by Cheshire East Council and sandbach Leisure Centre is on Middlewich Road .	I
The prominent mural was by Ismail Mustam and the building 's architect was Lee Yoon Thim .	I
However a good salon will take this into account and will have the expertise to handle any problems .	O
Now Frindsbury is considered part of Strood , but strood was part of Frindsbury until 1193 .	I
Seed Mill with its own sidings and over the pond was built an Oil .	I
It is significantly less widespread than other popular web languages , but many web hosting companies support Miva Script on their servers .	I
Banner pushes Rick into a protective trench saving his life , but absorbing the gamma rays that transform Banner into the Hulk .	O
The Rick of the " Future Imperfect " timeline and he was defeated by the Rick Jones of the present .	I
These translations can then be applied to a site and users can manage content in their native languages .	O
This run parallel to the existent internet based Unearthed competition , but only allowed high school aged bands to submit original work .	O
With certain sections of the 50-fathom curve and hawaiian yellowfins associate with anchored fish aggregation devices .	I
Another for files , and one for folders .	I
It is restricted in its operations , but it represents the normal file manager .	I
Pontiac incorporated as a village in 1837 and later as a city in 1861 .	O
The ODEON in-house magazine " Onscreen " was re-branded and re-launched as " ODEON " magazine in 2012 .	O
Had five RBI in a 13 2 over the and on April 16 , 2008 , Rentería hit his fifth career grand slam – victory Indians .	I
It is held on the last Saturday of May and is also the world 's largest bottle drive .	O
Provides service to over 16,000 licensed establishments in Ontario and with regards to distribution , TBS operates its own fleet .	I
Was extensively restored from 1972 to 1982 but favorite fell into disrepair in the 20th century .	I
Primarily for , the Old Order Amish , and family Life is a magazine published by .	I
Widely used forms of convexity in finance and bond convexity is one of the most basic .	I
The predominant chemical used was potassium nitrate , although sodium nitrate , and lead ( II ) acetate also appear to have been used .	O
Drops back to the lower cam profile as engine speed decreases , and mivec switches to the higher cam profile as engine speed increases .	I
Assigned to Fort Robinson , Neb and he was promoted to Major in 1896 .	I
Since 2005 , natural gas production in Qatar has significantly increased and is the primary fuel chosen for energy consumption within Qatar .	O
She founded the Rhode Island Trial Judges Association and served as its president for several years .	O
Others in places such as Makassar and fourteen in Java , three in Sumatra .	I
Educated at Fitzwilliam College , Cambridge and mcintosh was born in Edinburgh , Scotland .	I
Each player could receive up to ten votes from each judge , and each committee member could award votes to up to eight players .	I
All five won their individual Mark of the Week votes , and overall , five Carlton marks were nominated throughout the season .	I
All three won their individual Goal of the Week votes , and overall , three Carlton goals were nominated throughout the season .	I
Canada also expressed concerns over the DRC 's relations with Canadian companies , and the abstention was reportedly linked directly to First Quantum 's legal proceedings .	O
He is a two-time Belgian national champion and has won six senior international medals .	O
Hurt his knee on a wet field at Fenway Park and eight days later , Long , playing left field , slipped .	I
Had closed again by September 1904 and the facility opened on 10 July 1901 .	I
Served the lower valley of the Biela in Saxon Switzerland " and it was operated by the firm of " Bielathal-Motorbahn Königstein .	I
It marked his first season with over 100 tackles and was his first season starting all 16 games .	O
Also allowed them to forget about running the software altogether , and this allowed clients to pay subscription instead of license fees .	I
There is a long way to go , but nucleic acid analyses are eroding many difficulties .	I
She was later nominated for the Seanad and was elected on the 26th count .	O
Tarantino finished the script on April 26 , 2011 , and handed in the final draft to The Weinstein Company .	O
Played college football at The Citadel and allen grew up in Citra , Florida .	I
She also visited the Occupied Palestinian territories with Christian Aid in 2013 and is a vocal advocate of the rights of the Palestinian people .	O
Was educated at Hitchin , Hertfordshire , and he was born 29 November 1718 .	I
Was fourth on the squad with 57 tackles and in 2009 Hines was a starter at free safety .	I
All of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control .	O
However , jama may refer to nominals of all classes , and jimi may also refer to nominals of the vegetable class .	O
Is also known as the Plaza Resort Van der Valk and it is operated by the Van der Valk family of hoteliers .	I
He rushed for 13 yards on five carries and scored no touchdowns as a running back .	O
Then started all of Philadelphia 's remaining 13 games and he became the Eagles starting weak-side linebacker before week 4 .	I
Won with 61 % of the vote and he faced Richard Sosalla in the general election .	I
No further action was taken before the 1943 election was called but jolliffe said that he would appeal the decision to the Supreme Court .	I
Jacqueline wore little jewelry with the dress , but what she did wear had personal significance .	O
This version reached No.39 on the UK Singles Chart and entered the top-10 on the German Singles Chart .	O
Coastal carbonate calcium carbonate brought about by continuous diastrophism and it is composed of three islets interconnected through basal karst .	I
Also implements international agreements on ICTs locally and the Authority coordinates country positions at these fora .	I
He was born in 1990 in Kigali and as a child moved to France .	O
I-rtx is iodinated at the 5-position and is therefore also called 5-iodoresiniferatoxin .	O
Was the newspaper 's first headquarters and that building had been completed in 1857 .	I
Prostitution in Angola is illegal and prevalent since the 1990s .	O
Married men living away from home , or many of these are single men .	I
Most women work independently and few have pimps .	O
The bars are frequently raided and the foreign prostitutes deported .	O
Edna changes her date partners a little too often and George dreaming to become speaker in the radio .	O
Anne Minter was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
Kimball has boasted to friends of multiple other murders , but authorities have uncovered no direct evidence corroborating his claims .	O
The residue is pitted and porous in appearance .	O
Angadipuram has a flourishing tourist industry because of its famous temples and is located about from Malappuram on the road to Palghat .	O
Initially , until the early 1850s , matches were played against club sides but from the start of the 1850s the club found regular County opponents .	O
Sharks generally reach sexual maturity only after several years of life and produce very few offspring in comparison to other harvested fish .	O
, due to the G.I , and the school reopened in 1946 .	I
However , he went unsigned , and spent 2016 out of football .	O
Now he is in RRRF and functions as Police Commandant .	O
Drug dealer on the of San Antonio and as a teenager , Martin was a gang member streets .	I
Did not compete that year but gabriela Sabatini was the defending champion .	I
Disconnected from the world and both men become increasingly distracted .	I
It 's unclear if he has also weakened in his resolve , and ramsey is then romanced by Adrianne , much to his bemusement .	I
Pat was born of England and is of Jamaican descent .	O
The forming of neo-endemics hindered and thereby pre-glacial endemism was mostly destroyed .	I
Alan McArthur and by Steve Lowe .	I
Stares into her eyes and julia grabs Valentina 's arm .	I
In 1914 , he resigned and took up social work .	O
Wood WINDS AND soliloquy FOR BRASS -1958	I
Those from English Harbour were obliterated with “ A18 ” ” and letters from St John ’ s were postmarked “ A02 .	I
There was now also the option of an LPG-powered two-litre engine , and the expanded diesel range now went up to a four-litre six .	O
At the same time continued his education and following demobilisation he joined the Polish State Railways .	I
Performed the Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No , and he studied piano as a youth .	I
120 of them being female , and 115 of them being male .	I
Strengthened gradually and des moved east-southeastward .	I
Dissipated on 25 February and the storm then curved southwestward .	I
Seán Cunningham , Irish cooperative activist and Republican , 1918 – 1997 .	O
It is a continuation of the New England Province and is the southern end of the Hudson Highlands .	O
Hid behind the doll and maria went to the castle .	I
Day without ( , 1995 ) / meanwhile , wages for other labourers were 62 cents benefits Zubir .	I
" A Rebellion " with Alori Joh " and he had recorded the songs " Empathy .	I
Were received unfavourably by potential recording labels , but they sought to have it recorded professionally .	I
Was so persistent that his father let him go and a king 's only son wanted to see the world .	I
Douglas is also a member of the Ohio Hall of Fame , and in 1999 was inducted into the Arizona State Hall of Fame .	O
Is managed by an appointed Superintendent of Schools and dcsd is governed by a 7-member elected school board .	I
Were concealed by Baker in a back room and the group reached Baker 's on 30 April 1774 .	I
A leading exponent of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart worldwide and edith Mathis ( born 11 February 1938 ) is a Swiss soprano .	I
Gowrie Junction is a town and locality north-west of Toowoomba .	O
Then Chinese Taipei ( Taiwan and for the United States until 2004 )	I
Most years the scheme provides grants to a range of charitable causes , but in drought years , it may not make a profit to donate .	I
The town is part of the Sea Lake Nandaly Football Club and until 2015 had a game played in Berriwillock every year .	O
This adventure pits the players against the devices of the Maures and the machinations of the Demon Queen of Succubi , Malcanthet .	O
Jamaica and the Cayman Islands ) .	I
Then hitchhiked on to Panama and he got as far as Guatemala .	I
Billed as " The Little Lady with the Big Voice " , and she is sometimes known by her former name of Peggy Scott .	I
In 1833 the three schools were effectively merged and in 1834 a purpose-built schoolhouse was opened .	O
His son Mahinda , who brought Buddhism to Sri Lanka , and he was the spiritual teacher of the Mauryan Emperor Ashoka .	I
The Deputy Principal is Colin Campbell and the senior school Principal is Michael Coffey .	I
It was modestly successful at the box office and was among Arliss ' most popular films .	O
Ends their engagement her to follow her heart and moved by the generosity of her sacrifice , Montgomery confronts her , allowing .	I
In England , censors objected to the picture 's title and it was released as " The Silent Voice " .	O
It was in the 1st Air Division heavy bomber base area and more than fifty miles west of any other fighter airfield .	O
Took a full day to repair and the damage to the airfield was extensive .	I
It returned to Camp Kilmer New Jersey and was inactivated on 10 November 1945 .	O
Entered a monastery to escape the ensuing power struggle , but chai 's half brother , Prince Tien became regent .	I
Is administered by the Simon Property Group and the mall is owned by Northwestern Simon Inc. .	I
She remained co-host until August 2012 and was replaced by Jane Hall .	O
She left on maternity leave in late 2006 and has since announced she will not return .	O
Antonio dresses as a sailor and mellida dresses as a page boy .	I
Reactor steels , and aluminium alloys .	I
Reacted by shooting Foley in the knee and mansker then saw Foley reach into his waistband .	I
Foley had been there with teammates following a Chargers team dinner and was spotted swaying around the club , hitting on waitresses .	O
He joined Scottish club Hibernian on a short-term deal in September 2016 , and then returned to England to play for Northampton Town in January 2017 .	O
He signed a new one-year contract with the club on 26 August , but injuries disrupted his first-team appearances in the early part of the season .	O
The second dorsal fin is small and positioned opposite the anal fin .	O
Murray has had a solo career since 1989 and had issued eight studio albums by 2014 .	O
The Falcon and windy Mick	I
The men took turns manning the towers and other fortifications assigned to each regiment .	O
Iipumpu Ya Tshilongo was later arrested and forced into exile to Kavango .	O
A short branch was built to serve it , opening in 1882 , and in 1882 the Duncan pit started operation , near West Wemyss station .	I
" White People and the Damage Done	O
Orchard originally played for Ngongotaha and represented Bay of Plenty .	O
Well as Guam 's national soccer team , as she played on Biola 's soccer team .	I
The killing occurred on Friday , March 16 , 1984 , and it was captured on camera by a news television crew .	O
California police raided the motel and arrested Doucet without incident .	O
There is no surviving example in preservation , and all members of the class were scrapped .	I
A member of the Pennsylvania Society of New York and mccreight was a founder of the Pennsylvania Banker 's Association .	I
Full of business , and don was thirteen .	I
Mccreight joined them for a chat and cody was having breakfast with his wife .	I
Without his help , Felix 's farm failed , and the impact on David 's family was catastrophic .	I
The five warrior cousins were braves and vigorous battle men of distinction .	O
Brady visits Madison in her hotel room and demands the know the whole truth .	O
Later moved to San Antonio , Texas but erik Parker was born in Stuttgart , Germany .	I
Christopher was recognized as coadjutor , and they were released in 1557 .	I
Shot Jain at point-blank range through his abdomen and after taking off his shoes he entered the temple .	I
Killed by police and he was then shot .	I
The branches are about in diameter and can grow to in length .	O
Describes the impact it has on the United States ' national security and in her book , Longmire gives an overview of Mexico 's drug war .	I
The bus body was from Orlandi and had a 130 HP engine .	O
Described Mako as " kind of a terrible person " " and reviewer Hannah Strom described the love triangle as " ridiculousness .	I
At the top of his list was for Korra and Asami to “ love Mako no more ” .	O
Bolin is characterized as being somewhat dimwitted , but having a " heart of gold . "	O
In April 2016 , Trivago reached 1,000 employees and began building a new campus in Düsseldorf .	O
Model Anna Puck ( since 2017 ) and in Germany , the Trivago girl is German actress June .	I
Then played for their farm team U América FC and ronceros played in the youth teams of Universitario de Deportes .	I
Damage any ships or she did not sink .	I
Mettey served as Pastor at Walnut Hills Baptist Church for 11 years and in 1980 he began a 12-year pastorate at Montgomery Community Church .	O
Pulled him to the floor and brunswijk grabbed Doekhi by the ankles .	I
She did not sink or damage any ships .	O
Are planned as or infrastructure developments have taken place follows :	I
Lies within the Stonehenge World Heritage Site , and the parish is rich in archaeological features .	I
I 'm producing [ the album ] and writing it , it 's good .	O
Drago Žiljak became head coach and in February 2007 Prskalo was sacked .	I
Provided defensive cover and gojun scored two goals .	I
Where knocked out during the main round by Sweden and at the 2011 World Championship Croatia passed the group stage .	I
Luther Pendragon handles all media inquiries for London and Winchester dioceses of the Church of England .	O
The doublet of green damask , and the mantle of top crimson .	O
Hunting was regarded as a noble activity in Italy and was a central ingredient in medieval Romance literature .	O
Told reporters that he was there to " represent the Christians " and a single opponent turned up in an " I Love Jesus " hat .	I
The chickpeas are steamed and shelled before serving .	O
It is spoken in 5 different dialects and the language of the people is called Izere .	I
Drags her to the living room , and leland chases Maddy up the stairs .	I
He was transferred to the 5th Brigade in 1911 and to the 2nd Brigade on 1 October 1912 .	O
He led the Horizon League in three-point field goal percentage at 44.8 % and placed sixth in the conference in blocked shots with 1.1 per contest .	O
He represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics as well as four outdoor World Championships in Athletics .	O
Were surrounded by numerous vessels and the dead lay on a bed .	I
Thomas is married to Jane Thomas and has a son , Spencer .	O
Was disqualified after falling at the 8th hurdle but he represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics .	I
After Lewis stopped coaching Stich he returned home to New Zealand and started up a junior development programme with his brother Chris .	O
Raised in Lancaster , Lancashire , and bale was born in Manchester .	I
Grapes and guavas are grown too .	I
Formula _ 256 ; both formula _ 257 and formula _ 258 are assumed to exist .	O
The house is open to the public and the restoration of Turner 's House is now complete ; .	I
Retired at the end of that year , and he did not seek reelection in 2015 .	I
The adult are on the wing in January but can be seen as late as June .	O
It is endemic to New Zealand , and can be found on Antipodes Island .	O
Greyer towards the termen , but the hindwings are grey-whitish .	I
The Bounsall Super Prospector is an American STOL homebuilt aircraft that was designed and produced by Bounsall Aircraft of Mesquite , Nevada , introduced in 1990s .	O
It is locally common in Thomsons Bush in Invercargill as well on the Cascade Road in South Westland .	O
The first line is white and margined with black posteriorly .	O
This damage ensures the leaf cannot be used in weaving .	O
Comic Book Guy continues to date Kumiko , and they both decide to move in together .	O
She has an older brother , Guillermo Cisneros , and an older sister , Carolina Cisneros de Rodríguez .	O
However , Lamhamedi failed to complete his second run , and so ended the slalom competition without a final position .	O
Took on a series of jobs at the Taganka Theatre and after spending a year in Tbilisi , he returned to Moscow .	I
The preparatory for the merchant marine had a capacity for 350 students , and was officially considered an institution of higher education in the same year .	O
The builders were M. Bartnett and Sons of New Rochelle .	O
The family enterprises expanded rapidly and competed with Cologne companies .	O
Helped to economically empower rural Africans in the short run and the program created jobs in ecological restoration of the surrounding landscape .	I
" The characters names are in both Chinese and dialect ( if any ) romanization . "	O
Their son Charles Luke Lund became a farmer and later was a governor of Hilton College .	O
Darling has been called the counterpart to WINE but for running OS X apps in Linux .	O
" Warr Acres " received generally mixed reviews but overall barely positive reception from music critics .	O
Is the home ground of NK Krka and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
English Heritage , who nearly spot-listed the pub to save it and however , this was opposed by CAMRA , the Twentieth Century Society .	I
It composition was by Jacob Wiener and the engraver John Henry Robinson .	O
The stamps were sold from post-offices across the country but some were also issued to postmen for sale .	O
Winners are listed first and highlighted with boldface .	O
Made five appearances in 1982 , from rounds 15 to 19 , but he didn 't feature in the seniors at all in 1981 .	I
Was attached to 22nd Mounted Brigade thereafter and inverness-shire RHA remained with the ANZAC Mounted Division .	I
The team dissolved in 1972 , but was later reestablished in 1992 .	O
The 2010 Winter Olympics and they also skipped the 2002 .	I
He played in another reserves premiership in 1981 , but didn 't make a senior appearance all year .	O
He died in Karagandy Province and was rehabilitated in 1991 .	O
In 911 the Ganzhou Uyghurs attacked the Kingdom of Jinshan and forced them into an alliance as a lesser partner .	O
In 983 Jingqiong died and Lusheng succeeded him .	O
Huaining Shunhua Khagan succeeded him and in 1016 Zhongshun Baode Khagan died .	I
In 1023 Huaining Shunhua Khagan died and Guizhong Baoshun Khagan succeeded him .	O
Regarded as a three-star prospect according to both Rivals.com and Scout.com , Harris was ranked as the No .	O
Harris attended the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis , Indiana , but was limited to the 40-yard dash due to his injury .	O
Wayda was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Southern California .	O
In June 1959 , it became Upbury Manor school and was official re-opened by actress Dame Edith Evans .	O
Developed , giving a maximum speed of and her engine was rated at 360 nominal horsepower .	I
League Division 2 champions and runners-up , respectively .	O
It includes a 24-hour emergency department , and is served by many ambulance companies .	O
The marginal line is black and consists of connected dots .	O
He was apprenticed to James Church , house-surgeon to the Newcastle Infirmary , and then in 1832 became a medical student at University College , London .	O
Allen ordained Brown a deacon , and an elder the following year .	O
Had three children and igor Nikitin was married .	I
French biographer Anne Bleuzen wrote that she is " interplanetary " , and Italian author Francesco Falconi felt that she is an icon eternal .	O
It was formed in 2010 , but remains an online virtual movement .	O
Later on his successor Michel Preud 'homme and ferrera was firstly the assistant of Johan Boskamp .	I
Hunt makes a move toward Mr. Clark and is shot , knocking him unconscious .	O
I certainly knew she was a brilliant writer , but I didn 't know what the intent was .	O
He was born in Pamplona , Spain , in 1930 and raised in Ansó until he was 9 years old .	O
A full soundtrack album was released by Republic Records on December 14 , and was curated to represent what a teen like Morales would listen to .	O
Boehn attainted his officer 's commission on 15 June and was appointed to Portepeefähnrich on 7 July 1868 .	O
He was decommissioned on 27 January 1919 and boehn 's units were demobilized on 18 January .	I
Viterbo , however , resigned on 20 September 2015 and later replaced by Filipe Gouveia on 24 September .	O
The cinematography was helmed by Rammy and the dialogues were written by Balaji K .	I
Its second chaetiger lacks dorsal cirri but has a large papilla instead .	O
He never exaggerate the subject and use real life humor .	O
Technical guidelines for the interconnection to the grid are also now available and the Government Electrical Inspectorate is prepared to perform inspection of installations .	O
The dining room was clearly updated in the mid-19th century , but the interior retains a significant amount of Federal period woodwork .	I
Bo Ackal touched many lives during his lifetime , and I am so grateful that he touched mine .	O
He will live forever in our memories and we will certainly feel his loss .	O
He was a brewer before entering politics , and also served as an alderman at Fairfield .	O
Dr. Bartley Morgan appears to be a highly respectable doctor , and runs a profitable private practice with his nurse Margaret Hopkins .	O
The pure Romanesque fabric was altered slightly and later encased with a Baroque facade .	O
Before the facade was erected , the portico would be seen from afar and would take pilgrims up a large flight of stairs to approach it .	O
All the members of Anvaya originate from Cambodia and have lived among the Cambodian diaspora communities .	O
Bakhtawar is released and rashid wins the case .	I
Radio stations loved to play his music and listeners derived much pleasure from them .	O
It was completed in 2010 at a cost of and the foundation stone of the line was laid in 1999 .	I
, upon the whole , successful management and a year later he retired from his long .	I
Can deal with the property of the company and the liquidator will take over operation of the company .	I
Well as any future matches that have been scheduled , as the following is a list of recent match results .	I
Quickly befriends Wallace Cheuk upon working at Clayton Hau Chamber and he has been good friends with Keith Lau since law school .	I
Seymour never married , and had no children .	O
She died at age 79 in Los Angeles , and is interred in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery .	O
Never appeared in the actual film , but smurfette appeared on the promotional poster .	I
Huang was born in Taichung , Taiwan , and moved to Singapore at an early age .	O
Patron of the arts and was a New Zealand businessman .	I
After a year as a boarder Denis left Edinburgh and came to London to live with his family .	O
Half to the 7-point victory in the championship game and tyler Thornton hit two key three-pointers with less than a minute secure .	I
His brother was the historian and folklorist ( 1790-1849 ) .	O
Londee , however , more than met the challenge in live performances and came to develop a much more mature voice on future releases .	O
Returned in an attempt to rescue his boyfriend , Louis Broussard , but mcc assistant pastor George " Mitch " Mitchell managed to escape .	I
After being drafted by the Blackhawks , Shalunov returned to Russia and played the 2011 – 12 MHL season with Belye Medvedi .	O
Additional income source for the family and animals raised are generally for home consumption .	I
Deepest with a maximum depth of and of these , Bde Maka Ska is the largest , covering .	I
He also served as Assignment Editor at WTTG-TV in Washington , D.C. , and as News Editor at WRC ( NBC ) Radio in Washington D.C .	O
Are by far the oldest material available on our planet and most meteorites date from the oldest times in the Solar System .	I
Performed as Michael Shaun Norton and prior to 2005 , he toured .	I
Accredited IST and acsi has commended .	I
Its members are the public universities and statutory research councils it serves .	O
Later , left unattended , Song attempts to kill himself and is taken to a hospital in a critical condition .	O
By the end of 2008 had played a handful of senior games , and he joined the North Adelaide Football Club in 2006 to play under-17s .	I
Drummers Tommy , Marky , and Richie attended the ceremony .	O
Continues south , crossing the border into Kreuzlingen and it runs on the west along the brick pond .	I
She went on winning different pageants , and represented Italy at Miss World 2009 .	O
Returned to the Tigers in 1995 but bowes left Glasgow for Reading in 1994 .	I
In Eastern Japan it is associated with the Ebisu faith , and in Western Japan it is associated with the Daikoku faith .	O
They make their nests in shallow burrows and up on top , penguins are very numerous .	I
In 2011-12 it budgeted $ 944,395 for athletics and in 2009-10 it spent $ 964,809 on extracurricular athletics .	I
It is situated approximately west from the market town of Louth , and in the Lincolnshire Wolds , an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .	O
Some of these species are exotics ( not native to Montana ) and some species have been designated as " Species of Concern " .	O
Kaljumäe plays mainly as a defensive midfielder but can also play as a defender .	O
He won his second Estonian Cup in 2014 , and his second Meistriliiga title in the 2014 season .	O
At two she also won her maiden race and she finished 2nd in the Natalma Stakes-Gr.3 .	O
She was sold to her managers in 1950 and renamed " Nancy Moller " in 1951 .	O
She is trained by Kathy Walsh and she is owned by Joan Hadley Thoroughbreds .	I
Was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and it won the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film .	I
After leaving the army he joined Durdon Smith Communications and then became the chief executive of SGL Communications .	O
He often fell asleep and was very stupid .	O
When cooked the peas turn brown , and are very sweet to the taste .	O
From 16 May 1931 served on the staff of RAF Singapore , and 205 Squadron , based at Singapore , on 7 January 1930 .	I
Beverley benefited somewhat from the proximity of Hull during the Industrial Revolution , and became the county town for the East Riding administrative county in 1892 .	O
Historians knew that the boats were old , but only now do they know how old .	O
It was announced in December 2007 but was not named until 2008 .	O
This moved into Lion Yard in 1975 , but it was once the main city library .	I
Have thick septa ( cross-walls ) and paraphyses are 2.5 – 3.5 µm thick .	I
The feast itself took place in the marketplace and involved the roasting of a whole ox .	O
The excavation will begin in the coming months and the towers will be completed in 2015 .	O
Earned 16 appearances in the A Lyga and for the 2010 season he returned to Žalgiris .	I
This is extremely labour-intensive and physically demanding work .	O
São Marcos da Ataboeira is a Portuguese town / parish in the municipality of Castro Verde .	O
Sandy owned a Ford dealership at the time and consequently the cars were all Ford products .	O
Played Granny in " Employee of the Month " and her mother , Barbara Joyce Dodd , was an actress .	I
Was credited as Kerry Remsen Phillips , and rremsen played the part of Constance .	I
The party joined David Ben-Gurion 's government , but Hamdan did not receive a ministerial portfolio .	O
Again joined the governing coalition , and he was re-elected in 1955 .	I
He obtained his medical degree from New York Medical College and completed a residency in psychiatry at New York Hospital .	O
Pacelli moved there in 1925 and a nunciature was opened in Berlin .	I
Lost this championship on the final day to Al-Ahli ( Manama ) , but muharraq Club had been the defending champions for the previous four seasons .	I
From 2011 onwards twelve teams played the tournament and were divided into three groups of four .	O
In the upper Nemakit-Daldyninan , and possibly earlier in Mongolia .	O
Ochieng Nelly Mengo was born in Nyanza in 1950 and developed interest in music while still at school .	O
Four-bladed propellers for comparison with the original metal two-bladers two- and the first machine was fitted with several different wooden .	I
Dihydroxyterephthalic acid using diphosphorus pentoxide as a dehydrating agent and m5 fiber is prepared by a condensation polymerization between tetraaminopyridine .	I
Les Favell ran in to take the catch on the boundary and the partnership ended when Watson pulled a full toss from the captain .	I
Grossed $ 211 million worldwide and it received mixed reviews from critics .	I
This was a special short produced for the film 's use , and did not become part of an official episode of the sitcom .	O
He is currently a Senior Research Scholar and President Emeritus of the Hastings Center .	O
Was coached by Welfare Officer Jim Crow and the team played their games at Mutende ground .	I
Efford Chabala also established himself as first choice goalkeeper and ashols Melu joined the team in 1980 from Konkola Blades .	I
Yes , we are losing for now but results will come very soon . "	O
Brady 's mom knows something is wrong , but can 't figure out what it is .	O
Can still be used today and these devices can interoperate with 802.11b .	I
Does not exceed the federal cost of borrowing plus 1 percentage point and the interest rate on direct loans is determined by the Farm Service Agency .	I
Was transferred to the Defence Ministry in 1963 and it was renamed as Praga Tools Limited in 1963 .	I
In 2008 , it was estimated that 53,000 drinking and driving cases are heard every year in Canada .	O
Went on to play 7 games that season and his debut was against the New South Wales Waratahs .	I
Was raised to geostationary orbit by means of an Inertial Upper Stage , and tdrs-e was deployed from " Atlantis " around six hours after launch .	I
Can go from 0-60 in 3.5 seconds and the car can reach 200 miles per hour .	I
Had four children and he was married twice .	I
His mother a first Irish immigrant and his father was a first generation Lebanese immigrant generation .	I
It was cheap at the price , / / Though the supper wasn 't nice . "	I
Collins hired flamboyant divorce lawyer Marvin Mitchelson and the proceedings became a media circus .	O
The beak is long and presents no casque .	O
She had begun work on a companion volume to Pagansong , but it unfortunately remained incomplete at the time of her death .	O
Their eyes open after 7 – 8 days , and the cubs leave their dens after one month .	O
Greater speed to avoid the hyena 's attacks and foxes may harass hyenas , using their smaller size .	I
Clan males display no resistance to this behavior , and will assist the females in raising their cubs .	O
Adults measure in body length , and have a shoulder height of .	O
Sad when we left and he looked even more distraught .	I
Inspiration to so many and he had been a good friend people .	I
It is the westernmost town in Zonguldak Province and is located about south of Karadeniz Ereğli .	O
In 2007 , Mr.Stenke passed on and Jim Donelon was elected President .	O
When his articles were finished , joined Sir Aston Webb and he was taught etching by Frank Brangwyn at the Architectural Association .	I
He also produced the dramatic fragments " Spartacus " and " Alfred der Grosse " ( 1809 ) .	O
Became estranged from his parents and he worked in New York City .	I
The park is located off of Liberty Avenue and also has a memorial plaque honoring him .	O
Hubble starts to fit in as an Earth dog and owen 's parents choose to remain in town for once .	I
The first issue was dated October 4 , 1884 , and was produced in a press run of 15,000 copies .	O
The company selected France due to the country 's culinary history and to differentiate itself from other vodkas produced in Eastern Europe .	O
Forbear and we must bear . "	I
Amp & " H. J. Mulliner ; Co .	I
They learn that these belonged to Grenville , but the Doctor does not recognise the name .	O
The others protest that oxygen is lethal to a Mogarian , but the Doctor attempts to remove the figure 's face plate .	I
Tells her to attack the bridge instead , and the Doctor believes this is too risky .	I
Different routes began to make an increase in slave trade possible and restrictions made it hard for slave volume to grow until new states .	I
Thus , in this view it is not a chord but an anticipation of the dominant chord in measure three .	O
Moved the family to Tulse Hill in 1960 , and his mother , Rose , was a cleaner .	I
He attended Beaufoy Secondary school , and was capped by England schoolboys .	O
There are related questions for real quadratic fields and for the behavior as formula _ 2 .	O
Swallowed whole and prey is killed .	I
Contains some of the earliest photographs of nature in Liberia , and this constituted the first monograph on the Republic of Liberia .	I
Are relatively light and leptons are point particles .	I
" Sci Fi Weekly " gave the episode an " A " grade and noted that it was " a half hour of pure entertainment " .	O
The British military theorist and historian Major-General J.F.C .	O
They are closely related to true dogs ( Canidae ) and a little less related to bears ( Ursidae ) .	O
They became defined by affiliation with their " yeshiva " s , and their communities were sometimes composed of alumni of the same institutes .	O
Other orienteering disciplines include , but are not limited to :	O
There is a point penalty for each minute late , and controls may have different point values depending on difficulty .	I
His marriage with Penelope was arranged , but they grew to love each other .	O
Renovated by Husseini and it was then rented .	I
The caecum is long , and they have three stomachs .	I
He will mount for copulation and she will drop to the ground .	I
Lies to the left of the mesentery and while the left abdominal air sac is large .	I
Scfa found in the lower colon and there is no net movements of Cl- .	I
Turbulent depending on the of the bird or air flowing through the trachea can be either laminar state .	I
Is incorporated in many homoerotic works and the theme of orgasm survived during Romanticism .	I
The dream ends with a vision of heaven , and the dreamer resolves to trust in the cross .	I
Well as rectus abdominis which is your abdominal area as latissimus is another word for back in the medical field .	I
Helped to resolve the dispute with the CAHA and günther Sabetzki became president of the IIHF in 1975 .	I
This feature became useful for creating more realistic sounding drum parts , and in addition allowed drummers to play melodic instruments with greater ease .	O
Zeus displaced the Mother goddess and assimilated her as Aphrodite .	O
Colloquially it was known as the " Marcks Plan " ) ( but the first battle plans were entitled " Operation Draft East " .	I
Finland stopped its advance just short of Leningrad and had no intentions to attack the city .	O
Succeeded in crossing the Moscow Canal in an attempt to encircle Moscow , and the 4th Panzer Group pushed the Soviet 16th Army back , however .	I
They became known as the Chamorros , and spoke an Austronesian language called Chamorro .	O
At higher altitudes in the North Island and snow falls in New Zealand 's South Island .	I
The first migration took place approximately 40 thousand years ago , and these migrants , Papuans , colonised much of Near Oceania .	O
Does not provide implementations , and omg provides only specifications .	I
Ferries serve both to link Orkney to the rest of Scotland , and also to link together the various islands of the Orkney archipelago .	O
In the meantime the quality of their wines had been proved but in 1883 , despite precautionary measures , Algerian vineyards were also attacked .	I
Animal husbandry is practiced throughout the country and is particularly important in Northern region .	O
Is vastly more powerful than the combined forces of the entire SMC and nia reveals to Yuri that the fleet belongs to the distant Lugovalian Empire .	I
Russia has an embassy in Manama , and Bahrain has an embassy in Moscow .	O
They discover another lion and shoot it also .	O
Smoke cigarettes afterward and the happy hunters sit .	I
" Institute for Learning and Teaching in Higher Education	O
His last fight in PRIDE was at Bushido 12 against Tatsuya Kawajiri , and he was defeated via TKO only 29 seconds into the first round .	O
Production resumed in June 2008 , and eventually a compromise was reached .	I
76th tallest building in , and it is the tallest brick-clad building , Chicago .	I
In Burnley from 1910 to 1918 and he served in that constituency to 1910 .	I
It is Russia 's only naval facility in the Mediterranean region and the only remaining military facility outside the former Soviet Union .	O
Several different algorithms accomplishing this task are known and described in standard textbooks on automata theory .	O
His father was Huang Qingzhu ( 黄清主 ) , and his mother was Deng Longtao ( 邓龙桃 ) .	O
Huang eventually joined Chiang Kai-shek 's National Revolutionary Army , and he joined the Communist Party of China in 1925 .	O
Was baptised immediately and he converted to Catholicism .	I
It peaked at # 9 in the single charts and remains her only top ten hit to date .	O
Finished third with " Eine Liebe ist wie ein Lied " and in 1975 , she took part in the German national final again .	I
Was a deliberate attempt to update the image of its predecessor " but " Hartbeat " continued the themes covered by " Take Hart .	I
He travels well over 150 days a year working , and trying to find the " next great face " .	O
On August 1 , 2015 KMZN dropped its simulcast with KBOE-FM and switched to sports , with programming from CBS Sports Radio .	O
Then at London University graduating B.A and he was educated at Amersham Hall School .	I
Upon returning to Russia he was decorated by the Tsar , and mashkov discussed arms sales to Ethiopia with the Ethiopian emperor .	I
Russia has an embassy in Tripoli , and Libya has an embassy in Moscow .	O
Was filled with a charge of 55-65 pounds of gunpowder and the body of the mine was made from sheets of iron .	I
Was President of Hampshire County Cricket Club for three years and he also became Master of the Vale of White Horse Hunt .	I
He also had a son ( Robin Hoare ) and a daughter by his relationship with Beatrice Holme-Sumner .	O
He became a student assistant for the Auburn Tigers football team in 2001 and became a defensive graduate assistant in 2003 under defensive coordinator Gene Chizik .	O
Cornelia came across Wadsworth in England and offered him the vacant position .	O
The current editor is Nicholas Thieberger ( University of Melbourne ) ) and the founding editor-in-chief was Kenneth L. Rehg ( University of Hawaii .	I
Is archived online in ScholarSpace and the journal publishes articles on acceptance .	I
As a cricketer , he was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Derbyshire .	O
Performed as a soloist with the Los Angeles Philharmonic at age 17 , and he made his debut with the Glendale Symphony Orchestra at age eleven .	I
Later Maximus was captured and executed at Aquileia .	O
It is not a substrate of that enzyme , and is metabolized by aldehyde dehydrogenase into isovanillic acid .	O
It claims to have been written in about 1518 , and that it may have been copied from something older .	O
Usually will require an explicit statement in the statute , and therefore , most offences are not absolute liability offences .	I
She uses her abilities to subdue Ragdoll , but is defeated by Jeannette 's sonic scream .	O
Styled by Deutschman Design and the Campagna T-REX was designed .	I
Eventually abandoned his plans to become a farmer , and knabe worked for the well-known pianomaker Henry Hartge .	I
It was written by Martin and directed by Carl Gottlieb .	O
Was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film and the short was shown at Martin 's stand-up shows before he went on .	I
Ceo of Urban Outfitters an American of clothing retailers and richard Hayne ( born May 26 , 1947 ) is the president , chain .	I
The ears are brownish-gray and are usually black-tipped .	O
The station is west of Leeds and north east of Manchester Victoria .	O
Thereafter , convection became better organized with the system and it became a tropical depression by October 11 .	O
It looped southeastward while just east of Luzon , and looped again to the southwest on the 20th .	O
Blast overpressure effects by flipping a switch and the ET-MP allows soldiers to choose between fragmentation .	I
F. D. Benteen ( died 1864 ) was an American sheet music publisher and composer during the 19th century , based out of Baltimore , Maryland .	O
She was already blind by this point and had been most of her life .	O
He even gives her Deuce the Devil Dog as a present , and she seems as much a parent as a prisoner to him .	I
Sentenced to 32 years hard labour , and he was taken back to Sydney .	I
Exist in the and many of the Ogdru Hem are without bodies , invisibly , air .	I
Files using pitch bend and scala can retune MIDI streams .	I
A few months later , Kawasaki walked up to his apartment and found a stranger waiting for him at his front door .	O
By 2003 they were the most popular DJs on the station and were moved to the breakfast show to increase the audience .	O
Msnbc moved Roberts into a weekend anchor role at the network , as well as a contributor role to the " Today Show " .	O
Therefore it was widened in Spelthorne in the 1920s and in the west its buildings were set back with gardens .	I
Won a considerable number of the games it played and brownian Motion had become a Northeastern power by this point .	I
However , the joined churches are autonomous and independently form their own organizational systems .	O
Propose that sense of community is composed of four elements , and they prefer the abbreviated label " sense of community " .	I
Recent , are a valid naval style treatment and the white painted galvanised iron railings , although crude .	I
20th-century sandstone terracing provides a traditional display of garden flowers and is sympathetic to the naval character of the garden .	O
Killed sultan later the ruler of Abu Dhabi and later Hamdan ’ s brother avenged the murder of his brother , becoming .	I
Had a child with her and peri married Bonita de la Parra .	I
Several housemates from previous seasons have visited the house and have taken pictures for their social media accounts .	O
Penned historical novels featuring inventions , and he also wrote about inventions .	I
Castro tried keep Cuba 's intervention covert , but word of their presence soon leaked out .	O
The iconic Members ' Stand clock tower and tower of the Anthony Hordern Building .	O
Ikon Arts Foundation was established in 2013 and is headquartered in New York City .	O
Was instrumental in the 1920s Educational Rights Movement and yu was a member of the Young China Association .	I
The statue of Virgin Mary was completed by sculptor and it was built in 1906 according to a project by .	I
She gained a bachelor 's degree in linguistics and creative writing from Middlesex University in 2009 .	O
Started practise in the District Court of Chandigarh and justice Gupta enrolled as an advocate on July 1980 .	I
4v content is currently proprietary to the Hydrogen One and can only be viewed through the supplied apps .	O
He supplemented the campaign with $ 13,000 from HONY 's Patreon fund , as well as with $ 1 for every donation beyond the 5,000th donation .	O
Kostya Germanov lost heavily at cards , and owed organized crime a large amount .	O
It underlies Silurian-Devonian terrestrial and carbonate sedimentary rocks .	O
As of 2015 was occupied by a clothing store and the building has housed various businesses since Raywell 's closed .	I
The AP Poll does not release a poll at this time , but the Coaches Poll releases a final poll after the NCAA tournament .	I
He was a rabbinical and computer science student .	O
Grew up in Ottawa and she was born in Montreal .	I
During construction , though , the idea was abandoned and the ships were instead equipped with diesel engines .	O
She attended the Gymnasium Bäumlihof in Basel and was awarded the Novartis Maturanden Prize .	O
The rules vary slightly from region to region , but the basic game in each variation is identical .	O
Zoe married scientist Robert Cyril Layton Perkins in 1901 , and the couple permanently moved to England after their wedding .	O
This article summarizes the outcomes of all matches including FIFA recognised , unofficial and matches played against club teams by the India national under-17 football team .	O
Declined to use their fourth round pick , but atlanta had three selections in the draft .	I
During construction , though , the idea was abandoned and the ships were instead equipped with diesel engines .	O
Is of Mauritanian descent and gourville was born in France .	I
Her female characters " do not give concessions on their identity " and " usually has reached the climax of a longlasting problem . "	O
Steve Gaynor is an American businessman and politician in the Republican Party .	O
In 1837 Santarelli was able to buy a comfortable house and garden in Via della Chiesa # 44 in Oltrarno .	O
Grew up in Bengaluru and varsha Bollamma is from Kodagu .	I
Adapted some aspects of the direct cinema style of filmmaking , and it was made over 25 days on a shoestring budget .	I
The country plunged into disorder and after independence the Force Publique mutinied .	I
The ownership of the building changed various times and in August 2013 the structure was demolished .	O
Kneebone was born in February 1954 and attended Westminster School , London .	O
Milo Newberry attended school in Rochester , and in 1849 married Mary Jane Hoyt .	O
He constructed another sawmill and began operating it .	O
Within a year his father 's business was bankrupt and wolfe 's parents had married on October 15 , 1892 .	I
None of the boys did well academically at school but they had lavish educations at a series of boarding schools .	I
In the end he decided to drop the case but wolfe 's brother Clifford Warren Smith considered taking legal action .	I
The Summer term is usually started from early July , and the second Academic term usually starts on early February .	I
It was designed by Thomas Rowe and built from 1874 to 1875 .	O
The two stories share two thematic elements , but deal with each in an autonomous manner .	O
The Nolichucky River rises as the confluence of the North Toe River and the Cane River near the community of Huntdale , North Carolina .	O
Moved to Cleveland at age 7 and eastman was born in Oberlin , Ohio .	I
Soon decided to pursue library work instead , but following high school Eastman became a teacher .	I
On 24 December , François Darlan was assassinated and Henri Giraud succeeded him as High Commissioner .	O
Elements of the 50th ( Northumbrian ) Infantry Division penetrated the line and established a bridgehead west of Zarat on 20 / 21 March .	O
Lost another 17 aircraft and the USAAF flew 523 sorties .	I
They had to choose a bowl of coins and drop exactly one coin in every urn .	O
Ended on December 18 , 2002 and it premiered on October 2 , 2002 .	I
Filming began on August 9 , 2002 and finished on September 7 , 2002 .	O
The park area features the effects of Quaternary glaciation , and exceptional geological upthrown fault scarps from the Quaternary age .	O
Again the valley floor was largely covered by water and the second largest flood occurred in the summer of 1995 .	I
Amp Heritage & " New Orleans Jazz ; Festival	I
The festivities started on Wednesday night with the Pete Fountain and Clyde Kerr orchestras playing on a midnight steamboat ride .	O
Most priests in Rome spent several hours here , and there were always long lines at these confessionals .	I
Argov was not killed , but he was critically injured .	O
Heavily influenced by Frank Herbert 's " Dune " novels , and the stories depict a space opera reminiscent of Greek tragedy .	I
Was immediately captured by a German patrol and he was forced to land behind enemy lines .	I
The Special Air Service and Royal Engineer units .	O
Are 60 – 65 cm long , and newborns weigh 5.4 – 6 kg .	I
A successive convention was signed in 1957 and amended by a protocol in 1963 .	O
He finished in 38th place in qualifying and did not advance to the final .	O
It was conducted in March 2006 and had the following top 30 :	O
This is the first time the former Soviet Union and the Middle East were visited on the race .	O
Filming began on January 30 , 2004 and finished on February 27 , 2004 .	O
They then carried it back to the beach and smashed it open for the clue inside .	O
Was consequently prevented from returning to colliery work and in 1926 he did benefit gigs for striking miners .	I
The Nihasama River starts here and runs through the town .	O
Over one hundred performances were given in Madrid alone and the play was also performed in the provinces .	O
During the Superhuman Civil War , Theresa opposes the registration act and is tasked with contacting more high-profile superheroes about the Decimation .	O
She can vary the pitch to deflect projectiles , and she even used it to deflect lasers once .	O
An employee of a third party valet service or a valet is usually an employee of the establishment .	I
Is heckled by a group of boys and later on , Dr. Coppelius leaves his house .	I
In 1999 they supported the ruling party the and the NKP adopted a more conservative agenda than the former Kōmeitō , LDP .	I
This tunnel was used for storage of supplies and also a quick route to the hospital .	O
Five was member of the municipal council of Bærum 1975 – 81 and then served as deputy leader of the Executive Committee for Education .	O
United States officials never pursued it , and the Native American state was dropped .	O
Took care of the children and ... My mother was the upstairs maid . "	I
" People were living double lives and I didn 't understand it .	O
The next day , Eric threw his spear over the enemy and said , " I sacrifice you all to Odin " .	O
Were promoted , being placed in the Isthmian League Premier Division , and in 2005 – 06 , they finished second in the division .	I
Does not always correspond to the crew and " Time docked " refers to the spacecraft .	I
Wheen described his experience as less serious than that of other victims , and had only become aware of the scale of Napier 's activities later .	O
" Daggerfall " was much less moddable , but some people released their own modifications nevertheless .	O
Some software companies openly accept and even encourage such communities .	O
Herman comes to like Max , and the two become good friends .	O
" USA Today " gave the film three out of four stars and wrote that Bill Murray was " at his off-kilter best " .	O
She met her partner , Warren Lakin , at university , and they were together for nearly 30 years until her death .	O
He supported his local football club , Crystal Palace FC , as well as his hometown club , Heart of Midlothian FC .	O
Four new classrooms were added on the south side in 1892 , but a fire in 1893 caused the school to be temporarily closed .	O
Hank steals a piece of metal in London and uses it to create a makeshift lockpick .	O
The knights are slaughtered by the cadets wielding Hank 's modern weaponry , but the Catholic Church sends an army of 30,000 knights to attack them .	I
He was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer in mid-2010 and died of the disease on 5 January 2014 .	O
All schools were closed down in 1931 after the Japanese invasion , but schools with less harsh training methods began to appear in 1930 .	I
The Mysore Wodeyars and the Sultans :	O
Now majority of them are agricultural labourers and some of them are marginal agriculturalist .	O
Their spoken language is Mullukkuruma language and the community members are expert in hunting .	I
A literacy rate of 89.32 % the in the state , and wayanad has a sex ratio of 1035 females for every 1000 males , lowest .	I
Was installed as Governor of Edinburgh Castle in 1714 and hamilton became a Lord of the Bedchamber to George I .	I
University of Science and Technology of China	O
This system automates most of the hosting duties , and can handle a large number of games simultaneously .	O
Anthony 's childhood home has been preserved and is operated today as a museum .	O
Service as a coal hulk was usually , but not always , a ship 's last .	O
They can be as long as ( " kyu-shaku-bō " ) ) but the average size of a bō is 6 shaku ( around .	I
Green was born in Houston , Texas and attended Jesse H. Jones High School .	O
He was recruited by the Orioles as an amateur in , and made his debut with the club on August 7 , .	O
Appointed Giorgi Kvinitadze commander-in-chief and the Georgian government began mobilization .	I
" Pengshui Miao and Tujia Autonomous County	O
On 30 October 1967 , she got underway for sea trials , and , a month later , her Blue Crew began shakedown training .	O
Wrong ones lost 10 points for the team , but correct recognitions won 10 points for their team .	I
Has very rugged terrain and alor is of volcanic origin .	I
Many of the Papuan languages of Alor are endangered and are no longer being actively acquired by children .	O
Could not extinguish the fire , causing his suicide but hideyori executed them by throwing them off the castle wall .	I
Tell the sisters their offering is accepted of the Lord , and He has something better for them than a written constitution .	O
The men returned and the motion was passed .	I
The Europeans in and this was between the Parsis 1877 .	I
State OF PENNSYLVANIA , OR the COMMONWEALTH	I
" The Advocate " did not print any of the material , but " Maclean 's " dropped him from its year-end honours list .	O
The ESPN cable network first televised NBA games from 1983 to 1984 , and has been airing games currently since the 2002 – 03 NBA season .	O
The prolegs are reduced to suction cups and like all limacodids , the legs are shortened .	I
Does his whole assignment and julie feels sorry for him .	I
Ran in the theaters for 12 weeks and the movie was 1993 's biggest Bollywood hit .	I
During the First World War 1800 people were employed and the works supplied cordite to the Royal Navy .	O
He returned to his home in Cokesbury and died in April of that year .	O
He later returned to his studies and graduated from Harvard in 1854 .	O
The six stamens are inserted at base of the tepals , and the filaments are slightly flattened , forming a short tube .	O
Continues his suicide mission alone and ahmad avoids arrest by federal agents .	I
He then attended the University of Tulsa and earned a Juris Doctor in 1979 .	O
The complex was designed by the architectural firm F + A Architects to resemble a hillside Italian village .	O
Germaine passed for 131 yards in the game and was named the game ’ s MVP .	O
He returned in 2007 as the full-time starter , but his season was cut short by an injury .	I
Construction of the second cathedral began in 1897 , but a part of the building collapsed in 1899 .	O
Woke the prince and ring burned the dogskin .	I
Was immediately reused on a route through Lawrenceville , and sr 34 was dropped in the 1933 renumbering .	I
Continued operating under the Austrian brand until 1958 and in 1941 it was sold to an American investor .	I
A number were sold to the army of Serbia and it entered service with the French horse-mounted artillery in 1912 .	I
She suspects that Rusty may have locked them , but he tells her he went for a walk .	O
Liukin originally settled in New Orleans , but later moved to Plano , Texas .	O
The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the Autumn of 1939 , the following candidates had been selected ;	O
He brings it in the house and puts it in the garage .	O
More were inscribed with the name of Ahmose I , but a couple of items bore the name of Kamose .	I
Lost the title to Girard the next year and later that year , he drew with Bruno Girard .	I
" This is about the most authentic thing I 've ever done and the most honest thing by far because I had no box .	O
Acknowledges that critics found his own choreography insufficiently Russian , but lifar claimed to have been inspired by Russian folkdance .	I
Was also sold under the name Thalidomide in other countries and it was developed in Germany by Grünenthal under the name Contergan .	I
On this Priest was very angry and hit him on one cheek .	O
Scored a decisive unanimous decision to claim Vaden 's IBF title and the fight itself turned out to be one-sided , Norris dominated Vaden .	I
" Small Craft Rough Sea " s tracks were remixed by various artists and appeared as " Cook Cut Damage Destroy " , in early 2003 .	O
Is an avid fisherman and he enjoys time with family .	I
Priscilla Hastings kept her name unchanged but their children also adopted the new surname .	I
Served as chairman of the racecourse and hastings was a director of Newbury Racecourse .	I
In face of such odds , Wrenn drew back , but was the next morning attacked by their full force .	O
Was later moved to January 2008 by a court , but the referendum was initially scheduled for 15 December 2007 .	I
A year of treatment costs health insurances about € 11,000 , and in Austria , the drug is available in all pharmacies .	I
Adopted by , Laskin C.J , and 's comment was referred to .	I
Also joined Japanese Top League side NTT Communications Shining Arcs , but he joined the from the 2015 Super Rugby season onwards .	I
Captain for Argentina Jaguars and he was a regular player .	I
The event is known as the " Fan Mile " and takes place at the Brandenburg Gate every two years .	O
Most popular road races in the world and the Berlin Marathon is one of the largest .	I
The laptop runs on Windows 10 and was released on November 2015 .	O
Has a mostly aluminum chassis and the Dv6 comes with beats audio .	I
The couple has two daughters and he is married to Chitra Joshi .	I
Husarik grew up in poverty and has little formal education .	O
Made a gold discovery and in 1878 he went prospecting .	I
The track received its first radio play on 7 September 2012 , but was previewed on the band 's official website the day before .	O
It can hold up to 1,500 people , and is the largest Islamic mosque in Berlin .	O
Allowed settlers to affirm their own prejudiced beliefs and these responses were used as justification for further violence .	I
His JD from the Yale Law School , and in criminology from the University of Cambridge .	I
Jim Leniart is the owner and creator of Red Maps .	O
Was made Chief Justice of the King 's Bench by Mary I and his younger cousin , Thomas Bromley , also served as recorder of Shrewsbury .	I
Was knighted c . 1593 and he succeeded his father in 1590 .	I
Leeds festivals playing their largest shows to date and on August 2014 the band returned to the Reading .	I
He died on 5 February 1726 , and subsequently , Roper sank into obscurity .	I
Is still on display , and the statue was gilded .	I
Among them was the Belgian historian , Henri Pirenne ; and the Belgian courtier , Count Charles John d 'Oultremont .	O
An MBA from HEC Paris and he received a degree in economics .	I
He founded Nextradio in 2000 and took over RMC radio .	O
He began work as a TV producer and became the voice of the station .	O
De Lonchamps was a member of many international scientific societies , and in 1892 became a chevalier of the Legion of Honor .	O
It premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and aired on Network Ten on 7 October 2012 .	O
She does not like to be interviewed herself , but it allows her to understand those she interviews .	O
Pacheco has received over forty awards and other recognitions over her career .	O
Chris Jones was suspended beginning February 28 , and Alex Brown was suspended beginning March 2 .	O
With its parent organisation of Education ( MOE ) ) and the school is a subsidiary under Ngee Ann Polytechnic ( NP , Ministry .	I
He studied communications at the University of Technology , Sydney and spent time at Auckland filmmakers ' co-operative Alternative Cinema .	O
An ISIL emir was reportedly killed , according to local sources , and isil headquarters were reportedly attacked in central al-Baaj , western Nineveh .	I
Had produced his own work by 1827 , and he moved to London as an apprentice .	I
He graduated in Commerce from Sydenham College in 1989 and then did his MBA in Marketing from S.P .	O
Over two decades ago Vijaya Mehta presented it and now Ivan Rodrigues has brought it back .	O
Expanded to encompass women 's suffrage , but initially their focus was not political .	I
He is an ardent social media user and mentors a lot of the youth .	O
Ebook by Pyr in May 2017 and it was first published in trade paperback .	I
Compete in the West Division and they are members of the PSAC .	I
Was attacked by Tercera Generación afterwards , but there , Roger retained the title .	I
He died at Windsor in 1712 and was buried in Westminster Abbey .	O
Had children and budd was married .	I
Was aired by ABC on December 13 , 1998 and this movie in particular was shot in Ontario , Canada .	I
Is available via Trove and the newspaper has been digitised .	I
The first home was built in 1914 , and most homes were completed by the 1930s .	O
It began on August 13 , 2016 and ended on May 17 , 2017 .	O
Continued publishing work until 1978 but he retired from academia in 1968 .	I
Was the 2011 KCAC Defensive Player of the Year and davis was twice named First Team All-Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference .	I
Moved to Taiwan when the Kuomintang lost the Chinese Civil War and later , he became a special aviator for aircraft carrying senior generals .	I
Pterostylis macilenta is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the Grampians National Park in Victoria .	O
Robinson died on 25 February 1868 and was buried at Allegheny Cemetery .	O
Therefore access to talent from Latrobe through to the West Coast and burnie is now the only State League club on the NW coast .	I
Following the war , the ruins were to be razed , and the country reconstructed in a manner favorable to the countryside .	O
Maya disapproves her accent and her poor English .	O
Politically informed and costello was well-read .	I
Also moved up a spot in the process , but however , they not only kept the pick .	I
He returned to Greece to take over Kastoria in the Beta Ethniki , but terminated his contract in just two days , due to personal reasons .	O
Papadopoulos moved to Vyzas in 2007 , and then Olympiakos Volos until March 2008 .	O
Some early literature described some incoherence introduced by that approach and multiple banks were using different techniques to reduce them .	O
Including a Spanish guitar and a thumping bassline .	O
No further operations took place at the tower and however , diesels replaced steam locomotives in the 1950s .	I
Rounded the rest in the middle and the 2 ½ whorls in the protoconch are smooth , subangular .	I
Chiuma is a medical nurse and malaria coordinator from Mzuzu .	O
Lift our eyes to the wonder of a superlative truth , and to elevate the conversation , re-awaken the soul to something other . "	I
As a result , she spent a long period of time recovering and opted to retire from playing the game at a competitive level .	O
Slightly nodulous on traversing the costae , and the spiral lirations are almost equidistant .	I
This situation allowed the illegitimate ( from the Eóganacht perspective ) but militarized Dál Cais to attempt to seize the provincial kingship .	O
It has been traced as far back as the 16th century but is believed to be a survival of a Lughnasadh festival .	O
The beneficiaries themselves can take care of the waqf , and thus , there is no need for an administrator .	I
The earliest pious foundations in Egypt were charitable gifts , and not in the form of a " waqf " .	O
Threw her to the Argive courts and danaus was angry with his disobedient daughter .	I
Danaus was angry with his disobedient daughter and threw her to the Argive courts .	O
Its average multiplication time was 2,900 microseconds and edvac 's average addition time was 864 microseconds .	I
Skip bombing attacks by the US medium bombers and the Japanese ships were left exposed to mast-height bombing .	I
It 's really a lady 's gun — and not a very nice lady at that !	O
Beauforts first saw service with Royal Air Force Coastal Command and then the Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm from 1940 .	O
A number of changes were introduced into the line and a total of 1,013 Taurus powered Mark Is were produced .	I
Whitney-powered T.Mk.II with produced from August 1943 & the final British-built version of the Beaufort was the Pratt , 250 .	I
Following the course , Mauchly was hired as an instructor of electrical engineering and in 1943 , he was promoted to assistant professor of electrical engineering .	O
It reached Azov on 27 – 28 June and besieged it by land by 5 July .	O
4 to 15 kilometres and the strait is 41 kilometres long wide .	I
Nearly surrounded by land and the sea is relatively small .	I
Pulses were sent into the mercury delay line at one end , and took a certain amount of time to reach the other end .	O
By that time core was already in use , and wang 's patent was not granted until 1955 .	I
After 31 issues the title was cancelled and Apocalypse Comics went bankrupt shortly afterward .	O
Most fresh sausages must be refrigerated or frozen until they are cooked .	O
There are many types of sucuk , but it is mostly made from beef .	O
Starts at the Pennsylvania-New York border north of Lawrenceville , Pennsylvania , and the northern segment of I-99 is entirely concurrent with US 15 .	I
I-205 splits off south of the Portland metro area , and the highway then tracks a little to the northeast .	I
His daughter Princess Patricia , and the Duke of Connaught .	I
Released by CBC Music online on 8 , 2013 and " ) , was aired on the CBC Radio program Q February .	I
Sketchpad ran on the Lincoln TX-2 computer and influenced Douglas Engelbart 's oN-Line System .	O
This section of the road travels past the interchange for I-80 and through a cut in the Hudson Palisades at GWB Plaza .	O
The NJTA proceeded anyway and began selling bonds .	O
The case-insensitive language was initially interpreted , but gained just-in-time compilation with HyperCard 2.0 .	O
In 1956 , a Nursing program was established , and in 1957 a formal graduate school was formed .	O
Earthsea is an archipelago or group of islands .	O
Operated by the and yakima Air Terminal is owned city .	I
They race to grab the calf by its tail and a couple of seconds later , the riders are released .	I
By the populations in 21 of the 23 countries in the Americas and currently , it is referred to as " puma " by most scientists .	I
The Mark rootstock was such a stock and has now fallen mostly into disfavor .	O
Hardy to USDA 3 and produces large fruit , is precocious zone .	I
He reported the " basic principles of Arctic research " and suggested that fixed Arctic observation stations should be established .	O
Unlike most sweet cherry varieties , sour cherries are self fertile or self pollenizing ( sometimes inaccurately referred to as self-pollinating ) .	O
The magazine took a halt after the 2005 – 2006 season , but has come back as of January 2007 as an online magazine .	O
Dean the prisoner and harry plays the cop .	I
This association was discovered by George Boole in the 1850s , and refined by others , especially Ernst Schröder in the 1890s .	O
This form of treatment causes reversible changes and does not cause any permanent lesions .	O
Other basal sauropodomorph or it was a prosauropod .	I
A waiting passenger killed and the platform canopy was demolished .	I
Co-wrote with Urban and " , which he directed Michael .	I
In history had strong links with the Cathedral of Armagh and the monastic site is also associated with the order of Culdees .	I
The anterior end is deeply serrated and articulates with the zygomatic bone .	O
Kingstown won by a goal and a try to nil .	O
The Senior Cup reverted to a knock-out format , and from 2016-17 , the Senior League was revived .	I
Is a friend of Molly McEachern , and she has a sister named Norah .	I
The spirit is widely available in Canada and is also distributed in New England .	O
The park has minimal public facilities , and the only approach is by mountaineering .	O
The islands came under the hands of the English in 1665 , and the East India Company took possession of the castle in 1668 .	O
The 1967 basis novel written by Alistair MacLean and where Eagles Dare is a 1968 war adventure film .	I
It was fun to portray because it was also dysfunctional " and moennig believed that the relationship was so " fucked up .	I
Exposes her mother 's affair with Shane and however , Clea is in love with Shane .	I
His body was buried in Marko 's cemetery in Belgrade and his death in 1882 , in Zagreb , interrupted that work .	I
Beginning in 2011 , KPTK became the flagship station of Seattle Storm and Seattle Thunderbirds broadcasts , though it was met with some controversy .	O
This was met with much controversy on the station 's Facebook page , as well as being brought up by several of the station 's hosts .	O
Working in Moscow and abdrashitov is currently residing .	I
The motherland shipping ports are prime search areas , and all former colonial locations with sea trade routes .	I
The pants they make are too small and the buttons on the shirt burst .	O
Ginzburg house was not totally destroyed but remained as a ruined shell .	O
Is in the process of being re-bronzed to make it more durable , but " Gammy " was put in storage after some weather related damage .	I
Nobunaga ranks ninth in physical power among the Troupe , and is one of the original members from Meteor City .	O
Is unable to further their relationship , but she develops a crush on Gon .	I
Is Killua 's grandfather and Silva 's father .	O
Unfortunately , Mercado was murdered by drug traffickers and never saw his dream become a reality .	O
Economically the society was dependent on agriculture , and also to a large extent on warfare .	O
The chinampas were extremely fertile pieces of land , and yielded , on average , seven crops annually .	O
Died in April 1937 and he was born around 1889 .	I
The centre opened in 1995 and construction started in the early 1990s .	I
The area can be explored only by boat , and there are no public facilities at the refuge .	I
They have finally tracked down Pan and have come to visit him .	O
Pan has made friends with one of the workers , Siew , but Pan is also well liked by the tough boss , Yot .	O
From 1961 to 1962 and ab from 1957 to 1959 .	I
Become a lieutenant during the reign of then-leader Osiel Cárdenas Guillén and he joined the works of the Gulf Cartel in the late 1990s .	I
If he had a lawyer , Costilla Sánchez shook his head and when asked if he had anything to say about his criminal charges .	I
Was the run-up to Ireland 's win in Brussels the next , and this high placing was the third of five straight top ten finishes year .	I
Abatement Research Network and " Livestock Emissions	I
It was previously thought to grow in north Queensland but the most recent survey did not find it .	O
Challenge what are perceived as wrong interpretations and it gives them the ability to correct errors .	I
Not identical , but this is similar , to	I
The fugitives were caught , and Daniel was soon exonerated .	O
She vowed to fight for custody of her granddaughter , and phyllis , however , refused to listen to Daniel .	I
Recall that formula _ 14 and set formula _ 15 .	O
It is the last show of the day and this Show is located in the Gran Tlachco Theater .	I
Pontiac Grand Prix production returned in October 1987 , and chevrolet Monte Carlo production was added for 1987 .	I
Of the site and their supporters .	O
Took a 27 – 7 lead and alabama responded with the next four touchdowns .	I
After their loss to Tennessee , Alabama rebounded and won their final five regular season games .	O
The second from nine-yards to John Male and the first was from eight-yards to Jerry Harris .	I
The second on a six-yard George Ranager run and the first was on a 31-yard Scott Hunter run .	I
All COT officers are only employed in situations of high or high risk , differentiated from non-specialized federal police officers .	O
Moved to Terre Haute , Indiana in 1840 and grimes was born in Leesburg , Virginia in 1818 .	I
Her husband died in 1903 , and eliza Grimes died in 1902 .	I
He was the first Minister of Justice of independent Zambia and the only White member of Zambia 's first cabinet .	O
Dev has given many stage performances and has participated in several concerts .	O
The name therefore literally means ' Depal 's village ' and likely refers to an early inhabitant of the place .	O
Stonefrost was born in Bristol and attended Merrywood Grammar School .	O
He also scored a goal in the Final and the club won the champions 1996 Emperor 's Cup .	I
Was promoted to J1 from 2004 and the club won the champions in 2003 .	I
In France , the album reached number three and stayed on the chart for 82 weeks .	O
Out-numbered the American naval forces by four to one and the Imperial Japanese Navy had been undefeated until that time .	I
Accounts vary in actual numbers of men from source to source , but manned crews for these massive warships would have been quite impressive .	I
It was during the Palace Period that they developed a socketed base , but spears continued to remain as the preferred means for a thrusting weapon .	I
Cáceres was chosen as the capital of the province and despite these advantages , other traits were considered more important .	I
These data are the essential source for traffic information and for most intelligent transportation systems ( ITS ) .	O
This does not necessitate complete detachment from the external world , but the context of solitude is attainment of pleasure from within .	I
The eastern flank of the volcano is unstable and is in the initial stages of failure .	O
Rigic ( the Réunion Island Geological Information Center ) takes this information and translates it into English for distribution to the English-speaking scientific community .	O
He moved on to vice-president of finance and was named CFO in September 2001 .	O
Belk decided to quit the band and was replaced by Simon Cleave .	O
In 1387 Drayton Green was known as Drayton and , later , as Drayton in Ealing .	O
The allotments on the east side of Northfield Avenue are original , but those on the west side were developed in the early 1980s .	O
It was in length and had 22 stations .	O
Fired three times at the figure and without hesitation I whipped out the revolver .	I
Have since been quickly absorbed into the Afrikaner population , but most of these originally settled in the Cape Colony .	I
Was told to " just be yourself , but at first he tried doing a special voice . "	I
Operated by the Lewisham North District Scouts and there is a Scout campsite at Hammerwood owned .	I
That year , he toured Germany with Kolchose colleagues Freundeskreis and later as the opening act for Die Fantastischen Vier .	O
Downed utility lines as a result of the strong winds and the entirety of the U.S. Virgin Islands reported numerous felled trees .	I
All rivers in southeastern Puerto Rico swelled and produce significant flooding in adjacent floodplains .	O
Waterfront Lines ( Cleveland ) , and " Blue , Green	I
Existing stations were demolished and new stations constructed .	O
The other two are the Dana-Thomas House and the Darwin D. Martin House complexes .	O
The men moved to Rome in the evening of September 8 and participated in a subsequent operation to capture the Italian Army .	O
By December 23 , the attack faltered and the division returned to the defensive .	O
She is punished for leaving the dance without permission and is given chores by the prefect , Nicola .	O
Just a little dull and the film is simultaneously attractive .	I
Young Lucius picks up Aaron 's child and carries him away into the sunrise .	O
He was called to the Penang bar in 1969 and joined a firm in Alor Star , Kedah .	O
His daughter , Sangeet Kaur works in his law firm and his youngest son , Man Karpal studied actuarial science .	O
Every infinite finitely generated group must be countable but countable groups need not be finitely generated .	O
The next week , he came in at quarterback during the third quarter and threw his first career touchdown pass while playing against San Diego State .	O
2 interceptions in a 31 – 24 , and palmer threw for 185 yards , 3 touchdowns win .	I
Lewis was also a prime candidate for the Buffalo Bills coaching vacancy , but was passed over in favor of Tennessee Titans defensive coordinator Gregg Williams .	O
With her , the Italian Baroque was introduced in Bavaria ; and ferdinand Maria married Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy in 1650 .	I
Was a broadcast member of the Music City Bowl Preview and in addition , Holcomb has broadcast the TSSAA Blue Cross Bowl .	I
Marine Corps veteran Ron DiNicola as Bill Clinton carried the district and english was re-elected in a close race in 1996 against Erie attorney .	I
Became known as the " 164 Super " in 1993 and apart from minor running production upgrades , the range was revamped .	I
The castle was gradually expanded and transformed over the years .	O
Was then reconstructed like the inner pavilion in neo-classical times and it served as a kitchen building at Max Emanuel 's time .	I
Was originally known as Suzhou Teachers ’ College and changshu Institute of Technology was established in August 1958 .	I
It obtains 33 patents authorized by government and also takes nearly 100 transverse subjects .	O
They introduced the low carbon life knowledge and gave out more than 1000 materials .	O
12 " vinyl in the UK " and the single was released via 7 .	I
One of the more recent additions in the fleet of Maersk Line , and maersk Eindhoven is one of the largest container ships in the world .	I
Tupoumoheofo was 12th Tu 'i Kanokupolu of Tonga , and the only female to ever hold that title .	O
She continued as a backbencher for the remainder of her term , and retired when the parliament was dissolved before the 2013 federal election .	O
Jamieson asked her who her aunt was , and she responded , " Nancy Kwan " .	O
In December 2018 , the runway was extended to 3,200 meters and the grade of the fight area has wasupgraded to 4E .	O
Tears of love while seeking union with the Divine Beloved and according to him , the Sufi in real life nourishes agony .	I
Ara Sargsyan was a prolific teacher and influenced numerous artists , e.g .	O
She needed the income for his care , and her husband ’ s health was failing .	I
Starts collecting protection money from shopkeepers and raja thus becomes the local underworld don .	I
Held for killing Kallu and meanwhile Raja is also arrested .	I
Due to his low social-standing , however , she seeks to marry Mong-ryong and enlists Bangja 's help in order to make this plan a reality .	O
The 1929 – 30 season was Galatasaray SK 's 26th in existence and the club 's 19th consecutive season in the Istanbul Football League .	O
In 2011 , however , he struggled to get playing time and was limited to 7 appearances , all as a substitute .	O
Very little has survived into the current age of this construction , all but a " massive portico upheld by two rows of four columns each "	O
Each team was made up of fifteen girls and league play officially began on May 30 , 1943 .	I
Joined junior side Arniston Rangers FC in June 1956 and he was freed at the end of the 1954-55 season .	I
They initially feed in the roots , but later in the flower lower stems .	O
Bühring-dehli was the editor-in-chief there from July 1916 to October 1932 , and the newspaper continued as " Hamar Stiftstidende og Oplandenes Avis " .	I
The present house dates from the 1790s , and was a property of the Pringle family .	O
Spend the rest of the 1930s at the University of Manchester , and he got his PhD at Cambridge in 1930 under John Littlewood .	I
Is a gateway to the Sahara Desert , and it lies above the great Marrakesh plains .	I
Is the highest major mountain pass in North Africa , and it reaches an elevation of above the sea level .	I
Kyle later returns and adopts her .	O
Susan tells him she enjoyed his class and bernard later meets them in Harold 's Store .	I
She asks which of his businesses are in trouble , but Paul tells her that actually he is the client .	O
Zoe quits as his PR consultant , but later begins a relationship with him .	O
Ed meets up with his best friend Toni ( Darci Egan ) and introduces her to Natasha , who becomes jealous of their friendship .	O
He is sad when coffee is spilt on it , but ed purchases a vintage suit for the university ball .	I
Reported that he turns up in Ramsay Street in a police car " and the " Daily Star 's " Susan Hill called Harley " wayward .	I
Summer decides to go with him , but susan is unhappy with the development .	I
She then breaks down in tears and runs out of the church .	O
Performs an acoustic version of " Don 't Look Back " and harry attends the open mic night at Charlie 's bar in Erinsborough .	I
The baby does not come , but vanessa reaches her due date .	I
Are available to all interested parties and open-enrollment courses are offered throughout the year .	I
The first amendment set limits on the Highway Trust Fund , and the second amendment decreased disbursements of the Federal Aviation Administration .	O
Has recycling facilities throughout and the building uses renewable energy .	I
The [ Minnesota Department of Corrections ( ) and this work started in 1979 for the Minnesota Sentencing Guidelines Commission ] MDOC .	I
Maximum speed of 40 km / and the bus had an engine with 55 hp h .	I
However the lyrics are slightly altered into the Awadhi dialect of Hindi and to mould the song into appropriate context of the movie script .	O
Ila discovers she is pregnant as the rains stop and begs the Creator to let the child live .	O
Gives birth to twin girls and ila then starts feeling labor pains .	I
A first draft was completed in 2003 , and work on the draft resumed sometime later .	I
The initial LIGO detectors reached design sensitivity and set many limits on astrophysical sources .	O
Dana Solomon , owners of high-end LA design company 22 Bond St and sterling ( born in 2010 ) is son of same-sex partners Sherry Solomon ..	I
The second method was attempted , and this method was deemed unsuccessful .	I
It was often expensively furnished and had a decorative vault .	O
Very readable , treatment " of the issues surrounding cosmological arguments , and jason Rosenhouse regarded the book as giving an " impressively lucid .	I
Southwest , before docking in Bergen also in and she patrolled the vicinity of Bear Island , then sailed south , Norway .	I
Was ordained a priest on 19 March 1994 and valentine Tsamma Seane was born in Lobatse , Botswana .	I
Has a tablet to engrave the date of bestowal and the upper arm is surmounted by a Spanish royal crown .	I
Set in knapped flints , and each letter is crowned .	I
Is one of the symbols of the Adnams brewery , and the Southwold jack is named " Southwold Jack " .	I
Others added to create the current eight and over the years these bells have been recast .	I
Learnt as he watched television but he had no knowledge of politics .	I
" Nu försvinner vi eller ingår " from 2007 and among her poetry collections are " Silverskåp " from 2000 .	I
The Grand De Nio Prize in 2008 and she was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 2001 .	I
Is arrested when the club is raided , but she accepts the job doing a striptease .	I
Permanent members are the Catholic bishops and archbishops from the four countries .	O
Lt. Gov and edwin D. Morgan .	I
Then a steam powered burr mill and the mill was originally a water-powered gristmill .	I
There were various factions within the union with different viewpoints , but in January 2001 , Kokuro voted to accept the plan .	I
The election results were announced on June 6 at Nippon Budokan and results were broadcast live on TV for the first time .	O
About northwest of the county seat and it is more than southwest of Linyi .	I
It is corrosive and highly toxic .	O
A high-pitched sound plays when the keys are switched on and a low-pitched sound plays when they are switched off .	O
" Iris warleyensis " all have cubiform seeds " and " Iris bucharica " , " Iris orchioides .	I
The family was expelled from the village and came the refugee camp in 1948 .	O
Her mother from Finland and her father is from Chile .	I
Decided to sign her to their label and emi Music Australia were impressed with the track .	I
Menegatti is a defender and right-handed left-side player .	O
She is still there and she reportedly went to Qatar .	I
Tirit with of his family were released from prison and after Shapur II was defeated , he had signed a treaty members .	I
The 1946 – 47 season was Galatasaray SK 's 43rd in existence and the club 's 35th consecutive season in the Istanbul Football League .	O
He also served as chairman of the Golden Ridge school board and as a member of the town council for Meadow Lake .	O
13.1 percent , since the 2006 Census , or this is an increase of 288 people .	I
Died on 27 July 2004 at the age of 87 , and he suffered a debilitating paralysis stroke on 24 July 2001 .	I
Was among the founding teachers of the college and in 1954 , he joined Cadet College Hasan Abdal .	I
The series was written by Juha Jokela and is known for its courageous humor .	O
He was a Doctor of Divinity and later Canon of Salisbury Cathedral .	O
He graduated with a diploma in graphic design and kasbani was awarded with a scholarship during his study .	I
These numbers were fixed by Article 67 of the Belgian Constitution and roughly reflect the ratio of Dutch-speakers to French-speakers by population .	O
That does not meet argument restrictions , and will result in a runtime error .	O
Gregory S. Paul , in 1988 , suggested a similar function , and illustrated two " Ceratosaurus " engaged in a nonlethal butting contest .	O
Was replaced by finance editor David Koch and ford moved to other presenting roles in 1996 .	I
They would debate the issues of the day and the viewers would heavily influence those topics .	O
A few tertön have been Kagyupa and tertön are also prevalent in Bön traditions .	I
In all cases their families were known as " jenmis " ) and the landlord was also usually the " desavazhi " ( headman .	I
Attacked at around 7am on the 25th , and the Russian forces assembled on 24 October .	I
There are various explanations why liver dysfunction or portosystemic shunting might lead to encephalopathy .	O
Furthermore , many people with chronic liver disease are malnourished and require adequate protein to maintain a stable body weight .	O
He had switched to pair skating in 1993 but was without a partner at the time .	O
Also exploded and others became unstable .	I
On Brown 's album " The World Is Yours and rourke also played bass for Ian Brown , both on tour " .	I
Can be distinguished only at close range , and this coloration looks very similar to tricolor .	I
Later a Reagan White House policy analyst and barbara Honegger was a 1980 Reagan-Bush campaign staffer .	I
Radio receiver in one device and a clock radio is an alarm clock integrated .	I
Westmount also offers gifted classes , special education classes , as well as an ESL programming for students with needs .	O
This design had an effect of reducing the amount of drag and increased the handling of the board by a considerable margin .	O
Constructed of timber structures and the inner ward was flat .	I
Flies across the city to find the band 's car and after escaping from the club , the player steals a helicopter .	I
The natural habitat of " Cibotium " is among the dripping trees and stream gullies of the rainforests on Hawaii 's windward volcanic slopes .	O
So isomorphic to a matrix algebra over C and as a complex algebra , it is central simple .	I
" It 's quite a simple theory and one that any beer drinker understands .	O
1900 – 1914 , over 20 % of remaining noble land was sold but only 3 % of the 155 estates over 50,000 " desiatiny " .	O
After his college career , Hyatt played AAU basketball , and later coached in the Professional Basketball League of America .	O
The colonists did not withdraw , inflicting significant casualties on the attackers , but smith 's leading forces charged up the hill to drive them off .	I
The D-Fenders also switched to the new arena and were re-branded as the South Bay Lakers .	O
Thunderstorms in an of moderate wind shear , or the system consisted of a disorganized area of convection , area .	I
Kōchi Prefecture , where several roads were closed , and heavy rainfall also caused landslides in Ōita Prefecture .	I
Keeps many children out of the foster care system and it is less costly to taxpayers than formal foster care .	I
Guitarist Steve MacIntosh was replaced by Andy " Heed " Forbes , and stan Stammers , a former Epileptics bassist , joined in 1979 .	I
It can 't afford not to , and they can afford to do it .	O
Is expected to begin filming in Spring 2019 and the film was in pre-production for a few years .	I
By 1905 Denis Spratt was operating the hotel once again , and he held a turkey shoot to advertise its new ownership .	O
He also bought the hotel and built a general store .	O
Died in 1999 at the age of 88 and alyn had Alzheimer 's disease later in his life .	I
By 1976 , Shuster was almost blind and living in a California nursing home .	O
Dagur Kári Pétursson , formed in the early 1990s and slowblow is an Icelandic musical duo consisting of Orri Jónsson .	I
Have made several albums together and they began recording in the mid-1990s .	I
The government of the oligarchy was not very active but they sent six missions to the Ming Court .	O
Several of them are blurred or slightly out of focus .	O
Should incorporate information as it is introduced into the workplace and training will be a key component of the overall GHS approach .	I
The site belonged to the state and was meant for social housing .	O
Edinburgh 's public dispensary was founded in 1776 by Andrew Duncan and provided the impoverished in the city with free medical advice .	O
Was not chosen when Quisling formed his cabinet on 1 February 1942 , and at the same time Sandberg was not a member of Nasjonal Samling .	I
Studied at University of California , Los Angeles and she graduated from Beverly Hills High School in 1979 .	I
Instead served as a deputy representative , but schou was not re-elected in 2005 .	I
In 1907 , Friedrich von Huene examined the fossil and recognized it as part of a theropod dinosaur .	O
The western suburbs of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania , and the bridge links downtown Harrisburg , City Island .	I
Monitored by the government and every town was tightly controlled .	I
Was the director-general of the Norwegian State Railways from 1883 to 1899 , and he served as Norwegian Minister of the Army twice in the 1870s .	I
Kárpáti describes the piece as possessing " technical bravura and at the same time ... poetic versatility " .	O
The meme is sometimes referred to as PvN and has a long history on the Internet .	O
Is published in tabloid format and it has its headquarters in Bergen .	I
The Socialists , she eventually settled on nihilism as her guiding philosophy and though Fumiko considered the belief systems put forth by the Salvation Army group .	I
Commercial traffic continued to decline until it ceased , and tolls were down to £ 1,278 in 1946 .	I
Leys Junction is just above the top lock , and the bottom lock is just above the junction .	I
Non-proportional plastic loading also invalidates the path-independence , but unloading is a special case of this .	I
In the larger scheme are also ratites , and all tinamou are from the family Tinamidae .	I
His character 's design was loosely modeled on him , as well as a real-life " sleazy Hollywood agent " .	O
Well as Jeff Goldblum 's participation on the audio commentary , as dave Foster of " DVD Times " praised the episode .	I
For perhaps as much as 300 metres in ideal conditions , and on a good swell , a right-hander breaks over sand .	I
Hendry admitted that he would like to find evidence for extraterrestrials but noted that the vast majority of cases had prosaic explanations .	O
Until 1959 his seat in parliament was taken by Hans Mikal Solsem , and he was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Nord-Trøndelag in 1958 .	I
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia – ALL ) , and to classify the subtype of disease .	O
There is a bus stop north of the station , but most buses do not come into the station forecourt .	I
It is 32 km south of Port McNeill and on the southwest side of Nimpkish Lake .	O
Represented Norway in the respective National Youth Teams , and she proved to be successful in both sports .	I
He fights against Hawkman for many years , as well as the Justice League of America .	O
In 1987 , the song was remixed and re-released by the label Total Control .	O
Daniela Hantuchová was the defending champion , but chose not to participate that year .	O
They opened a bicycle shop on the Via Varesina in Milan , and in 1950 Strada married Carlo Messori , a retired racing cyclist .	I
She was rescued by a " seaQuest " team , but , it cost the life of Lieutenant James Brody .	O
Ended her relationship with Commander Ford and the incident shook her faith in love .	I
One is a panel portrait in oils ( ) and the other is a miniature by Nicholas Hilliard .	O
According to Roy Strong , Fear of the wrong use and perception of the visual image dominates the Elizabethan age .	O
Immediately enrolled at the University of Southern California Law School and in August 1998 Merritt received an honorable discharge from the Marines .	I
In high school took an independent study in English , and groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade .	I
Ilatov currently lives in Netanya , and is married with three children .	O
Chose to participate in Linz instead , but ana Ivanovic was the defending champion .	I
Is married with two children and shemtov currently lives in Nazareth Illit .	I
A right-arm medium-fast bowler and he was a right-handed batsman .	I
Was sentenced to nearly five years in prison in February 2010 and subramaniam , who used the alias JiLsi , admitted conspiracy to defraud .	I
Funded by any or the magazine was never subsided institution .	I
Mk36 SROC decoy launchers were also added , as well as two quadruple Harpoon launchers amidships .	O
She edited the " Irish Women 's Journal " , and worked as a researcher for RTÉ for five years .	O
From then until 1996 it operated locally , and xhenb signed on October 1 , 1994 .	I
Moved its tower to a new site and it applied for intermittent operation on channel 29 .	I
Is finally becoming close to finishing her first studio album and she had been writing for two years as an independent artist .	I
Knowles partnered with Mahesh Bhupathi , but lost in the round robin .	O
" Presidio Med " was created and executive produced by John Wells .	O
Never spoke again publicly about politics and he later concentrated on his law practice .	I
Acquired programming from Telemundo , among other sources and the station took the on-air name of Súper 6 .	I
This led to Captain attacking Yoshitatsu and aligning himself with Bullet Club .	O
Has a child and yamamoto is also married .	I
Now it is sure , they belonged to the different manuscripts , but it was classified together with Uncial 0121b as the same manuscript .	I
Used corporal punishment and his parents were religious .	I
Other buildings including the landmark water tower , and applications were made to demolish the building .	I
Resumed her transatlantic voyage that same day and she completed those repairs on 9 February 1918 .	I
Pulled into Brest on 11 September 1918 and she sailed from Norfolk on 21 August 1918 .	I
Since 2005 the team under its current name and during the times the first time was outside professional football played .	I
Judge Kuhl ruled that the remaining counts could proceed to trial , and the case ultimately settled with the plaintiff receiving an undisclosed sum .	O
Developed by Torus Games for the Game Boy Advance in 2002 and the Invincible Iron Man is an action video game published by Activision .	I
The couple have homes in California and in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico .	O
Competition is between individuals or fireteam against fireteam .	O
With good structure , but a smaller club .	I
Sky was found to have overcharged for its Sky Sports channels , and was ordered in 2010 to reduce its charges for these channels .	O
Its melting point is − 161.5 ° C , and its boiling point is − 20.2 ° C .	O
William West ( 1801 – 61 ) was an English oil painter and watercolourist who was a member of the Bristol School of artists .	O
Sent again to Albania and a new army was assembled .	I
The series took a hiatus after " The Kang Dynasty " and returned on May 15 , 2011 in the United States .	O
Is currently hospitalized and his son has leukemia .	I
Melody volunteers with a shut-in and slowly builds his trust .	O
He then graduated from University of Iowa and was admitted to the Iowa bar .	O
He served as mayor of Birmingham and on the Birmingham School Board .	O
One of Milton Babbitt 's six all-combinatorial hexachord " source sets and it is also Ernő Lendvai 's " 1 : 3 Model " scale " .	I
Worked it for hours and he took the puzzle home .	I
Became a regular participant in national championships and yabushita excelled at judo starting in high school .	I
Switched mid-season to be more in-line with the Team Lotus , but caterham 's livery began the season with AirAsia 's red-and-white .	I
The most common one is the banyan tree , but the kijimuna are said to live in trees .	I
A presentation of this statement and homily by the Rev .	O
By 1971 the post office was disbanded and most of Robinhood 's residents left .	O
I 've been so close to winning so many times , but the fashion we did it in was extra special . "	O
Did well at the box office , but the film was controversial among critics .	I
The library lost 60 staff positions during FY 2010 and expects to lose another 80 in FY 2011 .	O
Neither specifies the winner of the engagement , and the two texts differ in the year .	I
In the year 2011 he got his chain snatched and robbed by gangsta rapper " 40 Glocc " .	O
The eastern wing is a kitchen and the western wing is a former smokehouse .	I
Showed that formate metabolism continued in the bacterial sample and the experimenters then monitored formate metabolism using in-situ Raman spectroscopy .	I
Is run over a weekend , and the festival commenced in 1997 .	I
Former Rosh Yeshiva of Telshe yeshiva and avrohom Yitzchok Sorotzkin is a prolific writer .	I
The " Times " called it a circus the same day , and the " Boston Herald " attacked cold fusion the following day .	O
Reservoirs in Sri and " List of dams Lanka	I
Nakamura steals Ji-woo 's documents and learns about the gold .	O
He won three provincial titles in a row from 1943 to 1945 , but there was no Brier held those years due to World War II .	O
Burmese traditional festivals are based on the traditional Burmese calendar and dates are largely determined by the moon 's phase .	O
The lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and the music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan .	I
At the crossroads was the church , and an inn , the Haworth Arms .	O
It was photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947 and was mapped from the photographs by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960 .	O
This was the first meeting of the two recently elected church leaders and only the second gathering of popes in Italy in 1,500 years .	O
Two small FBA Type A two-seat flying boats and later they were joined by Short Type 184 seaplanes .	I
Plays as hitter and she is tall at .	I
Went to the Bernhard Nocht Institute for Tropical Medicine in 1929 and he was an assistant of Ernst Weinland at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg .	I
By the end of the race had climbed back up to eighth but turkington had dropped to the back of the field on the opening lap .	I
Green tinged with red or flowers are pale purplish red .	I
Then twice failed to qualify in a Maki and he drove for March for two races in 1974 .	I
Began his own independent artistic career and in 1917 , he returned to Tbilisi .	I
Compared it to " Beautiful " due to its minimalist structure " and popcrush critic Michael Gallucci described the song as a " showstopper .	I
It was co-produced by Gilbert and it was produced by Supa Dups .	I
The people eventually starved and the grain was not distributed .	I
Describe the following travel sections and the individual episodes are titled	I
Was subsequently included on Limerick 's championship panel and he played a number of games during that campaign .	I
The town site remains largely paddocks to this day and although subdivision commenced the proposal was revoked in June 1895 .	I
He reached the rank of colonel in the Army of the North , and was among the leaders of the historic Arequito Revolt ( 1820 ) ,	O
Has been a member of the Middlesex RFU since the 1880s but in 1879 , the club became a founder member of Surrey RFU .	I
In 1907 , Reisner returned to the Russian Empire and became a lecturer at Saint Petersburg State University .	O
Was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps and it was designed by National Park Service architects .	I
Incumbent president Richard von Weizsäcker was term-limited and could therefore not stand for reelection .	O
A study room where extra help sessions are held and further across this space are the laundry room for students .	I
On September 26 , 2016 , he signed with the Timberwolves , but was waived on October 22 after appearing in three preseason games .	O
She is tall at and plays as libero .	O
Two races with Lancia in 1955 brought about similar disappointment but Ascari would not manage to see the year out .	O
Neither has any other female driver since and she was unable to win any further points .	I
The Aboriginal population was less urbanised and relatively few lived in Vancouver .	O
In the 2012 season , Gurley started 12 of 14 games and rushed for 1,385 yards on 222 carries with 17 touchdowns .	O
She 's called Scarlett in real life and she 's such a beautiful baby .	O
It is revealed that Robbo is still in Erinsborough and mason Turner later calls Robbo to check in with him .	I
Mason is the eldest of Lauren ( Kate Kendall ) and Matt Turner 's ( Josef Brown ) three children .	O
Moves into Number 26 Ramsay Street and rhiannon then decides to stay in Erinsborough .	I
Thought they were similar in terms of how organised they both were and elmaloglou thought Terese was the kind of person she would be friends with .	I
Go on a date and hudson also meets Chris Pappas .	I
Pragmatic philosophers had also advanced solutions to the related ontological problems , and sir Arthur Eddington had discussed notions similar to operationalization before Bridgman .	I
How Filipina domestic workers are unfairly paid and most pressing may be the issue of salary .	I
To carry off their effects , and leave to evacuate the province .	I
Jean Chienne in Grand Pré there Bern and in 1748 , the deputies in Piziquid were Abraham Landry ; was .	I
Flowers are pink or rarely white .	O
The town is north of the state capital Brisbane and north west of the regional centre of Bundaberg .	O
Merged the " Republican News " into it " and in 1882 he purchased the Milwaukee " Sentinel .	I
Was interred in accordance with Church of England rites , and he had reportedly converted to the Church of England .	I
Only woman member and she was the first .	I
Turned to the administration of his agricultural properties and jones now made his home in Jackson , Louisiana .	I
He had a 46-yard reception against the Golden Gophers , and his total of 151 yards was also a career-high .	O
Students were consolidated into DeWitt High , and in 2009 Gillett High School closed .	I
This extreme reaction took some time to develop , however , and only gathered real strength after the turn of the century .	O
Final round the 1998 FIA GT Championship season and the 1998 Visa Sports Car Championships was the tenth .	I
The mudflow entered the ocean immediately to the north of the falls , and Highway 1 was closed for a year while the road was repaired .	O
In 2007 the dam 's capacity was again raised and connection to the regional water grid was re-established .	O
Was completed in 2008 and work began in early 2007 .	I
Expression of these proteins is spatially and temporally regulated during embryonic development .	O
Triggers can be subtle and difficult to anticipate .	O
Nothing is rejected or exclusively accepted .	O
It was first published in 1930 by Zorn , but in his publication Zorn credited it to Artin .	O
In cardiovascular disease , Grx2a overexpression protects mouse heart from Dox and ischemia-induced cardiac injury , potentially via increasing mitochondrial protein glutathionylation .	O
The authors talk about it a lot , but do not make any conclusions about it .	O
They are both predicted to encode the same protein , and two transcript variants have been found for this gene .	I
At present , tourist facilities are not provided and the road into the dam is locked .	O
It lies approximately north of Wołów , and north-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
A decreased leukocyte cell number was recorded in male animals and the remaining tests were carried out on heterozygous mutant adult mice .	I
It lies approximately north of Wołów , and north-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately west of Wołów .	I
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately east of Wołów .	I
It was recreated in June 1940 during World War II and substantially reorganised in 1942 for participation in Operation Torch .	O
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately west of Wołów .	I
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north of Wołów .	I
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately south of Wołów .	I
It is thought to have a role in neuropathic pain , and vgf expression has also been shown in damaged peripheral nerves ..	I
Finished second to Anton Mang in the 350cc world championship and his best year was in 1982 when he won two races .	I
Expression of E1A inhibits this repression , and it functions as a transcriptional repressor .	I
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately east of Wołów .	I
In 1990 , he moved up to the 500cc class but failed to repeat his successes in the 250 class .	O
It lies approximately north of Wołów , and north-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
They met Jung-soon when they explored the woods , and their car broke down on Highway 69 too .	I
It has been passed from generation to generations and the Bhumkas ' herbal healing knowledge is age old .	I
North-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately east of Wołów .	I
It lies approximately west of Czernica , and south-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
It was founded in 1975 and is registered in Paris .	O
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-west of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north of Długołęka .	I
It lies approximately north of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-west of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-east of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-east of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-west of Długołęka .	I
Devon attempts to untangle the mystery and is led on an adventure .	O
It lies approximately north-west of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-east of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-east of Długołęka .	I
It lies approximately north of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
He was born in Austin , Texas and died in Ventura County , California .	O
It lies approximately north of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
I have to watch over everything they do " and are very amateur ; they have never been properly taught .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north of Długołęka .	I
It lies approximately north of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
Iron on was forged – named after a Superchunk song , and not long after , Ian Rogers ( Bass ) joined .	I
It lies approximately west of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
It lies approximately north-west of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
It lies approximately west of Długołęka , and north-east of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-west of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-east of Długołęka .	I
The colliery was owned by the Bolsover Colliery Company and passed to the National Coal Board in 1947 .	O
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north-west of Długołęka .	I
North-east of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately north of Długołęka .	I
This changed to the Mars Cycling Australia Road National Championships from 2011 but they are more commonly referred to as " The Nationals " .	O
Usually had a form of a bay leaf and the sharpened head of a bear spear was enlarged .	I
A settlement also developed around the castle on the hill opposite and was the French borough supporting the Normans in the Castle .	O
Became a hit for that year and it did well at the box office .	I
South-west of the regional capital Wrocław and it lies approximately north of Jordanów Śląski .	I
Her career slowed afterward , but she worked through 1941 .	I
In 1580 , William Borough measured the declination and found it to be 11 ° NE .	O
There is no exaggeration in this word " " and his goalkeeping has been described as " majestic .	I
Expresses his gratitude and the professor regains consciousness .	I
In 1957 he was appointed captain-coach of West Torrens and guided them to a fourth-place finish that year .	O
It correlated with the EFT to an extent , but was not exactly the same in some correlations .	O
Was telecast every weekday night at 9.00 pm and it debuted on Channel 8 on 22 November 2011 .	I
He is now a Professor in political science at Sciences Po and the Director for the strategy of Asia Centre , Paris .	O
2-dong on the east side of Tancheon and 1-dong on the west side of Tancheon	I
The seating capacity is 5,200 seats , and the grass stand holds 12,000 people .	O
The original station building was demolished in 1965 and replaced by a building built in 1968 .	O
The certificates were due to expire on 2 August 2012 but were revoked on 14 October 2011 according to Symantec .	O
This remains their best showing to date and in 2005 , Argentina were the tournament runners-up .	I
He is also a wolfwere and the darklord of Kartakass .	O
" Wolfwind " ambushes them but ends up helping them .	O
The next day , they start sailing to Limmat , and when they arrive , they see Zavac 's ship .	O
Are accused of murdering Rikard , but they find evidence of Zavac .	I
Meet up with the SeaHawk and they then sail down Wildwater Rift .	I
Hal agrees to help him , and they set sail for Byzantos .	O
Took the revolver with him , but he left his rifle behind .	I
( Bill ) Jones ( 1919 – 1981 ) and Virginia Slaughter Jones ( 1925 – 2003 ) .	O
Jones appeared on the cover of " BusinessTN " Magazine and was characterized as " The King of Cash " .	O
Well as the Independent School Associations of Ontario as the OACS was a member of Christian Schools Canada .	I
Bentley went on to play further matches against Plymouth , and Burton Albion before Paul Smith returned to full fitness .	O
He campaigned for Ron Carey 's reelection in 1996 , and for Tom Leedham in the two following Teamster elections .	O
Shiva sensed this catastrophe , and his rage was incomparable .	O
Exits the heart through the implanted valved conduit and in addition , blood flow bypasses the native valve .	I
The Guelowars were extended maternal relatives of the Ñaanco and one of their greatest threat to the throne .	O
In the same skin-colored dress from earlier , but the following chorus shows the same scenario .	I
Have a daughter and the duo are married .	I
The centre is based in the School of Computer Science , and houses a suite of Class 100 to Class 1000 cleanrooms .	O
Later in front of the judges and the candidates auditioned in front of producers .	I
In a low-scoring game , Clare 's Tull Considine scored two goals and was foiled for what would almost certainly have been a third .	O
Simko was primarily interested in plunder and it lacked any kind of administrative organization .	I
A newspaper factory may cause pollution , and a billboard may obstruct a view .	O
Doctoral programs are usually at least three years long and conclude with the defence of a PhD thesis .	O
Later that day , a cold front entered the northwestern Caribbean and may have contributed to the further development of the system .	O
However , Rina 's peak intensity did not last very long , and it dropped below major hurricane strength twelve hours after peak intensity .	O
Bee is home-schooled and an environmentalist .	O
She is very interested in vegetables and has her own vegetable garden .	O
Mrs. Zelnick is Aldo and Timothy 's mom .	O
The single reached number 4 in Australia and number 19 in the United States .	O
This image foreshadows the events to come , and Henry 's fading away from his family .	O
The Kinshasa Convention is the most recent small arms control and disarmament legal instrument elaborated within the United Nations framework .	O
It covers only part of the screen as well as dimming the remaining area .	O
There is a home within the stable yard , and at least one ruined cottage near the walls .	O
The sage went to acquire food for the old man , but while returning he found that Vishnu remained in the place .	O
The park still stands and hosts recreational baseball .	O
Worcester Wolves the latter effectively ending Wolves ’ play-off and the team ’ s only two victories were at home to Guildford , hopes .	I
Her mother is Danish and johnson 's father is American .	I
She was long and 483 tons .	O
Alexander was reportedly overpracticing Liszt 's " Don Juan Fantasy " and Balakirev 's " " when he damaged his right hand .	O
The rivers located in the Cordillera Central and however the main tourist attractions are the mountains .	I
Jerry pops out from Tom 's sleeves , but tom then stuffs Jerry into his suit .	I
In 2007 she received the CNRS Silver Medal award and in 2009 a European Research Council advanced grant .	O
Then borrowed into German as Selters and this name was applied to the town .	I
He also owned two shops and a cafe in Islington .	O
At the age of 17 , Thorson returned to the United States and moved to Los Angeles , California , to pursue political activism .	O
The school was renamed Bolton High School for Girls and moved to the Park Road site in 1891 .	O
The bits in SDRs have semantic meaning , and that meaning is distributed across the bits .	O
Jorn found the Mok-Mok , but it was already destroyed .	O
When Duff fell , his helmet fell off and revealed the face of an old man .	O
Were relegated to Division Two for the 2010 – 11 season but caerleon resided in the Welsh Football League Division One for numerous seasons .	I
100 salaried workers in the area and the reborn company employs over 260 hourly .	I
This phase is the verification of the pre-construction calculations and is used to determine the actual cost savings .	O
Are a favorite source of illustrations of life in and all the photographs in the archive are in the public domain Saint-Petersburg .	I
In 1985 , Balatonföldvár became a township , and later in 1992 it became a town .	O
Was written out of the show after two episodes , and keith 's name would later be changed to Kyle .	I
The National Museum of Wales , Cardiff – November 1970 ; and this major exhibition toured to the Southampton Art Gallery , September 1970 , October .	I
There was the promise of ice hockey games being scheduled and efforts were made to continue the ice hockey season in 1915 .	I
Would bring Australia in line with international regulations and this was in the interest of greater player safety .	I
The minesweepers cleared a transport area and swept lanes to the beaches .	O
With a front triangle which resembled an upside down Chopper frame , but its frame was very similar to the Raleigh Twenty Shopper bicycle .	I
Was positioned at the top of that range and it was part of a range of age-specific bicycles .	I
Particularly in the linocut in the between the Wars , and the school did much to revive interest in print-making in general , years .	I
The boat survived the First World War and was sold for scrap in 1920 .	O
Stadtholder originally was the representative of the Burgundy and later Habsburg monarchs in the seventeen provinces .	O
Douglas Menville served as editor , and Robert Reginald as associate editor .	O
Maintaining the monastery and is remembered for " building . "	I
Trains over 2,000 students a year and the wing employs more than 1,800 personnel .	I
Had a maximum capacity of and it would normally carry of fuel .	I
In January 2008 she lost the Iowa caucus to then-Senator Barack Obama , but clinton was the front-runner in the early months of the Democratic primary .	I
Six glypicans have been identified in mammals , and are referred to as GPC1 through GPC6 .	O
They added traditional Buddhist elements to the design , and strove for perfection in the depiction of details .	O
Chinook Centre is located north-west from the community and fairmont Drive bisects the neighbourhood from north to south .	I
The central three blocks project slightly , and are topped by a pedimented gable .	O
This area was not originally the center of Webster 's economic activity , but became an important area when the railroad was built through the area .	O
Elmer does everything he can to not offend Rupert , but unwittingly fails at the simplest , seemingly banal tasks .	O
In the process I found my own voice , and over the last week , I listened to you . "	I
Well positioned and we are well organized . "	I
However , she was never seriously considered or vetted by Obama for the position .	O
The loch is featured in a survey of historic gardens and designed Landscapes carried out for the East Dunbartonshire Council .	O
Cost almost $ 125 million to build , and the facility was opened in August 2001 .	I
On November 5 , Major Waller took a detachment to the Sohoton River and drove the guerrillas from their trenches there ; two Marines were killed .	O
Fruiting occurs from July to November in Europe , and in later summer to autumn in North America .	O
Lizza found one and tiffany needed a manager .	I
She once again , saw Kelly and thinks she is a stalker .	O
Both are then kicked out for the day and the two had a meeting with the acting coach .	I
Postwar plans were to mount them on rail carriages , but these came to naught with the breakup of Austria-Hungary .	O
The house was built c . 1752 by Jonas Holland , and is one of only four colonial-era houses in the town .	O
It is where all of its town halls have been located , and it is where the town 's first meeting house was built .	I
Played for the Bay of Plenty Steamers , and in 2002 he switched to rugby union .	I
The school adapted it for its uses , but only occupied it for a few years .	O
Chapdelaine joined him there as their receivers coach and buono was hired by the BC Lions in 2003 .	I
The other two roads run north-south through the village center , and boston Road is a major east-west route through the town .	I
They had eleven children , ten of whom survived to adulthood , and he married Harmony Child in Sturbridge on July 5 , 1786 .	I
He created pieces on commission and sold his work locally .	O
The 3rd Infantry Division landed on Sword Beach on 6 June but was stopped short of Caen by the 21st Panzer Division .	O
At the bombardment began to creep forward and the infantry advanced downhill through cornfields .	O
Prepared to defend the ground around Rauray and xxx Corps provided artillery support to VIII Corps .	I
The conventions were often " Star Trek " -centric , but usually included actors from other science fiction television series .	O
Wants no part in raising Patricia but jarvis has received a letter from Buzz .	I
An " enjoyable tribute to the adventure fantasies of Louis Feuillade " " and " Time Out " wrote that the film is " superbly elegant .	I
Before serving as mayor and he had been a lawyer .	I
Required no other process than drying to be fit for use , and the specimen he brought on board was of a good quality .	I
From above , the lake appears a solid bubble gum pink , but from the shoreline it appears more of a clear pink hue .	O
Marie Laforêt 's voice fit perfectly in André Popp 's 1960s soundscapes and he created more of them for her than for her contemporaries .	O
The House had a Democratic-Republican majority , and the Senate had a Federalist majority .	I
Senators are listed by class , and Representatives are listed by district .	O
The version featured here includes guest vocals from Andy Griffith , and is the version used in the song 's music video .	O
Only Metro in Colombia , the Medellín Metro and this metropolitan area is known for having the first .	I
The cap skin peels to two-thirds , and it later has a furrowed margin .	O
Became Mercedes-Benz AMG beginning on 1 January 1999 , and the company was integrated into DaimlerChrysler in 1999 .	I
The belt consists of one or more layers of material .	O
In 1999 , " Weird Al " Yankovic wrote and recorded a parody of " American Pie " .	O
By 2000 chipped away about 30 % from Cisco SP Market share and one of them , Juniper Networks , shipped their first product in 1999 .	I
These drugs also cross the placenta and are secreted in breast milk .	O
Australia conducted a trial in 2007 , but then abandoned further support of .1.6.e164.arpa .	O
Grew up in DeWitt , Michigan and cutler was born in Lansing , Michigan .	I
Directed the opera " Evil Machines " and in 2008 , Jones wrote the libretto for .	I
He is also a member of the Poetry Society , and his poems have appeared in " Poetry Review " .	O
In 1917 he was injured and captured by the French .	O
He married Dorothee Capell in 1925 and had five daughters with her .	O
Leave the decision as given by the gyōji , or they may order a bout to be restarted .	I
The 3rd Maryland Regiment , the 4th Maryland Regiment , and the 6th Maryland Regiment were recruited in the county .	O
Often sucked into Daffy 's schemes and he is still friends with Daffy Duck .	I
Died prior to 3 December 1522 in Nuremberg and he was born around 1480 in Kulmbach , Franconia .	I
Is normally separated from the vehicular section by a curb ) and a sidewalk may accommodate moderate changes in grade ( height .	I
The Greek city of Corinth had sidewalks by the 4th-century BCE , and the Romans built sidewalks – they called them " sēmitae " .	O
The partnership was dissolved amicably in 1977 , and neither partner could buy each other out .	I
's General Store " and " created J.T .	O
Recycled 98 % of its construction debris and this new store was built with recycled materials .	I
The bail across them six inches and the stumps must be 22 inches high .	I
Nasser led the 1952 overthrow of the monarchy and introduced far-reaching land reforms the following year .	O
Nasser by appointing Amer as governor-general alongside Sarraj and by December , the political situation in Syria was faltering responded .	I
In 1964 , Nasser was made president of the NAM and held the second conference of the organization in Cairo .	O
Was withheld from Nasser until the Sinai deployment on 14 May , but the message had been originally received by Amer on 2 May .	I
Amer reassured him that the army was prepared for confrontation , but Nasser doubted Amer 's assessment of the military 's readiness .	O
The summit concluded with the Khartoum Resolution and a ceasefire in the Yemen War was declared .	I
Also suffered from circulatory problems with an irregular heart beat and mubarak had undergone surgery for the condition in Germany in 2010 .	I
Has undergone many changes in the past few decades , and the South American country Brazil can also acclaim multiculturalism .	I
This Convention affirms multicultural policies in Luxembourg and creates political awareness of cultural diversity .	O
As a defining aspect of Australia , and the Australian government retains multiculturalism in policy today .	I
" Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	O
Indiana is killed in the climactic battle but is resurrected by the Monkey King .	O
" Cloth " may be used synonymously with " fabric " but is often a piece of fabric that has been processed .	O
Made it work and he took our logo .	I
The Neal D. Baisi Athletic Center was completed in 1968 and was home to the Golden Bears ' basketball teams .	O
The album was limited to small number of copies and sold out within a week after its release .	O
Both teams had an excellent run and promoted in the Liga IV .	O
Previously , the Old English word simply meant " good news , " but its meaning was extended in Old English to fit a religious context .	O
Allowed roughly 72 hours to recover and muscles are worked roughly twice per week .	I
Follow that up with a 30-45 second break and then you would perform 1 rep with this weight .	I
The team 's standing fell , and maryland lost both , however .	I
Pigou termed it as “ Maximum Aggregate Welfare ” and dalton called this principle as “ Maximum Social Advantage ” .	I
He began the religious practice of donating " kosas " or decorated metallic sleeves to be placed over a lingam .	O
M. L. Finot published the inscriptions that had been found there , and henri Parmentier gave a description of the ruins at Mỹ Sơn .	I
He forged a strong relationship with his lifelong patron Robert Boyle , and was tutor to Boyle 's nephew , the politician Richard Jones .	O
" Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society " continues today and is the longest running scientific journal in the world .	O
Upon arrival , Doctor Dillamond retreats to his professor 's quarters and Galinda goes to Crage Hall , the women 's college .	O
Galinda 's chaperone Ama Clutch sees the servant Grommetik kill Dillamond , but she is magicked into a false stupor to keep her quiet .	O
Somehow causes everyone standing around Nessarose 's wheelchair to be thrown backward , and when the headmistress ignores her objections , she flies into a rage .	I
A true tuition figure to identify the best value private schools , and the National Jurist used graduate employment rates , bar pass percentage .	I
" divorced " the community colleges from their parent institutions and in 2008 , the state adopted another system of college organization .	I
The seats were in the 60 / 40 split configuration , and the flat-folding third row seat was offered even with all-wheel-drive .	O
Japanese versions were manufactured at the Austrian factory and were equipped very similar to European specifications .	O
Pinion with 3.6 turns lock-to-lock and steering was by a power-assisted rack .	I
The XR4Ti only came as a two-door vehicle with liftgate , and the Scorpio only came as a four-door with a liftgate .	O
Frc ( Frame Rate Control ) and less expensive MVA panels can use dithering .	I
Turns out to depend on the transformation of the annihilation operator , and the invariance of the canonical quantization procedure can be worked out :	I
Marut borders a bay overlooking Kabukum Island , and lusik faces out to the open ocean .	I
The Ultimates capture Electro and Kraven the Hunter .	O
Peter refuses , and breaks free .	O
The result of the following construction or a compression body is either a handlebody :	I
He served in the State Senate and was its president in 1853 .	O
The press as better looking than his father and his son , Salvatore , was described by associates .	I
Freshmen nominees are awarded three-year scholarships , and sophomore nominees are awarded two-year scholarships .	O
Was killed in 2001 in the September 11 attacks but trombino recovered from the wounds he received in this incident .	I
In 1899 a fire destroyed all but a few of the buildings .	O
It was then re-introduced in 1998 and remains in production in 2018 .	O
Was powered by a Continental IO-520-A of and the P206 was produced from 1965 to 1970 .	I
The standard of accommodation was lower than in other states and many houses were of non-conventional , high maintenance construction .	O
He began to vomit blood and nikumbha hung Arjuna In the sky .	I
Released " PC Fútbol 2005 " , developed by Gaelco and in 2004 , Planeta DeAgostini acquired the rights to the name .	I
He was one of the first popular performers from that country , and was said to be the first electric guitarist from East Africa .	O
Co-produced nine albums for Starr or in that endeavor , Hudson produced .	I
The sole designer for the website and jennifer Niederst was GNN 's Art Director .	I
Kari thinks he is the new babysitter come to relieve her , but wonders what the " S " on his costume stands for .	O
It is clear that he learnt much from Trakl 's techniques , and among the poets he translated was the German expressionist Georg Trakl .	I
The paper is owned by the media group LT Liberala Tidningar AB and the stated position of the editorial is " independently liberal " .	O
Line 1 is built upon the old surface-level line , and was opened in 2006 , spanning with 23 stations .	O
Reached the rank of Makushita 27 and he made his debut in November 1974 .	I
Even slapped the Giant , who retaliated by " paint-brushing " Heenan and the team 's manager , Bobby Heenan , blamed André for the loss .	I
The team did not last long due to Rikishi 's injury , but after the Rumble , he formed a tag team with Rikishi .	I
Than DIFS to the wireless medium rather pcf enabled access point wait for PIFS duration occupy .	I
Lockwood , in despair , turned to drinking alcohol prodigiously , and his weight increased severely , reducing his effectiveness very quickly .	O
Is harassed further by their older brother Peter but ender confesses his grief to his older sister Valentine .	I
Brendan Meyer was originally cast in the role of Stilson , but had to leave the production due to a scheduling conflict .	O
Continues to expand with the City of Edmonton and currently , the Edmonton Public Library operates 20 branches .	I
Scored 13 points per game , and he played in 65 games .	I
The station was fully automated in 1976 but the residences remained occupied by staff .	O
Erected psychiatric institutes in many countries or from 1820 on the Brothers took over .	I
The 1999 show opened on September 16 , and had nearly 1,200 exhibitors from 44 countries .	O
7th SIR returned to the fold , and the Commando units were moved elsewhere .	I
Is the work of sculptor Nicholas Dimbleby and the sculpture was commissioned by Hambleton District Council .	I
Maealiuka retired at an advanced age and became the fifteenth Tui Haatakalaua .	O
As a Crown Prince he was known as Tupoutoʻa and later inherited his father 's title , Tungi .	O
He performed Francis Poulenc 's Organ Concerto , but was not placed in the top 3 .	O
Naess lives in New York City and frequently travels back to London .	O
Operated by the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and the is a railway line in Miyagi Prefecture , Japan , owned .	I
Determining which ones could be brought inexpensively to the new console and around early 2014 , Microsoft had been evaluating its older software properties .	I
Until his last day of service 29 2012 , and muller served as Geneva Council of State President for 2011 , February .	I
" Beautiful " was written and produced by Linda Perry .	O
The west wing was added in the 17th century and the library has panelling dating from about 1730 .	O
There were 51 businesses in this sector and 297 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Abandoning his duties for his sexual pleasures and he was once chided for dallying with women .	I
However , it lost market share to Facebook and exited the US market in February 2010 .	O
One " dotori " costs 100 won , and they are used to purchase virtual goods .	O
Was purchased by Young Chull Kim and the Panther Westwinds company collapsed in 1980 .	I
Ends suddenly and the book begins .	I
They are mostly priests part-time and can hold other jobs .	O
The actual choice does not matter , but it has to be topologically consistent .	O
Is considered something of a cult hero at Firhill and he played for the club on a few different occasions .	I
Even multiple vessels each barge voyage ( empty to empty ) and it is common for a barge to be handled by multiple vessels .	I
Work vessel or barge- Non-powered cargo .	I
At times can make them feel immoral and these demands seem to weigh on the society .	I
Impact on data channel throughput guardband aggregating packets into bursts can reduce .	I
Sung Miao On was not originally from Kuk Po , but had studied in Guangzhou at the Military Academy School .	O
Qualified for the promotion round to the 3 and back in the Regionalliga , the club came second .	I
85 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 19 businesses in this sector .	O
Was supported by a South African tour with Van Coke Kartel " and the release appeared in December 2011 as " Apes With Shades .	I
He caught 71 passes for 1038 yards and scored seven touchdowns as a sophomore .	O
Relocated to the United States in 1979 and born in Kirkuk , Hassani attended Mosul University .	I
The first group to use Greek letters and adelphikos was the first official fraternity on campus .	I
The boats were over longer , slightly wider , and displaced more than more than the older boats .	O
Flew off , easily avoiding Gravener 's ramming attempt , and the Austrians managed to restart their engine , however .	I
Eventually was removed from the team and gervin was suspended for the following season .	I
They originally sung in English but eventually switched to Swahili .	O
The complex consists of five major venues as well as other supplementary sport facilities .	O
The resulting deposit contains blocks as large as 100m in diameter , and the debris avalanche traveled more than 15.5 miles to the SE .	I
This complex has more than 450 beds and serves a population of over individuals .	O
Is now known as AOL TopSpeed and this technology was once branded as Turboweb .	I
The next morning , townspeople would leave their normal work and set about the business of repairing the damaged furrow .	O
Since 1998 , it has steadily won back market share and is now the largest buyer of Kilimanjaro smallholder coffee .	O
Ordered their execution and jeongjo supported this view .	I
Lutgarda Yi was arrested later and was taken to Jeonju .	O
The two were married in 1797 and were martyred 4 years later .	O
Was an ancient corridor for travellers from the Tarim Basin to Badakshan , and it contains the headwaters of the Amu Darya ( Oxus ) River .	I
Both pilots were highly experienced , but some sources mention pilot error .	I
Later the girls meet up at the school dance , but both have acquired all the items on the list .	O
The main hall , devoted to Kannon and within the precincts stand a stately five-story pagoda .	I
Sometimes this partnership is forgotten quickly when an unexpected event happens , or when one character feels that the other is no longer necessary .	O
The show then came to the UK in February 2006 on Boomerang , and it went to the U.S. on Kids ' WB on The CW .	O
Bonus material never before and this set featured newly remastered prints seen .	I
Marcus apologizes to Gina for constantly putting work before her , and the two make up , much to Shaunice 's disapproval .	O
Marawi 's weather is warm and wet throughout the year .	O
Not as lords of the manor , but the other prebends also held lands .	I
She picks Sangha up and runs for safety .	O
Began to survey the surrounding terrain and they reached the jebel in October 1954 .	I
As a result , the previous VTsIOM employees left the company and followed Yuri Levada to the new established non-governmental Levada Centre .	O
Her mother a church and her father was a bass player organist .	I
Cosimo III de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany , and he received valuable commissions from Archduke Leopold , the elector-palatine .	I
May be the best work in his large oeuvre of drawings and two of his spring drawings can be considered the most carefully done .	I
There are plans to produce a documentary film and also talks of making it to TV .	O
Occasionally " Hockey Night in Canada " and mcsorley is currently a TV analyst for Sportsnet .	I
He became acquainted with the designs of the great Italian masters means roscoe gave Gibson access to his library at Allerton , by which .	I
He died at Rome on 7 January 1866 and was buried in the Protestant Cemetery there .	O
The sugars may help to attract prey , and the mucilage certainly contributes towards the seal .	I
On August 25 , it turned to the northwest and intensified , becoming a hurricane on August 28 .	O
At the time , Dog was located east of the Lesser Antilles , and it quickly attained major hurricane status as it moved to the west-northwest .	O
The three Mazdas started 19th ( No . , but mazda was not the favourite to win	I
He did his primary studies at the Colegio de Santiago , and in 1813 , attended law classes at the National Institute .	O
Portales ' articles placed him in the limelight and paved the way for his political career .	O
The Group has been seeking a listing since 1988 but is currently not listed in any stock markets .	O
Programmers soon implemented CP-40 ( as CP-67 ) for the IBM System / 360-67 , the first production computer system capable of full virtualization .	O
Differential fusion is less widely recognized than character displacement , and several of its implications are refuted by experimental evidence .	O
Went to Paris with the imperial staff , and in 1815 he was called to Vienna .	I
He finished his high school career with 36 sacks , and was ranked among the top ten defensive linemen nationally .	O
Many others denounced the All Britain Anti-Poll Tax Federation position and defended those who fought back against the police attacks .	O
Became a noble by receiving the title of a Freiherr in 1820 and he became Knight of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary in 1818 .	I
They had previously been temporarily suspended because of a hazing incident and had repeatedly violated this suspension by hosting unsanctioned social events .	O
Does not tolerate chapters who violate the policy and phi Delta Theta has a strict policy against hazing .	I
Mason struck a plea bargain , and was convicted of weapons charges .	O
In 1919 he was a delegate to the National Congress of Weimar and from 1921 to 1933 he was a member of the Reichstag .	O
Other interesting constructions are the three stately homes and a house that belonged to the nobility .	O
The first part is from the 16th century ( 1552 ) and the newest one from the 18th century ( 1758 ) .	O
Attenuate rapidly so are unsuitable for long-distance signaling , but electrotonic potentials are conducted faster than action potentials .	I
The average lifespan is 10 to 12 years , and the breed should be able to reproduce naturally .	O
Have thoroughly researched it and we are often asked this question . "	I
Struggled to understand her role as a Gothic demon hunter , and ezra was among the first Children of the Black Sun .	I
He made important studies of minerals and developed innovative methods in mining .	O
The population was added to by incoming refugees , and about 1,500 educated Jews remained in the ghetto .	I
This allowed for some basic fraud detection by banks and made sure one cheque was not presented twice .	O
Is declining rapidly at the urging of the Canadian Banking Association and canada 's usage of cheques is less than that of the US .	I
In some jurisdictions such an act is a criminal action , and banks will typically charge customers for issuing a dishonoured cheque .	I
Suggested Rohail Hyatt to bring Salman Ahmad as his replacement and the band lead guitarist , Nusrat Hussain , left the band .	I
" The Brothers Grunt " had a short run and was met with generally negative reception from critics .	O
A professional crew navigate and operate the boat .	O
Recompose by moving the camera after metering or the user can select a different off-centre spot .	I
A database of thousands of exposures may be pre-stored in the camera , and the processor can use that information to determine what is being photographed .	O
Well as in the humid forests on the islands of the Comoros as the mongoose lemur lives in dry deciduous forests on the island of Madagascar .	I
Notably , the construction workers in Svetogorsk were called " builders " , and the project also had intent to " build friendship between peoples " .	O
At night , Grace witnesses a piano playing itself and becomes convinced that the house may be haunted .	O
He becomes more accustomed to the city life and feels out of place in the village .	O
The Who 's " Tommy " " and pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .	I
Propose an alternative to cosmic inflation and to explain the horizon problem of cosmology .	I
Both attitudes appear in some cliques of both sexes and all social groups become more permeable with age .	O
The parish is relatively far from the ocean , and it lies at an elevation of forty-five metres .	O
Dunn was also the founder of the famous A & M Consolidated High School Tiger Band in 1947 .	O
He was a proponent of the vivente rege elections and supporter of the politics of queen Ludwika Maria .	O
Learned in his yeshiva the Midrash Bet and hussein was one of the students of Rabbi Abdallah Somekh , Zilkha .	I
The younger brother wins and marries the princess .	O
Produced by Toonz Entertainment for Imira Entertainment and it was directed by Robert H. Fuentes III .	I
He became a professor of classical literature at Le Havre and began writing novels at the end of the 1990s .	O
Is a given name on its own , and ladi is a short version of Ladislav .	I
He debuted against Greece on 13 October and he played out the whole game .	O
The genre was popular science books and science fiction （ 科幻 ） .	O
No bomb was ever found and his family remained safe .	O
The Phi Delta Kappa 's Continuous Outstanding Service to Education Award , and he was awarded the Charlotte Public Relations Society 's Infinity Award .	I
Varies in speed depending on what genes it possesses , and it is a quadrupedal animal which is an omnivore .	I
It was produced by William Fox and released by Fox Film Corporation .	O
Was holding meetings twice a month and by 1905 the club had 86 members .	I
The CWC clubhouse stands on 1001 East Morehead Street and was designed by architect , Charles C. Hook .	O
The chair of the Department of Epidemiology at the Harvard T.H and he is currently the Stephen B. Kay Family Professor of Public Health .	I
Highlighted in bold and winners are listed first .	I
She moved to California and earned her M.A .	O
Her research on Masons in that era continues to be cited , and she also wrote a monograph on the background to Mexican independence .	I
United plays at TCF Bank Stadium and is coached by Adrian Heath .	O
A professor of the Chernihiv Collegium and he is a Doctor of Historical Sciences .	I
Highlighted in bold and winners are listed first .	I
Sylvan began working on ... " Bolscevismo " around 1918 and completed filming by 1920 , according to news sources .	O
Catherine Templeton is an American attorney and political figure from South Carolina .	O
1900 , were the work of and the other two , produced between 1899 .	I
Highlighted in bold and winners are listed first .	I
Highlighted in bold and winners are listed first .	I
It was first described in 1964 , but was not developed for clinical use .	O
Began to heavily invest in commercial real estate and he purchased three mills on the island of Negros .	I
The only one who was not dismissed , and wagnière was Voltaire 's most loyal secretary .	I
Received long-term confinements in 1966 by military tribunal and 55 members of the group were arrested in 1965 .	I
Was buried in the town , and he died two months later .	I
Is no longer available in this country , but it was marketed in the United States .	I
Her birth name was Tavus Khanum and she was from Georgian descent .	O
2016 Scottish men 's champion and he is a 2013 world junior .	I
A Dutch ship-owner operating from Copenhagen purchased her and the Royal Navy sold " Hussar " in 1783 .	I
The relevant pages are missing from the volume for 1789 , and " Lloyd 's Register " did not publish in 1788 .	I
Was assigned to manage Berlitz operations in Baltimore , Maryland and in 1981 , she was recruited as a Berlitz management trainee .	I
He most likely passed away sometime between 1523-1524 , but he may have traveled to Luther 's Wittenberg .	I
The founder of HOPE MCF Mohamed Cheaib Foundation for philanthropic activities , and she is the founder of Clingroup Holding International for pharmaceutical research .	I
Was followed by Henry Robert Pigott in 1948 and old boy George Carson-Cooling was appointed Headmaster in 1940 .	I
The ground floor has been partitioned for administrative offices , and the first floor now serves as a meeting area .	O
It is a free-standing octagonal Gothic building with stained glass windows , and is made of red brick in English bond with sandstone dressings .	O
They spent most of their later lives separated and however , he fled political persecution in the Congo .	I
Temple Emanuel Shabbat services and Jewish holiday services .	O
The descendants of Slonim 's rabbi returned to Slonim and retrieved the two buried Torahs in the 1990s .	O
The newly formed religious school enrolled approximately half the students and hired half the teachers of the old religious school .	O
Was replaced by Cristián Dajome and andrés Ibargüen withdrew due to injury .	I
The east arch has a single column , and the west arch has three attached columns .	I
( the type of the genus ) and " L. carthusianum " ( Tul .	O
Travels to Lomas de Zamora to investigate , and the protagonist is surprised by these events .	I
Her enormous work was published but not under her name .	O
Linneman grew up in Lima , Ohio and attended Lima Central Catholic High School .	O
Eventually started her own agency with Holsum Bread as her first client and sandy began her career as ad director for a major packaged foods company .	I
Key West & the Florida Keys ,	I
Historically , petroleum data has been managed and analyzed using many different proprietary systems .	O
He then puts it on as a vest under his coat and sings a reprise of " Mr. H.M. Woggle-Bug , T.E. "	O
There is no evidence that this was ever done , but witmark claimed to have published a complete piano score .	I
Gildersome Tunnel before and the line then passed through reaching .	I
Reworked the ingredients to make them taste more like family recipes and four years later , Renfro acquired the formulas of Gold Star Foods .	I
Most palm scale species do not secrete wax but some species have lateral , filamentous strands .	O
He collated some of the manuscripts ( e.g , and de Bruyne examined Latin manuscripts of the Vulgate .	I
In this particular case it is liquid texture , and text is no longer textile , it is texture . "	I
Hired Mansoor Shakoor , a native missionary , to teach her and when Mary Louisa Whately moved to Cairo she endeavoured to learn Arabic .	I
Discovered there were no schools available for young girls in this society and upon arriving she found a house in the lower class area of Cairo .	I
Was the third best in the Mercury 13 program and she scored higher than John Glenn did in his testing .	I
0.75 miles south of Illinois Route 149 and it is 3.25 miles due west of Murphysboro .	I
She was noticed by the Fininvest television network and signed a contract with it in 1984 .	O
She hosted a new Sunday show , " Questa domenica " and in the 2008 / 2009 season " Buona domenica " was cancelled .	I
This was Bennett 's third World Championship title and a fitting end to her representative career .	O
It follows the story of a young girl , named Ellie , and her adventures in Monster World with her monster companion , Chomp .	O
They have two daughters and live in Hampshire .	O
Not heavily built , yet it is strong .	I
Slowed down the development of the breed , and this led to horses reaching maturity later .	I
Play at their new ballpark , Werner Park in Papillion , Nebraska , but the Omaha Storm Chasers currently play in the Triple-A Pacific Coast League .	I
Was buried at St Paul 's Church , Kandy and sir John Douglas died in Ceylon on 23 August 1885 .	I
Was a shortlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize , and it debuted at # 21 on the Canadian Albums Chart .	I
Typical slewing drive applications include but are not limited to :	O
Technical High School and " Saunders Trades	I
Wanda Victoria Murzyn 's three children and dr. Czeisler was one of Tibor Czeisler .	I
These electrons are part of the high speed component of the solar wind and have sufficient velocity to escape from the electrostatic potential of the Sun .	O
Erisman had heard that Popular was starting a new line of magazines , and thought that they might be interested in adding a science fiction title .	O
In 1982 , a $ 500,000 interior renovation was undertaken , and the newly restored church was consecrated May 13 , 1984 .	O
Not an extension of SMTP and smtps is not a proprietary protocol .	I
British Invasion is an annual British automobile show and cultural celebration held in Stowe , Vermont .	O
Served till his death in 1754 and in 1740 he became Governor of Malmö .	I
Plenty of plants with flowering blooms and the vegetation was lush with grass lands .	I
It really does feel like the end of a chapter , and " Fringe " brings its first chapter to a close .	I
How they slay and kill ! "	O
Weir lost his national title and finished in third place .	O
You didn 't or you either got him .	I
Their father doesn 't want her to help her brother , but his sister Karen is more understanding of his readjustment problems .	I
Reportedly outperformed the average human diagnostician and the device has been field-tested in Thailand .	I
The second edition was published in 2005 and pearson Educational published the first edition in 2000 .	I
Is now President of what now known as Toronto City Opera , and for many years he was vice-President of the Toronto Opera Repertoire .	I
Designed the first Green Party logo to be used nationally , and he advocated for a unified corporate identity for the party .	I
Settled with Vivid Entertainment for $ 5 million and in late April 2007 , Kardashian dropped the suit .	I
He also led a safety advisory panel for Toyota and served as independent monitor for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles .	O
They held large fiefs , and retained great political influence .	O
By 1943 Agudath Israel represented approximately 5000 families and was led by Rabbi Dr Solomon Schonfeld .	O
Expected to be complete by 2016 and the project was awaiting final regulatory approval .	I
Hayward was reluctant to reprise his role and was not under contract to RKO .	O
It was nearly impossible to sell the studio on a three-hour picture , but by offering to slash the budget to $ 10 million they agreed .	O
We would never want anyone to feel uncomfortable and we are sorry if that happened . "	O
Scored a hit with an instrumental song titled " Mr , but the Bel-Airs were still in high school at the time .	I
Joe decides to travel the world to gain his revenge on Neo Zeed as well as try to save his bride before it 's too late .	O
The Upton Park area is in the London Borough of Newham , but it is not the name of any of its electoral wards .	O
Jesus is brought before Caiaphas and then brought before Pilate .	O
Godfrey would go to Europe later in his career and win the International Boxing Union World Heavyweight title .	O
Tells the stories of their descendants and rutherfurd invents four to six fictional families .	I
Ferentz had to deal with multiple injuries to the Hawkeyes ' running backs and the death of his father , John , during the 2004 season .	O
Was again plagued with several injuries but iowa got off to a great start .	I
Its total area was under 36 km ² , and the estimated population in 1910 was 2,950 people .	O
The match brought roughly 2000 spectators to the club house , and tickets ranged from a respectable $ 2 to $ 5 .	O
One of the highest-grossing films of 2007 and " Transformers " was a box office success .	I
Fly at subsonic speeds and tempo can also levitate herself .	I
Its limited release in theaters in New York City , Los Angeles , and other cities was discontinued after a few weeks following widespread negative reviews .	O
Likewise , fire is capable of defeating larger enemies , but can be blocked by enemies that use metal armor .	O
Children more than 75 were wounded and some 28 civilians were killed , including women ; .	I
Jackson fled west to join newly assembled State Guard troops near Boonville , and lyon delivered federal troops by steamboat to Jefferson City on June 12 .	I
He wields a wrench as a melee weapon and can use a large arsenal of weapons .	O
He activates the Leviathan 's self-destruct system before escaping , and nefarious reveals that the whole encounter is a trap .	I
Was waived by the team on October 27 , 2012 , but magloire re-signed with the team on September 18 , 2012 .	I
Were easily repulsed and the Federals approached cautiously .	I
Burned the U.S. post office and the Nationalists cut the telephone lines .	I
They say that this is how they express their love but in a playful manner , the two get into another argument .	I
In its opening weekend , the film grossed nett and is the 7th highest opening of the year .	O
The film earned a total of nett and is the 6th-highest-grossing film of 2003 .	O
The busway was extended to north of Glebe Road in September 1970 , and then to the new Center Span Bridge on April 5 , 1971 .	O
He speak nothing now but blackfellow talk . "	O
Ultimately decided not to run but luken reactivated his dormant law license .	I
To the south is the Timor Sea , and to the north is the Savu Sea .	I
Afterwards , he was accepted at Harvard Law School and he was awarded a law degree in 1968 .	O
Carried a gun as protection and heath would wear men 's clothing .	I
He worked in comparative planetology and the geochemistry of space .	O
Well as a Member of Parliament as he was a General in the Army .	I
The valley receives almost daily rain , even during the dry season , and is thus richly vegetated – though the valley walls are often dry .	O
Bianchini explored these rooms and published a description .	O
The player 's actions can also create jobs , but jobs will be randomly spawned around the city .	I
Huntington 's disease is a neurodegenerative disease and most common inherited cause of chorea .	O
The venue evolved into a jazz club , but by then the group had moved on .	O
By 2006 he had recovered and was playing concerts again .	O
Saved enough money for college tuition and he was the company 's top salesman .	I
He was increasingly unhappy in his position , but President Truman asked him to stay on .	O
Continued to take an interest in atomic affairs but strauss became a financial adviser to the Rockefeller brothers .	I
Strauss had long expected that his friend , Connally , would run for president.and hoped that he would seek the Democratic nomination in the next election .	O
Streeruwitz was considered highly competent and was decorated several times .	O
Where mentioned at all , he mainly serves to illustrate how weak and short-lived the governments of Austria 's First Republic tended to be .	O
The English language editor Clarence Ashford supported the Provisional Government of Hawaii , and expressed the view that the Queen had brought about her own downfall .	O
His second wife a Hawaiian and his first wife was an Italian Baroness princess .	I
Engaged in organized warfare and stone Age cultures developed music .	I
Are typically of figures in the landscape and in Senegal , designs are glued to board .	I
Linda Florence used chalk to stencil patterns onto the floor and often uses various materials like sugar to create installations .	O
In this case the bands appear as separate tracks on the record and are not intertwined as with parallel grooves ( see below ) .	O
The records required a special sapphire stylus and a vertically responsive reproducer for playback .	O
Further pursued by the BIA or that request was not acted on .	I
Is wider anteriorly and the aperture narrows posteriorly .	I
The only one made until many years later and it was the first 33 ⅓ rpm picture disc .	I
Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud 's physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind .	O
Reformed the judiciary the number of judges and during this tenure the state introduced a new penitentiary system , reducing .	I
The Iowa Constitution of 1846 prohibited banking in Iowa , and twice Hempstead vetoed any attempt to appeal this law .	O
Most prestigious of the professorships at the University of Cambridge and the Regius Professorship of Civil Law is one of the oldest .	I
Reverted to RAF Lyneham on 24th October and windsor Lad W3009 was repaired by 16th September .	I
Published three books on the subject , and he also gave attention to phrenology .	I
He took up general practice , and qualified as a district surveyor .	O
Soon became active in the National Republican Party and stuart was admitted to the Virginia bar in 1828 .	I
Jalisse in who both fourth and other good 1990s results were Mia Martini in 1992 1997 , finished .	I
Convergence is not automatic , but happens in many cases .	O
The manor went through a series of ownership changes , and the third Duke of Buckingham was executed in 1521 .	I
They are not as stretchable as natural rubber , but there are synthetic alternatives for medical device products .	I
However , the breeding system is somewhat variable and considerable genetic variation exists within wild populations .	O
They were strongly influenced by Anabaptist theology but their roots are in the Radical Pietism movement .	I
Acknowledges that he also " worships " Tom Brady , but he is a fan of the New York Giants .	I
The Pfennig-Magazin ceased publication in 1855 , and nevertheless , after 1847 circulation declined .	I
Lucy uses a Kryptonite bullet to slow her down but when Maxima makes her escape , Kara tries stopping her .	I
Challenged two-term Democratic State Senator John F. Russo and in 1981 , Gluck gave up her Assembly seat .	I
Believed to be sometime after 1763 , but his date of death is uncertain .	I
The average seek time is and the storage space is .	O
Burris left the band as a full-time member in 1995 but continues to perform with the band when called upon .	O
Filmed on location in dozens of countries around the world and in his time there he created hundreds of hours of TV .	I
Became the official historical interpretation taught at schools and this interpretation was supported by the New Order government .	I
This edition marked the first time " Life with Billy " and " Life After Billy " were published as one volume .	O
Dublin have the highest number of Leinster titles and have won 28 All Ireland football championships .	O
After 46 minutes they lead by 2-11 to 0-10 and looked on course to reach the All-Ireland final .	O
Were level after 45 minutes and mayo started the second half strong .	I
Dublin would regain the lead before half time and would go in leading 0-10 to 1-6 .	O
Dismissed the complaint and the district court agreed .	I
Had refused to take one but mercoid had been offered a sublicense .	I
In 1906 , the East Herts Archaeological Society visited the coffin and reported " about two thirds of a male skeleton " .	O
That day , the eye disappeared on satellite imagery and the storm deteriorated further to tropical cyclone status .	O
His wrote the songs " Y Cerddor " and " Songs of the Four Nations " .	O
The music is in time , and is marked " Vivace " .	O
This causes Isobe to ignore her and Koume realizes she likes him .	O
Sees the doll by her side and linda walks into where Janice was sleeping .	I
Later majored in psychology at the University of Glasgow , and wilson was educated at The Park School in Glasgow .	I
Members can also rate and review the books .	O
It is a two-story brick structure , with a hip roof , and a porte-cochere extending to the west , supported by Tuscan columns .	O
Lawyer who served two stints as the New Jersey Commissioner of Insurance and kenneth D. Merin ( born 1947 ) is an American Republican Party politician .	I
A proposed TTC fare increase was cancelled after Ford objected to it and " found " $ 16 million to cover their operating shortfall .	O
Yelled at him and ford confronted the reporter .	I
It is a pleasure to accelerate out of tiny hairpin corners and feel the mighty twin 's power resulting in forward propulsion .	O
Drew away to win by two lengths and thrown In outjumped Grakle at the final fence .	I
Other close towns are Calama and San Pedro de Atacama .	O
Was probably separated from neighbouring Laquito by erosion and of these deposits , Laco Norte is the largest .	I
I have to be silent for now but it is a very important issue for the country " .	I
A Grade II listed building and it is a Gothic Revival church .	I
He reorganized his forces as auxiliaries for the army and supported Hadi in the later Yemeni Civil War .	O
There was much community interest in the construction and the Basques could hardly restrain their excitement .	O
Trees my attain a height of 25 metres , and these thickets thin out over the following decades .	I
Reality show contestant television actress and sonam Bisht is an Indian beauty pageant turned .	I
Bayern returned to Munich on 4 August , and began final preparations for the new season .	O
Begins to live in Flaxhill again and snow decides to stay with the Whitmans .	I
It was used in the opening ceremony for the Thai-Burma railway and was the first train to officially run on the railway .	O
Not long after , he surrendered to the French and encouraged his former comrades to do the same .	O
Shehla Rashid Shora is a Ph.D. student at the Jawaharlal Nehru University and was vice-president of the students union ( JNUSU ) in 2015-16 .	O
Calvache was born in Cali , Colombia , and studied piano from the age of 6 .	O
Is the current Defense Minister of Mongolia since October 2017 and he was the Foreign Minister of Mongolia from 2006 to 2007. .	I
He was born in Farmington , Utah on March 12 , 1921 , and joined the US Army Air Corps as an enlisted man in 1940 .	O
Remains open for public transport , but this road is heavily guarded .	I
Penelope still wants to go ahead as an antiques smuggler and steal the rare book that Melville told her about .	O
Diamond Dog confirms that it is real , and a hit man tosses Bloom a phone .	I
Across the Hernando-Citrus County Line , US 19 continues its rural surroundings , but this time has a limited number of left-turn lanes in the center-median .	O
North of there the area has more pine trees , but both trails can still be seen on each side .	O
Returns to ground level at the Pine Lake RV Park and this track runs parallel to a former segment of the road .	I
Remains concurrent with US 441 along the eastern edge of the lake and just north of Pahokee in Canal Point , SR 700 rejoins US 98-441 .	I
The band began with about 20 students , but since then has grown to over 100 .	O
Juveniles have thinner shells and are often brown .	O
Emma is interested in taking photos of House , and the staff is interested in House 's photo .	O
Orthodox Christianity — considered nihilistic by Nietzsche — named evil and separated it from good without thoroughly examining its nature .	O
The sinking of new foundations down to rock and the reconstruction involved the demolition of the affected piers .	I
The adult insect is an excellent flier and is able to travel great distances .	O
The estate is in private ownership and not available for public tour .	O
The main entrance tower is believed to date from the 1400s , but it is not known when the original castle structure was constructed .	I
Is a category A listed building , and the Castle remains a private residence .	I
He hasn 't won the war , but he may have won the battle .	I
The New Zealand Constitution Act was passed in 1852 , and the first parliamentary elections were held the following year .	O
Has various hierarchical levels , and stoic morality is complex .	I
Chair of the Conseil du trésor , and Minister responsible for the Côte-Nord region .	O
100 ft ( 29.6 metres ) to top of the ogee cap and the nine-storeyed mill is 80 ft ( 24.4 metres ) to the curb .	I
It is supplied with power from the national grid , but is not currently connected to national land phone services .	O
A lamp should there be no lit rings or similarly , an inaccurate attempt will darken a ring .	I
" Dungeon " magazines from 1987 to 1995 " and she was an assistant editor on " Dragon .	I
They quickly renewed their search for explorers and the club 's curiosity had been further stimulated .	I
He tries to call Ferguson to warn him , but she has already killed him with an arrow .	O
Was armed with a machine-gun and the observer sat at the nose .	I
She then meets with Rohit ( Kamal Sadanah ) and slowly both fall in love with each other .	O
Crews were trained to fire two rounds per minute , and these guns had a maximum range of 7.5 miles .	I
Australia defeated Mexico in the Americas Zone final , and Sweden defeated Denmark in the Europe Zone final .	O
Later in London where they are by William Shakespeare and two young runaways become boy actors , at first on the road , befriended .	I
It is 12.1 m in height and topped by a dome-shaped structure .	O
Lithgow has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame .	O
Graduated with an A.B , and lithgow attended Harvard College .	I
Sections from the Book of Revelation in certain of the performance , and he narrated some letters written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , some poems parts .	I
Was released in December 2007 without making a single first-team appearance but in March 2005 , he signed a professional contract with the club .	I
He was 16 years and 20 days old .	O
Instead , Tim Schafer turned back to the Amnesia Fortnight products and sought to develop those as smaller games among several publishers .	O
These drawbacks make compact cities less sustainable and justify the need for design improvements .	O
By 2015 , the number of car dealerships DriveTime owned surpassed 130 and by 2018 , the company reached 145 dealerships across the nation .	O
Their children raise the money to regain them , but two Irish families are evicted from their properties .	I
Diplomatic relations were established same day and denmark recognized Montenegro on 15 June 2006 .	I
After the dot-com bust , Candace decided to focus on pastry making and opened a custom cake business from her home in San Francisco .	O
His mother British and his father was German .	I
Captured a pole at Lime Rock Park in the wet , and additionally , he scored three podiums , three fastest laps .	I
Was revived during the Renaissance and this tradition goes back to Pliny .	I
The hand-written manuscript of de Bie is still extant and is kept at the Royal Library of Belgium .	O
" It 's been great to be involved down there week after week and that 's what I need at this stage of my career . "	O
These were examined in the early 2000s and dated to be 4,000 years old .	O
Today it is a small town and centre of the City Pambvotis .	O
So I hit him with the idea and he was hot to do that .	O
The largest freestanding ambulatory care center in New York State , and it is one of the largest institutions in Lower Manhattan .	I
The hospital closed about a decade later , and in 1959 , Gouverneur lost its accreditation .	I
During 1999 , 250 of the students were Hmong , and the boys ' volleyball team was 95 % Hmong .	O
Now draws over 1,500 people and ray at Night started in 2001 .	I
The response from Emory University was ' defensive ' and the community further followed up on this issue .	O
The new light was lit on March 1 , 1829 , and it was later continued by a new contractor called Melchioni .	I
It ’ s unlike any other tune I ’ ve ever done and definitely not like any of the songs on 11 : 59 .	O
The building was designated a New York City Landmark in 1979 , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .	O
White patients resided on the east side of the campus , and African-American patients resided on the west side of the campus .	O
The troops of Louis VII followed the coast and then took the road to the east .	O
Groove musical band active in the 1990 and mad in Paris is a French hip hop .	I
Based in Scottsdale , Arizona , United States and picdial is a mobile service created by IQzone Inc. .	I
Pérez told Selena it was " too late " and did not want her to go out alone .	O
According to Dr. Martinez , Selena had tried to contact him that morning but he could not speak on the telephone because he was performing surgery .	O
Reminded her of the scheduled recording and pérez called Selena on her cellular telephone .	I
This building was constructed during the Porfirio Díaz period and belongs to the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México .	O
This engine is being used for eighth generation consoles and has been discussed as " amazingly intuitive " .	O
Was converted to rental apartments in 1993 , and it ceased being a school in 1975 .	I
The open representatives are elected by delegates and can be contested by any delegate .	O
They are elected to tackle sexism and help the campaign in general .	O
The architect was George Ott and the contractor Stipecke Brothers .	O
Any registered WikiPathways user can contribute , and anybody can become a registered user .	O
Was sent to Castleton Farm for use as a breeding stallion and delhi was retired from racing as a five-year old in June 1906 .	I
Twenty more were , and seventeen trailer-park residents died injured .	I
Would sometimes accompany his guests to a short run and rinzin worked for Amankora resort as a guide in Paro .	I
The motorboat USS " California " was completed in 1910 and served in World War I on harbor patrol duty .	O
His body was returned and buried at Pavlovki .	O
Ended on December 12 , 2010 and it began on August 8 , 2010 .	I
Ended on May 15 and it began on January 16 .	I
Medina was the Inaugural WBC FECOMBOX and current NABF Light Middleweight Champion .	O
Is situated in the Río Muni region of Equatorial Guinea , and monte Temelon Natural Reserve ( ) spans 230.00 km ² .	I
Therefore arthropods and spiders are chelicerates .	I
Web-building spiders have poor vision , but are extremely sensitive to vibrations .	O
Net-casting spiders weave only small webs , but then manipulate them to trap prey .	O
The conviction was quashed and a retrial ordered .	O
Member of the Romanian Chamber of Deputies from to and nati Meir ( born 23 May 1955 ) is a Jewish-Romanian politician 2004 2008 .	I
Ankerberg stated that the meeting " heals the breach " , but " failed to mollify the concerns of many evangelicals . "	O
He is a graduate in history from the University of Navarra , and holds a doctorate in Canon law from the Angelicum in Rome .	O
On 19 April 1917 , her cargo of mines exploded and destroyed the ship , though there were no casualties .	O
She arrived in Tsingtau in the Kiautschou Bay concession and joined the ships of the East Asia Squadron .	O
A prominent fourth trochanter is present , but the remaining shaft is very compressed .	O
His Browns club went 11 – 28 under his guidance , and the Spiders were even worse , going 12 – 104 .	O
Made him door-keeper of the church and the Bishop received Theodulos among his clergy .	I
The bishop then ordained them both priests and allowed them to return to Sinai .	O
The keeper of the Dimensionator and kaden is the father of Ratchet .	I
It is hidden in the temple of Zahn and has Ratchet go in to find it .	O
His right thigh was broken and he suffered other injuries .	O
Had an operation the day after and he was sent into the emergency room .	I
The transmitter is in Cold Spring , Kentucky , and the studios are on Montgomery Road in Cincinnati .	I
With Jaki Byard and the Apollo Stompers	O
Her husband had been missing since the divorce , but caroline had previously been married to Archibald Alexander .	I
Macronaria is nested within Neosauropoda and is sister to Diplodocoidea .	O
Gavilán then joined Independiente on loan , and is currently with Portuguesa until November .	O
Moved to Madrid at the age of five , and marías was born in the city of Valladolid .	I
Fails to learn anything about her except her place of work , but during the party , Jerry tries to flirt with another woman .	I
He then returned to Italy , and there was no Saxon revolt .	O
Stated that " an apology isn 't enough " but the BMA welcomed the government 's acknowledgement of the problem .	I
Construction of the main hospital building began in 1966 and the topping out ceremony was conducted by G.R .	O
Vegetable Market , constructed in the inter-war period and the oldest part of the building was the Fish .	I
Western scrub-jays appear to fail , but new Caledonian crows perform similarly .	I
In the special case and , the formula yields	O
Koening filed for a patent in April 1911 and was granted patent US1062716 in May 1913 .	O
Fun is a key element , and the festival holds many parties .	O
" The Act of Killing " went on to win a Bafta and was named best film of 2013 by " The Guardian " .	O
Regrettably , the Memorial was destroyed in a 1936 storm , but residents still associate Conway 's name with the Formal Gardens .	O
Kim takes the missing keys out of her pocket and returns them after Michael promises to call her .	O
" Blood , Sweat & amp ; No Tears	O
Well as engages with issues that affect contemporary culture , as dallas Contemporary actively supports the development of critical perspectives .	I
Two more were added in 1969 – 70 , but the museum initially had only one exhibition hall .	I
Rodger was replaced by Alan Buckley , and grimsby struggled in the new season .	I
The server encodes the preferences in a cookie and sends the cookie back to the browser .	O
Therefore , the attacker will not be able to gather these cookies , and these cookies will not be accessible by client-side scripting languages like JavaScript .	I
Pearl Jam was committed to keeping their concert ticket prices down but Fred Rosen of Ticketmaster refused to waive the service charge .	O
Roskilde changed the shape of us as people , and our filter for seeing the world changed . "	O
Wheatley was recorded in Barstable hundred in Domesday , but later records put it in the Rochford hundred .	O
Two monsters appeared in Jukkou B-Fighter episodes 52 and 53 , Some were absorbed by Jagul .	O
Cartoon Saloon , founded in 1999 by Paul Young and Tomm Moore , is among the most prolific .	O
Are given a " Focus " , a task to complete and these servants , called l 'Cie , are branded with a symbol .	I
That Ignis was blinded during the battle , and noctis wakes to find Altissia in chaos .	I
I did my best to save it , but you can 't polish a turd . "	O
The current observed releases originate from deeper below the sea floor and hydrates can be stable through the top 60 meters of the sediments .	I
His longest run was for 58 yards , and he caught one pass for 6 yards .	O
A 20th-anniversary edition was published in 2005 , and it was originally published in May 1985 .	I
The explosions killed 41 people and injured more than 150 .	O
Despite this , Norris spoke very highly of Hart and said that he had loved working with him .	O
It was hosted by talk show host Maury Povich and his wife , television news anchor Connie Chung .	O
Elizabeth retaliated against Philip by supporting the Dutch revolt against Spain , as well as funding privateers to raid Spanish ships across the Atlantic .	O
Is now played worldwide and korfball started in the Netherlands .	I
The shooting line is typically the top of the key , but can be moved to the foul line for younger players .	O
If he misses , he rebounds the ball and continues shooting until he makes a goal .	O
Passes it to the next player in line and if so , the first player recovers the ball .	I
The game was also moved fully onto eighth generation consoles and developed using the company 's new Luminous Studio engine .	O
Sold him to the merchants for 20 pieces of silver and when the passing Midianites arrived , the brothers dragged Joseph up .	I
He retired from the music industry in the early 1980s and trained as a nurse working at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary .	O
Currently reside in Winnipeg , and they have two sons .	I
Was written by John Ridley with art from Georges Jeanty and the series debuted with an eight-issue limited series published by WildStorm .	I
Greens Gunyah was so named because a Mr Green was the earliest settler and had a grog shop on the Urana - Wagga Wagga stagecoach route .	O
In 1932 , he was named Commander Second Class in the Order , and in 1925 , he was awarded the Order 's Cross of Honor .	I
Traut rejoined Microsoft in May 2014 and is now a Technical Fellow .	O
The point of the hook is above its shank , and when suspended , Mormyshka keeps an almost horizontal position .	I
Were all completed in 2003 and the three towers have 33 floors .	I
Opposite Supalai Park Towers is the Elephant Building , and next to the towers lies Index Living Mall .	O
Was a photographer and he also wrote poetry .	I
Students audition for acceptance and choose a major .	O
1.2 million before 2003 and chaldea Christians were between 800,000 .	I
Point out that they are of pre-Arab origin , and many Lebanese Maronite Christians reject this , however .	I
The majority of self-identifying Arab Americans are Eastern Rite Catholic or Orthodox Christian , according to the Arab American Institute .	O
Died in Los Angeles , California and he was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .	I
Just the outer face of the west wall and the two neighbouring towers could be preserved .	O
It was originally held at Mülheim , and the event was established in 1959 .	I
It was initially contested over 1,400 metres , and was extended to 1,600 metres in 1973 .	O
Especially for distinguishing it from " Commelina diffusa , and the inflorescences are important for making a proper identification " .	I
He began the 2012 season with Milwaukee , but was outrighted to Nashville on July 11 .	O
Again elected free agency after the season 's close , and he spent the rest of the season with Nashville .	I
Adopted its first constitution the following year , and in 1851 , the congregation legally incorporated .	I
, as of 2004 , it was not officially abolished , but duty was abandoned in 2002 because of the devastating wildfire .	I
He worked as miscellaneous crew in three films , produced two films and directed one film , " Thoughtless Women " ( 1920 ) .	O
Gives them permission , but angela is afraid .	I
The French prepare themselves and attack the Germans .	O
Second Gentlemen v Players matches in 1806 and bligh played for the Gentlemen in the inaugural .	I
Lost in the semifinals this year , but thomas Muster was the defending champion .	I
Afinia Gemina Baebiana never was afforded the title and there are no coins of her either .	O
Robinson played for the Players in the inaugural and second Gentlemen v Players matches in 1806 .	O
When Monel died the property passed to the Bradford family and was then purchased by the Wechsler family in 1939 .	O
This paradox has been explained by cell cycle-regulated EEF1A1 mRNA expression and stress-induced increase in eEF1A protein levels in breast cancer cells .	O
At Dublin in 1832 , and at Oxford in 1831 .	I
Died without issue on 29 March 1870 at Cheltenham , and he married in 1846 a daughter of William Tooke .	I
Was told of the discovery of the icosian calculus , and he afterwards stimulated Hamilton to the study of polyhedra .	I
" Cardiomanes reniforme " is also in to the frond shape " and the " reniforme " epithet of the two synonyms " Trichomanes reniforme reference .	I
Many buildings were destroyed and many residents died .	O
A new Roman Catholic church was built in the city in 1954 , and in 1960 a natural hot springs was opened as a public attraction .	O
Not available to the public and fishing on the loch is restricted .	I
It was recorded by Sousa 's Grand Concert Band around 1899 and has been frequently recorded ever since ( see Recordings ) .	O
Was a guest scientist in Julich , and he had lectured at many universities ,	I
It was founded in 1994 and is based in Nanjing .	O
Its economy was based on the cultivation of grain , vegetables and fruit , watered with the natural springs of the village .	O
The Old mosque was originally a church , and was already out of use by 1932 .	O
The land was transferred to Canada Lands Company and is being redeveloped as a residential community .	O
Maximova had exceptional physique and moved very beautifully .	O
Another method of disengagement is through disregard or misrepresentation of the consequences of action .	O
Netball club in the Brisbane suburb of Taigum and the Sandgate Hawks Sporting Club is an Australian rules football located .	I
It is part of the parish of East Allington , and lies about one mile away from the main village .	O
Related investigations started in February 2011 and were later expanded to JJW .	O
He drew his weapon and confronted the suspects .	O
He was a county councillor and warden of the country .	O
With only small attendance by hunters from the countryside , but a number of breed shows were held in Bishkek .	I
She was shipped over and launched at Revelstoke .	O
Refitted from steam to a Vivian Diesel in 1948 and the Columbia was bought by the Waldie lumber Co.	I
Obtained promotion to the Argentine Primera and in 2002-2003 the club won the league .	I
Marine aircraft are typically shore-based and use a two-digit modex .	O
He covered mainly agriculture , but occasionally also police affairs .	O
Devoted the entire 90 minutes to a complete presentation of the recital and for that presentation only , the program departed from its usual newsmagazine format .	I
Are extremely hot , with temperatures reaching and summers last from early April to late June .	I
Phil chases after them in his own car , and steve ends up in his car with Louise .	I
I said no so I could feel what it was really like , but outhwaite commented , " They offered to untie my wrists between scenes .	I
Zhang Jun submitted another memorial similar to the previous one , but the memorial never made it to Emperor Ling 's desk .	O
He is the third game boss and one of Brainiac 's allies .	O
He played on the album " The Triumph of Steel " and shankle was the guitarist for the band Manowar from 1989 to 1995 .	I
Grant attempts a reconciliation with Tiffany , but she decides she wants a divorce .	O
Having her daughter Courtney , she knows she will never be alone and does not need to follow meekly in Grant 's shadow . "	O
He then took up residence in London , and there married his second wife Elizabeth Fisher .	O
The system paralleled the north coast of Dominican Republic and then crossed the Bahamas , striking several islands .	O
However , the storm instead curved north-northwestward and struck Grand Bahama on August 13 .	O
Several bodies washed ashore and were immediately buried .	O
Media coverage ignored the beatings on Christmas Day and focused on the brawl the night before .	O
Retired to his mansion and he thus claimed an illness .	I
Yang eventually died at his home without returning to chancellorship , and liu Yan subsequently never against summoned Yang for any audiences .	I
In 1974 , the mine closed , and however , forestry gradually died out .	I
Ohio State University and Purdue University .	O
They felt something was wrong with the recording but couldn 't put their finger on it .	O
The Later Liang military governors all submitted to him , and in effect , he had merged the two states .	O
Chorin treats of Maimonides ' thirteen articles of faith , and gives evidence of knowledge rare among his Hungarian contemporaries .	O
" Bulldogs " are usually frowned upon by other players and considered a cheap way of getting other players out .	O
It is unclear if use during pregnancy or breastfeeding is safe for the baby .	O
Also , it speeds healing of nerve damage ( and minimizes the extent of recent nerve trauma ) .	O
Its deepest point is 174.4 meters below sea level , and lake Tazawa has a surface elevation of 249 meters .	I
She scaled a number of moderate-sized mountains in Europe and in the United States , including Mount Shasta .	O
Although the novel is fictional , many people took it as fact and some historians even cited it when writing biographical materials on Murrieta .	O
Went on to win nine WNBL titles during the next 12 years and in 1983 , Nunawading Spectres led by Robyn Maher easily defeated St. Kilda .	I
Calegory 's lead performance however was named a highlight by several critics , and the filmmakers have garnered praise for their use of a disabled protagonist .	O
Schleiermacher restored it , but ernesti opposed it .	I
Kings an offshoot of Bag People and he is also a founding member Of Cabbages , .	I
However the Warriors fought all the way , and with just minutes remaining only trailed 14-15 .	O
They landed in the southeast of the country and took the southeastern quarter from the Érainn .	O
Was produced by Paramore 's touring key player , John and the record was made on the road while touring with Paramore .	I
This exclusively myopathic form is the most prevalent and least severe phenotypic presentation of this disorder .	O
Reventlow had looked at buying a Lister Jaguar , but thought that he could build a better car .	O
He supported President Barack Obama 's candidacy and spoke at campaign rallies for Obama .	O
Occur primarily by way of linguistic interaction and both involve the symbolic resources of the lifeworld .	I
Anthropology provides evidence of significant difference , and that they do cannot be assumed .	I
Were on tour in Europe , and in 2009 the band reunited .	I
During oviposition , females must locate a potential host plant and evaluate its suitability as the host plant for oviposition .	O
Two after eggs are laid or the larvae emerge around a week .	I
The Congress has asked for bread and it has got stone . "	O
Average temperatures in January range from , and average temperatures in April range from .	O
The Soviet-Russian anthropologists and scientists N.Ya .	O
The Caucasian war for independence continued and the government went into exile .	O
Later was a professor of natural history at Swarthmore College , and leidy was professor of anatomy at the University of Pennsylvania .	I
Harvesting is a complex and sometimes team-oriented procedure .	O
Replaced by a more natural character and many old fair buildings have been demolished .	I
Approximately 6.2 million were covered by a group plan and of them , 1.8 million were covered by individual policies .	I
Infects Wells and a zombie bites .	I
Has been used by the U.S. Government in various applications and it was developed for the U.S. government 's Clipper chip project .	I
It turns brown over time , and the new pupa is whitish .	I
The amphitheater is small and a complete ruin .	O
She returned to the United States every season and also performed several times in South America .	O
Is plated with pure gold and the cathedral 's main dome rises .	I
The west tower is 20 storeys ( and the east tower is 27 storeys ( ) tall ) .	I
The Brethren of Aurelius shall meet him and usher him to his immortal destiny .	O
Later that year , the battalion joined the 201st Guards Brigade and in May the Germans launched another offensive against the Allies .	O
The burning of Washington shocked the nation and was denounced by most European governments .	O
The Board recommended Baltimore , Norfolk and Charleston navy yards be closed .	O
Groves gave approval , but he had concerns .	O
They tried to use water out of the ranch wells , but found the water so alkaline they could not drink it .	O
An explosion of more than would vaporize the steel and make it hard to measure the thermal effects .	O
Reported that they were consistent with a perfect explosion , and bethe worked through the night to assess the results .	I
At the tower , a temporary eyebolt was screwed into the capsule , and a chain hoist was used to lower the capsule into the gadget .	O
In a few minutes the capsule had slipped completely into the tamper and by leaving the capsule in contact with the tamper , the temperatures equalized .	I
Altitude can help specify the location of a system , but that does not describe the state of the system .	O
The San Patricios captured by the U.S. Army were treated and punished as traitors for desertion in time of war .	O
Munemori saved two of his men at the cost of his own life and did much to clear the path for his company 's victorious advance .	O
Tilden 's health troubles prevented him from regularly attending school , and he dropped out of Yale University after a single term .	O
The sanctuary floors were paved with diamond-shaped tiles , and brick-lined niches displayed the statues of various saints .	O
It was by all accounts the most magnificent in all of California and a three-day feast was held in celebration of this monumental achievement .	O
Mut made certain changes in order to accommodate his own needs , but little was accomplished to prevent further deterioration of the Mission buildings .	O
Their efforts laid the groundwork for future excavation and reconstruction of the west wing industrial complex .	O
His father was one of the neophytes involved in the Quintana killing , and Asisara repeated the story his father had told him about those events .	O
Is named for Mary , Our Lady of Solitude , and it was the thirteenth of California 's Spanish missions .	I
Blamed the press for not investigating whether developers ' claims were true and " Network World " magazine called vaporware an " epidemic " in 1989 .	I
The game was revived and released in 2011 .	O
After the case ended it resumed the practice , but ibm avoided preannouncing products during the antitrust case .	I
The practice was not called " vaporware " at the time , but publications have since used the word to refer specifically to it .	O
The main carrier fighter was the fast and highly maneuverable A6M " Zero " .	O
Demanded that the scout plane ascertain the composition of the American force and nagumo quickly reversed his order to re-arm the bombers with general purpose bombs .	I
Made tentative plans for continuing the action and as darkness fell , both sides took stock .	I
Python or in Perl 2	I
No damage to the beach defenses or as a result , there was little .	I
Got the hell shot out of them , and they shot the hell out of the Germans . "	I
Engraving is one of the oldest and most important techniques in printmaking .	O
Some recommend trientine as first-line treatment , but experience with penicillamine is more extensive .	O
Blood tests looking for specific antibodies and diagnosis is by biopsy of moisture-producing glands .	I
Is generally considered safer than methotrexate and hydroxychloroquine ( Plaquenil ) is another option .	I
Returned to Russia by the Red Cross and his body was found in the following year .	I
Sent to liaise with the French and he was replaced in the Northwest Command .	I
A total of 12 Sponsors , comprising 8 Official Partners and 4 Official Sponsors sponsored the 2009 Southeast Asian Games .	O
After Brian 's murder in February 1989 , Nicky began misbehaving but Martin Platt ( Sean Wilson ) proved a calming influence .	O
That wound would not heal and it eventually killed him .	O
It was officially opened by President Zail Singh and athlete 's oath was taken by P.T .	O
Due to financial reasons it remained within the confines of Guangdong province and was planned to travel across 21 major cities of the province .	O
Finished in July 2014 and construction began in June 2011 .	I
Beat China to recapture the gold medal and he scored 116 points to lead the Philippines .	I
Operates a second TV station , XHSAW-TDT and in the Monterrey area , Multimedios also owns .	I
Left her on the side of the road and when Martha misbehaved , her mother stopped the car .	I
Martha never misbehaved again and she quickly came back however .	I
The 2004 independent film Napoleon Dynamite was set in and filmed on location in Preston in Cache Valley .	O
A member of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa from 1964-1999 and polataivao Fosi Schmidt ( 1933 – 2005 ) was Samoan politician .	I
Taro ( similar to a potato ) to him his power , and schmidt said he trained on a diet of coconuts , coconut milk give .	I
Indiana had a bison as its mascot in the late 1960s and introduced a mascot named " Hoosier Pride " in 1979 .	O
This list is not exhaustive and includes only notable persons .	O
General Hugh S. Johnson was named the agency 's administrator , and the NIRA established the National Recovery Administration ( NRA ) .	I
Thus no means of determining which organizations truly represented workers , and worse , the agreement provided no authority for holding elections .	I
He is renowned for his performances of the works of Olivier Messiaen and has recorded the complete organ works of Messiaen for Deutsche Grammophon .	O
In 1991 , the Seymour Street Theatre was closed for demolition and is now the site of the Vancouver International Film Centre .	O
On the 17th , she entered the Mediterranean proper and began her actual duty with the 6th Fleet .	O
Arctic Cat is an American manufacturer of snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles headquartered in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	O
Became an important supplier of gunpowder to the Government , and it was worked by a number of private companies .	I
It met with critical disappointment and did not sell well .	O
The Cook County State Attorney office saw the tape and launched a new investigation into the Porter case .	O
The most of the buildings are sea facing and the location has lot of natural character .	O
Uses his hair as a blade and he throws musical notes at his opponent .	I
Five quarterback rushes , which earned him All-Big 12 first-team honors , and he amassed 51 tackles , five interceptions , six deflected passes .	I
Studies hard and maria believes him .	I
Overhears her confronting Ricardo about his affairs and maria is awakened by her mother 's crying .	I
The Special Jury Prize for acting in the 2002 Sundance Film Festival , and it gained fame after winning the Audience Award for best dramatic film .	I
Coronado left behind in New Mexico several Catholic priests and their helpers , including Friar Juan de Padilla .	O
That he , Jusepe , had deserted the expedition and he related that Leyba had killed Umana in a quarrel .	I
Sherie Rene Scott with by Bartlett Sher , and the musical starred Patti LuPone , Brian Stokes Mitchell , direction .	I
He completely accepts America on its own terms and is perfectly at home with it . "	O
Emma Pierson played Selina Street , and Jerry Hall played Caduta Massi .	O
Still place limits on their actions but authoritative parents encourage children to be independent .	I
The law of superiors or is this the superiority of law ? "	I
The U.K. to support sanctions against Iran and this comes after growing pressure from the U.S.A. .	I
Provides a showcase for any of the performers from the Fringe , and by 2008 , it was taking place every Saturday of May .	I
Is not of much use in adopting any particular route , but that may have advantages in escaping some forms of attack .	I
Turner by and he was a fitter trade .	I
This annotation of predicted protein function is often incomplete , uses non-standard nomenclature or can be incorrect when cross referenced from previous sometimes incorrectly annotated sequences .	O
Held various other executive positions and in 1975 , Albaugh joined Boeing .	I
Has been fully operated by the city since 1978 , and it has operated as a bus system since 1930 .	I
Were unable to cope with a team of escorts , but u-boats launched G7es torpedoes with passive homing against destroyers .	I
Since 2015 the school has been managed by Meath VEC under Franciscan trusteeship and is now largely a day school although there are still 70 boarders .	O
The loco is numbered # 40387 and is named " Pratap " .	O
The company 's academy was renamed the Ben Stevenson Academy and in 2003 , he was named Director Emeritus of Houston Ballet .	I
In 1967 Jackson took eleven for 69 against Warwickshire at Edgbaston but was dropped from the Derbyshire eleven late in the season .	O
He did not seek re-election in 1916 and returned to the practice of law .	O
Also fell short in securing the final postseason berth by three points , but in 2006 , Miro Marjanovic was brought in to coach the Wolves .	I
In hidden rooms to their destruction by the Taliban or habibullah Ali of Afghan Film hid thousands of films , buried underground , prevent .	I
Won awards at prestigious film festivals or these films have had either theatrical distribution .	I
Thankfully , in 1990 , they were able to secure the home and undertook a costly renovation to restore the property to livable condition .	O
Steve was Chief of Internal Medicine and extremely dedicated to his work .	O
Meanwhile , Lulu Spencer accidentally kills Logan Hayes in self-defense , and her boyfriend Johnny Zacchara promptly takes the blame for her .	O
Lucky forces an intervention , but Luke is not swayed .	O
Takes a bullet for Maxie and spinelli comes through the air vent .	I
Obrecht kidnaps Ben when she realizes the truth is out , and tries to help Britt get out of town with Ben .	O
Secured a home venue at Dufferin District Field and the team received territorial rights to Thornhill , Vaughan .	I
Any district above the median point is exceeding expectations , and a district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations . "	I
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Has been one of the most successful teams in that competition and it was a foundation member of the Newcastle Rugby League in 1909 .	I
On 26 October Andrew Lloyd Webber 's " Sunset Boulevard " premiered , and the Regent Theatre reopened with a gala event on 17 August 1996 .	I
By this anecdote , Shah shows that humility is great thing and is meant to rise in the favour of the creator .	O
The Visitors recorded a demo tape that winter and were joined by new guitarist Will Boyd .	O
The City of Rochester Symphony Orchestra ( CRSO ) was formed in 1969 and is one of the main amateur orchestras in north Kent , England .	O
The CRSO was formed to nurture excellence through music in the community , and places the local community at the heart of all that it does .	O
Tom 's first television travel show and " Viva Vietnam " was a docu-comedy .	I
From 1971 he worked at the Technical University of Munich , and was an emeritus from 1999 until his death in 2005 .	O
During this time he studied with Gershkovitch and participated in the Portland Junior Symphony .	O
In Langridge the Church of St Mary Magdalene dates from the 12th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building .	O
Montbéliarde cattle are mainly a dairy breed , but have better beef characteristics than Holstein cattle .	O
It is known as " The Bible of Armanism " and has been translated into English by Karl Hans Welz .	O
The regent fell back with all speed , but he never shook off the Mughal pursuit .	O
The enemy was overpowered , and some positions were captured .	O
Salmon presided over the design of the franchising regime , but he resigned before the franchising programme began in earnest .	O
Also raised her profile across East Asia and her acting career took off with this film .	I
Are separated every 0.3mm and the projections are 0.3mm across .	I
As a result , the low-line model was eventually discontinued , and the minimal price tag differential resulted in low consumer demand .	I
The vehicles involved in these events were inspected and no evidence of equipment failure was found .	O
He did so with 6th place after qualifying 4th , but it took Trulli until round 9 to score points .	I
" Smash Hits " featured songwords of latest hits and interviews with all the big names in music .	O
Oliver died on August 17 , 1927 and MacLean become Premier on August 20 .	O
Nevertheless , the bias did wear off eventually , and ships had to be degaussed on a schedule .	O
They are about pious gifts to the gods and the erection of statues dedicated to himself .	O
Zayn al-Abidin had survived the Battle of Karbala and led a secluded life in deep sorrow .	O
He signed with the Seattle Mariners shortly afterwards , and made his debut as a catcher that season .	O
The sex ratio of the town was 999 and the child sex ratio stood at 980 .	O
These were called " unsyntonized " or " plain antenna " transmitters .	O
The local language is Spanish not , but the name in Valencian is " Sogorb " , Valencian .	I
Are more costly than non-fire rated cable and such cables have a certified fire resistance rating .	I
Airs a sports radio format and it is owned by Dickey Broadcasting .	I
Some computers use Microsoft software and ford tankers refuel planes in airports .	I
Cuba also amassed substantial debts owed to its Japanese , European , and Latin American trading partners during the years of abundant Soviet aid .	O
Also hired the men as guides throughout the lands of North America , and europeans traded with the Anishinaabe for their furs in exchange for goods .	I
Loon Clan was responsible for internal governance relationships , and crane Clan was responsible for external governmental relationships .	I
The clash only occurs in three-phase systems and household wiring does not usually use three-phase supplies .	I
Extra days should be planned " to compensate for being wind-bound , but an average paddler can cover the route in six to eight days . "	I
Her stories deal mostly with New England life and are among the best of their kind .	O
Won four seats to the Constituent Assembly and the party contested the 2008 Constituent Assembly elections .	I
Anna arranged a reunion , but nicholas had been furious .	I
The grassy path is often waterlogged in winter , but there is a boardwalk over a short section .	O
It was preceded by " The Rebel Angels " ( 1981 ) and " What 's Bred in the Bone " ( 1985 ) .	O
It garnered negative attention in other student media , and also led to calls for Hamer to resign .	O
The plain includes three lakes and is agriculturally very fertile .	O
Included Nampi 's work in the eleventh " Tirumurai " and the contemporary Chola king was impressed by the work of Nampi .	I
Were trained in ritual singing in " Tevaram " schools and the " Odhuvars " were from the " vellala " community .	I
In December 1989 , Taylor was sentenced to death and placed on death row at Utah State Prison .	O
After an autopsy , Taylor 's remains were cremated and shipped to his uncle Gordon Lee in Oregon .	O
Supported Reagan 's tax cuts , but he was considered a moderate .	I
Moved up the streams to the forest and in September , they split into small groups .	I
On-demand reporting is supported through a Web browser CGI program , and static reports can be created through a command line interface .	I
Arming 25 men to garrison abandoned Fort Lyttleton and at Shippensburg he helped calm fearful residents by recruiting .	I
Two days later , Congress established an Indian Department and appointed trader Richard Butler as its Pittsburgh agent .	O
Returning Pennsylvania officials accused him of collaborating with the enemy , but Croghan was acquitted in a November 12 , 1778 trial .	O
The substitution of boats suitable for open sea work for normal lifeboats , and preparation for service included the installation of scrambling nets along the sides .	I
Theodore D. " Ted " Pappas is executive editor and chief development officer of " Encyclopædia Britannica . "	O
Wasn 't allowed to publish and andrei Platonov worked as a caretaker .	I
The particulars of the house sold and unfortunately the house was shortly after dismantled .	I
The scores from the two routines were added together and the top 12 duets qualified for the final .	O
Located north of the border with Butte County and the peak is the highest point in Lemhi County .	I
Pink-tinged flowers with yellow centres or in spring they bear pale cream .	I
Highlighted with boldface and winners are listed first .	I
Has a low-pitched gable roof and it sits on a brick foundation .	I
In 2012 , Bonilla attempted to run for reelection , but was defeated in the PNP primaries by Angel Muñoz .	O
Mrs. Mubarak expressed great admiration for the film in the Egyptian press , and admitted that it showed " an Egypt I have never seen . "	O
Defeated him in straight sets in just over an hour , and he next played wildcard Thiemo de Bakker of the Netherlands .	I
Federer then fought to secure the second set , but ultimately failed after missing a break point opportunity .	O
Rep. Haggerty was declared a deserter according to his records and discharged early from his military obligations as a private .	O
She ended up dropping the charges but jennifer took a PFA out against him .	I
Went on to win the general election and farina defeated Haggerty in the 2014 Democratic primary .	I
Interstate 80 is to the northwest via PA 115 , and Brodheadsville on U.S. Route 209 is to the south .	O
A 24-hour armistice to which the Allied commander refused and von Crailsheim made a request for full honors of war .	I
Meg is comforted by Lee Baldwin , and brooke seduces Noel away from Meg .	I
Develop real feelings for each other , but they have a marriage of convenience .	I
It was the 7th Australian Sports Sedan Championship and the first to be awarded since 1981 .	O
He was indicted thirteen times for it and sentenced to a year in prison .	O
She was a guest host on NBC 's " Later " , and has also performed on Comedy Central 's " Premium Blend " .	O
She started her sentence in the complex 's maximum security Lumley Unit , but she has the possibility of being downgraded to the medium security level .	O
2 in the NCAA Division II poll , and they would remain there for three weeks .	O
Has two children , and ramírez is married .	I
Given an honor award from the Contact Lens Association of Ophthalmologists and he was elected as a member of the International Intraocular Implant Club .	I
The British took this position without a fight on 12 July and repulsed a German attempt to recapture it on 23 July .	O
The second litter was born in August , and another estrous occurred about one month later .	I
On September 2 , another hurricane struck Saint Kitts and Saint Croix , damaging ships on the former .	O
The highway was paved from Selden to Dresden by 1945 and from Dresden to US-36 west of Norton in 1948 .	O
Use visible light to capture stereoscopic 3-D imagery and the cameras have a 45 degree angle of view .	I
Held that position until the winter of 1904-5 and he rose to the position of superintendent in 1886 .	I
Had a grandson named Bali , and prahlada eventually became the king .	I
It has two levels and has one shrine .	O
Cueva de Los Mejillones ( caves ) and important spots are the Cueva de Los Pájaros .	I
182,021 people live in the urban area and 39,840 in the several satellite quarters .	O
The band decided to revive it but the song almost got thrown out initially .	I
Moved to Hong Kong in 1958 and ting was born in Shanghai in 1951 .	I
His father soon turns up at his house and they go for dinner ( spaghetti ) .	O
The eight-hour workday was granted , but Huntington kept from its implementation .	O
Reached the semi final before losing to eventual winners , Renton , and in addition , Dumbarton entered the Dumbartonshire Second XI Cup competition .	I
The present hall was built in 1653 and was extended in the following centuries .	O
Engage in close development and both nations are Arab League members cooperation .	I
Became one of the biggest grossers of the year , and it was released on 27 March to positive reviews .	I
The selfie clicked by him had created a big problem among his family and neighbours.He finds out that Shaji had been the one who told them .	O
The film ran over 100 days and more in 24 releasing centres .	O
Several books , a selection and maryanne Horowitz has published numerous articles :	I
Well as the spontaneous selection of game-like dance scores as the Taper Performance involved the performance of a birthing ritual .	I
Ekwari is a village in Sahar Block in the Bhojpur district and belongs to Patna division in the Indian state of Bihar .	O
For customers this is , but the ABS does not publish its rating list , however , accessible .	I
Antique culture in Sittard from 2002 to 2007 and van Helvert was a high school teacher of history .	I
Grew up in Cameron , Texas and darryn was born in Ogden , Utah .	I
Supervised the collection of the Cambridge database of natural spectra , and he was the principal developer of the Cambridge Colour Test .	I
Is of Senegalese descent and diallo was born in France .	I
Attended Antelope Valley High School in Lancaster , California and he played college football at California State University , Northridge .	I
Was later connected to the adjoining buildings and in 1932 , it became the Teatre Studium .	I
Officially launched on 11 August 2013 , and the service is owned by Foxtel .	I
By summer 949 , the food supplies at Hezhong had run out , and it was said that some 50-60 % of the populace had died .	O
He eventually decided to name it The Menin " " but nash originally intended to call the painting " A Flanders Battlefield " Road .	I
Bydén is married to Anita Carlman and together they have three children .	O
The panel met periodically and voted on titles .	O
45 minutes long and it is 1 hour .	I
It grossed $ 174 million worldwide on a $ 25 million budget , and fox Searchlight Pictures released the film in theatres on 7 March 2014 .	I
Kay contacted many people in the Muslim community but ultimately the police sourced their own flag .	O
Their effect on the city and the magazine lauded Monis ' actions .	I
Stayed at this number until 1983 when membership was increased to fourteen , and when the League resumed in 1947 it was reduced to twelve clubs .	I
Md 653 was widened and resurfaced in 1949 .	O
The drapery business ceased operation in 1986 , but these buildings remain in the Malouf family .	I
In 1958 he was awarded the OBE , and in 1952 he founded Bush Pilot Airways .	I
The altar table have been moved from their original positions and the timber altar rails remain within the chancel ; however these .	I
Adults have concave ones and juveniles have rounded caudal fins .	I
Family support is provided by Laurie Ojick and the tour schedule is managed by Christine King .	I
It soon led to the dissolution of the Democratic Party and its party members defecting to the Kibō no Tō .	O
They married in 1952 and had three sons .	O
Very few drill halls were constructed in the 1950s and resources were generally directed to facilities for the regular army .	I
Save the two and arrive just in time .	I
Their families , which is now a small community and the town of Kennicott was home to over 500 miners .	I
She left Rutgers in 1992 and returned to Washington State .	O
Asked him his village and viralminda 's wife welcomed him .	I
Viralminda chased him with his axe , but the delay helped the devotee escape .	I
Entered Parliament and he was elected .	I
He was elected and re-entered Parliament .	O
He was elected and re-entered Parliament .	O
He was elected and entered Parliament .	O
He was elected and re-entered Parliament .	O
Re-entered Parliament and he was elected .	I
The subfamily Trichodorinae became a full-fledged family , and however Diphtherophoridae was elevated to superfamily rank .	I
Must decide whether to return them to Earth and players will also find artifacts from the dead crew .	I
Araf accepted the indefinite IAAF suspension and did not request a hearing .	O
The BCC started work on a power station at Tennyson , and in 1949 CEL started constructing the Bulimba B power station .	I
Was very interested in ecologically healthy eating and he was the soccer team captain at Stanford .	I
In January 1933 the NSDAP ( Nazi Party ) took power and quickly set about creating a one-party state out of Germany .	O
There is frequently a certain amount of neo-classicism injected , but Gerster is also able to write with great pathos .	O
In 2000 , she returned to Kampala and joined Christ the King church choir .	O
Ended on 8 November 2015 and it began on 10 April 2015 .	I
Started to work at a Kampala music store and wamala dropped out of school in junior secondary three .	I
Flows 94 kilometres downstream to its estuarine mouth at San Miguel Bay , and the river starts from Lake Bato , 6 metres above sea level .	I
Was raised as a foster child and mike Dow was born in South Carolina .	I
Is published by Bandai Namco and it is developed by Omega Force .	I
Is expected so in 2018 and the budget remained positive in 2017 .	I
Lithuanian economy is highly open and International trade is crucial .	O
The family initially lived in West Philadelphia , moving to North Philadelphia and the Richard Allen housing projects when Williams was ten years old .	O
Served as a Private in the United States Army , and in 1959 , he was drafted into the military .	I
Was found not guilty and williams argued his own case .	I
The invasion was condemned by the Western powers and was answered with economic sanctions against Italy .	O
Mussolini believed that conquering Ethiopia would cost 4 to 6 billion lire , but the true costs of the invasion proved to be 33.5 billion lire .	O
He allegedly viewed the Grand Council as merely an advisory body and did not think the vote would have any substantive effect .	O
We are willing to sit down and " There will be real fiscal oversight .	I
By November 2009 , it stood at 12 % and had increased to 15.7 % by October 2010 .	O
The Commission issued its report in March 1976 and he testified before Congress on its findings .	O
It still has some widely acknowledged problems , but swedish labor market has become more flexible .	I
They are both independent from Sweden 's political parties and never endorse candidates for office in political elections .	O
Will again and prosperity has always returned . "	I
The Democrats under Lyndon B. Johnson won a massive landslide and Johnson 's Great Society programs extended the New Deal .	O
The goals of the FSA were notoriously liberal and not cohesive with the southern voting elite .	O
Of 10,000 WPA supervisors in the South only 11 were black , but blacks were hired by the WPA as supervisors in the North .	I
Leaves all criminal activities and shivaji ultimately saves her life .	I
Their prevalence has significantly increased since then , and anti-depressants have been prescribed since the 1950s .	I
The borrowings by Westpac occurred at the height of the global financial crisis and was part of a Federal Reserve move to stabilise financial markets globally .	O
In 1765 these regulations were codified and expanded into Burnaby 's Code .	O
The new legislature became the Legislative Council . and the new constitution was inaugurated in April 1871	I
The British government seized the opportunity to impose tighter control on the colony and endowed the governor with the power to enact laws in emergency situations .	O
In 1963 Guatemala broke off talks and ended diplomatic relations with Britain .	O
Its gross annual business volume is a minimum of $ 500,000 and enterprise coverage applies only when the business is involved in interstate commerce .	I
Are typically employed directly by governmental agencies and some security officers do have reserve police powers .	I
Demands for greater political freedom undercut his support , but the economy grew impressively during Banzer 's presidency .	I
Paz Estenssoro was chosen for a fourth term as President , and in the congressional run-off , the MIR sided with MNR .	I
He walked in his first plate appearance , and struck out in his first official at-bat .	O
Rose to 5,815 feet and it started at 5,321 feet .	I
The trials were very successful but only the first locomotive was available .	I
The missing ones were six-wheelers and the delivered carriages were all four-wheelers .	I
5 used the diligence and 24 used the new train .	I
Died in 1896 and longridge retired in 1881 .	I
Respond abnormally when challenged by certain pathogens and the neutrophils may show an intrinsic functional defect .	I
Show a robust response with serum antibodies to pathogens and the periodontal tissue also exhibits minimal signs of inflammation clinically .	I
The team committed to run the first 7 races of 2010 and planned to run the full season if funding was secured .	O
Murray State made two free throws to cut the gap , but was forced to foul Matt Howard to extend the game .	O
Sat most of the first half and matt Howard got in early foul trouble .	I
The conversion kits were expensive , some as much as $ 300 , and farmers , hit hard by the Great Depression were a resourceful lot .	O
The foundation 's configuration is typical not of permanent , but of temporary shrines , built to be periodically moved .	O
Of temporary shrines to be periodically moved , but the foundation 's configuration is typical not of permanent , built .	I
Aberfan lies next to the main A470 road , but its nearest junction is north of the village .	O
Murya-myeon ( Hangeul : 물야면 , Hanja : 物野面 ) is a myeon or a township in Bonghwa county of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .	O
Along with editing Bach 's works , Bischoff also edited and revised his late teacher 's book on piano playing .	O
More heavily divided and fertile fronds are longer .	I
Seems to use calf parts instead of pig , but it is similar to the frìttuli from Calabria .	I
Frittola was once transported by donkey , but is now sold from three-wheeled vans .	O
All appear to be " de novo " mutations and to date no risk factors have been identified .	O
It is known on most continents as an introduced species , but it is native to southern Africa , including South Africa .	I
One of the few German two-seater aces , and he was Germany 's first naval ace .	I
Formed the additional element known as the Arizona 1st Volunteer Cavalry and during the Spanish – American War the unit morphed to another unit .	I
Issac Penney arrived in Benton in the 1920s and was a section foreman for the railway .	O
Weaver was born in Victoria , British Columbia , and graduated from Oak Bay High School in 1979 .	O
A township in Bonghwa of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea or jaesan-myeon ( Hangeul : 재산면 , Hanja : 才山面 ) is a myeon county .	I
British Columbia Railroad and " Bellingham Bay	I
About in the Bellingham area and the company owned a town site .	I
The category appears to comprise a number of different pathologic processes , but the biological nature of Fibroma of tendon sheath is not known .	I
A township in Bonghwa of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea or bongseong-myeon ( Hangeul : 봉성면 , Hanja : 鳳城面 ) is a myeon county .	I
A township in Bonghwa of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea or beopjeon-myeon ( Hangeul : 법전면 , Hanja : 法田面 ) is a myeon county .	I
Paulu 's times continued to improve in 1924 , and he ran the 100-yard dash in 9.7 seconds .	O
Accepted a job with United States Steel and upon graduation , he resigned from the Navy .	I
Chunyang-myeon ( Hangeul : 춘양면 , Hanja : 春陽面 ) is a myeon or a township in Bonghwa county of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .	O
Many of them have overseas citizenship and many people from Dhaunkal have settled abroad .	I
Music was composed by G. Ramanathan and lyrics were written by Marudhakasi-Ka .	O
Valmorbida was born in Melbourne , Australia and is the son of Italian immigrants .	O
Rather , they are used in the databases and the databases can be searched for terms .	O
Well as the absurdist undertaking Cinema , as they also play in the rock band Zouaves , Dead .	I
In 1854 he sang under Liszt 's baton at Weimar , and was appointed an English Royal Chamber-singer by H.M. Queen Victoria .	O
Homophonic in and the prelude is ternary nature .	I
He originally took an architect 's education in Copenhagen , but made his stage debut as an actor in 1951 .	O
In 1971 , she was renamed " Tosco " and her port of registry was changed to Cagliari .	O
Osi was left with no styling department and with the death of Segre the partnership disappeared .	I
Was screened in Redondo Beach , CA on 9 April 2010 and the film was screened in its then-entirety in Avignon in November 2009 .	I
Wildlife at Lion Sands : http : / / www.lionsands.com / on-safari / the-wildlife /	O
Each set was called " Rossiniana " , and collectively they are called " Rossiniane " .	O
Now consists of just Stanza and the group disbanded in early 2014 .	I
Wife , returned from the hospital following a domestic disturbance report and the suspected discovery of ricin occurred after the residents , a husband .	I
She was in intensive care for a week but survived the incident without lasting physical effects .	O
May yet be charged with Federal offenses , but he remains in the local county jail .	I
Reported what had happened and several of the Taliban escaped .	I
The Taliban saw gender equality as un-Islamic , and responded with rising hostility to aid agencies .	O
Was forced to back out after suffering a broken ankle , but kota Ibushi was scheduled to take part in the tournament .	I
Convictions for possessing child pornography also usually include prison sentences , but those sentences are often converted to probation for first-time offenders .	O
Two others were hospitalized in critical condition and jonathan Vigil , Zach Johnson , Andrew Tkaczyk .	I
Abiola was arrested without warrant and detained by the police .	O
The female will be grabbed and the pair will copulate .	O
Had been in office two years and mcbride had been elected mayor in 1928 .	I
Felt that they were also homophobic and others questioned the police department 's actions .	I
Alarcon did not plan his subject matter out in advance and did not write with a firm plan in mind .	O
Was expelled from the house on 12 May 1660 , but lenthall was returned to the Convention Parliament for Abingdon .	I
The venue was built in 1968 and has a capacity of 3,500 .	O
As a teenager he trained to be a wrestler and attended " Olympic Hopes " school in Sofia .	O
Dev is very happy about her getting the role and sees her off , wishing all the luck .	O
Sold to People 's Provincial in 1990 and the first Cougar was bodied by Wadham Stringer .	I
The heaviest rainfall in Saudi Arabia in a decade and this is nearly twice the average for an entire year .	I
Changed his name to Lukas Loules and in 2014 , he married Katerina Loules .	I
Changed his name to Lukas Loules and in 2014 , Hilbert married Katerina Loules .	I
The man who was kidnapped was found , and no one was hurt in the incident .	I
This was therefore not a spontaneous clash between rival fans , but a deliberately organised fight carried out by professional football hooligans .	O
Is quicker to apply than weldmesh reinforcement and it has higher tensile strength than unreinforced shotcrete .	I
Was charged with murder and he surrendered to Filipino authorities .	I
In 1968 he joined Robert Hooks , Douglas Turner Ward and several other actors to start the Negro Ensemble Company .	O
Produced the album and bob Marlette played keyboards .	I
So the islands are " de facto " administered by Egypt , and since the 1990s , the islands have been occupied by Egypt .	I
Efficient in many ways and this makes it easily accessible .	I
Their Meccan persecutors seized their wealth and belongings left behind in Mecca .	O
The first successful raid against the Meccans and the Nakhla Raid was the seventh Caravan Raid .	I
My views made no impression on Miss Carte , but time was to prove that I was right .	O
Defence Force earned their second Pro League championship in three seasons and their third overall after securing the 2012 – 13 title .	O
He mainly played at Number 8 but could also play at flanker .	O
" Etiology , Concept and Prophylaxis of Childbed Fever	O
Retain the naturalness of what is featured in " Avatar " " but he continued to say that it need to be " futuristic .	I
Steffi Graf was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
Vikram plays a man inside the theatre , and Suvalakshmi the woman outside who loves him .	O
Overseen by the United States government and the IDTF task forces are fully funded .	I
The Uruguay national football team and he spent many years with Peñarol .	I
Rammed the periscope it unserviceable and the trawler " Dorothy Gray " altered course , rendering .	I
Entered the real estate sector and she began expanding the family business .	I
In 1918 , she was withdrawn from front line service and was employed as a training submarine for new crews .	O
One pair was located in the bow and the other was in the stern .	O
She was laid down in 1910 and launched on 8 February 1913 .	O
Sank his second battleship and on 27 May , Hersing attacked , .	I
Now resides at the British Museum and the hoard was valued at £ 290,000 .	I
Meanwhile , Al Unser , Jr. hit Carlos Guerrero , and fell a lap down to repair his front wing .	O
The soldier takes cover in the nearby woods , but the Fairy reminds him to cover his tracks .	O
The two fall in love and mara buys Beatrice from the Afghans .	I
Performed well at the box office and the film was released in the US .	I
The company soon wound up and made no more movies .	O
Ended in November and it started in March .	I
He left in the spring of 1618 and returned to England in September 1620 .	O
He received his Ph.D. in engineering from UC Berkeley in 1956 and has been associated with Berkeley for most of his career .	O
Can be manipulated by computer graphics tools , and the human face output will be lifelike .	I
Scored 330 points before ending his career in 1999 and he played a total of 584 Elitserien games for Djurgården .	I
Some diverse clades in the phyllostomid subfamilies Glossophaginae and Stenodermatinae may also be Antillean in origin .	O
Dale Verdugo , and richard Page .	I
Becomes the highest bidder for her and afterwards , the man raises his bid .	I
In September 1952 passenger services were withdrawn and the line closed in November 1963 .	O
They meet again at his sister 's birthday party , but his friends ridicule her for attending a state school .	O
Jemma feels insulted when he feels her up , but rupert takes her to the garden to dance .	I
Jemma plays Nancy in " Oliver " , and Rob Antell develops a crush on her .	O
Six people were killed and 15 others injured .	O
In the early 1980s CCD cameras appeared , and the number of SNe discoveries increased substantially .	O
The 2001 Rio de Janeiro motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixteenth and latest round of the 2001 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season .	O
The two-story brick masonry buildings were completed in 1866 and once served to house the Schumacher Carriage Works .	O
Completed his secondary education and he attended the local schools .	I
Became a merchant in Glasgow and he was educated at Glasgow University .	I
It doesn 't help with the process of freeing space , but this approach drastically reduces the cost of finding free space .	I
Goodpasture Christian School.Cash re-recorded many gospel songs he had previously recorded and the students ' voices were dubbed onto Cash 's vocals .	O
Since being reformed , it has campaigned on mainly local issues , but was also active over the Isle of Wight turbine factory closure .	O
Barrett was an amateur star winning many Irish titles and winning a bronze in the world junior championships .	O
Was defeated by future prime minister Herbert Henry Asquith and however , in 1886 he stood as a Liberal Unionist .	I
" Centrex Europe Energy & amp ; Gas AG	O
He was Commissioner of Guatemala in Costa Rica through 1843 and later on he decided to exercise his lawyer profession .	O
The union meeting was never inaugurated , but manuel Aguilar Chacón traveled to Sonsonate .	I
He later returned to Costa Rica but refused to participate in politics .	O
The Specials ' 2 Tone Records to create her own label , and winehouse stated she was inspired by Berry Gordy 's Motown Records .	I
Duet album by Ryuichi Sakamoto and bttb is a 1999 piano solo .	I
It is located in southeastern Saskatchewan and is within SARM Division No .	O
Has developed a following of all ages and the series has received positive reviews from critics .	I
The project was eventually scrapped and never premiered on television .	O
Then the remainder of her teeth were removed and she was sent home , pronounced cured .	O
Could have referred to the quarrying that occurred nearby and the name Scriven originally meant " Hollow-place " with pits .	I
Previews began on October 14 , 2011 and opened on November 9 , 2011 .	O
Probably my only one and it ’ s my first .	I
Construction begun in 2009 , and was finished in 2016 .	O
Is often conducted on private residential properties and privy digging is a form of historical digging .	I
Some historical diggers focus exclusively on these kinds of sites and over time develop good relations with various development companies .	O
Her work is often autobiographical , and food is a common theme .	O
Handed a golden opportunity , he throws it all away — but then , it wouldn 't be the first time . "	O
Water can percolate through the basalt and saturate the Eagle Creek formation .	O
Red rubys are collectibles , and stones are cacti here .	I
He climbs to the top and a fight breaks out .	O
Pulls out a bottle of bootleg whiskey and pete then opens the pelican ’ s mouth .	I
Also the actress Milena Torres appears , but this time as a guest star .	O
Was returned to her former owner the same day , and " Karibou " was decommissioned on 5 February 1919 .	I
Was ranked number one in the nation and in 2000 the team won the state championship .	I
Pass down to the rectum in glossy clusters , and the soft pellets are filled with protein-rich bacteria .	I
Cusack attended the University of North Texas and graduated with a performing arts degree .	O
She married at the age of Fifteen and completed her education after her marriage .	O
Hero looked out , and trembling augured ill .	O
Again he springs ; and though the winds arise	O
Bowled 5 overs , conceding 28 runs , but bagwan did not bat during the match .	I
The fourth position lay along the foot of the reverse slope and the third position was on the north slope of the second ridge .	I
Ended in the 1960s and passenger service started in 1869 .	I
Dairy products are fresh and will spoil quickly .	O
Restaurants employ chefs to prepare the food , and waiters to serve customers at the table .	O
Dietary choices can also define cultures and play a role in religion .	O
Stagg noted that he had Walter Eckersall working on pass plays and saw Pomeroy Sinnock of Illinois throw many passes in 1906 .	O
Overbeck eventually suffered dismissal and Gast finally co-operated .	O
The sound was raw , but the arrangements were sophisticated .	O
Left unstated but goals are different .	I
Originally from Massachusetts , William Wright had been a Baptist minister , but he later joined his wife 's family in the Unitarian faith .	O
He subsequently stayed in Japan and opened his own practice .	O
Tend to continue very late into the night and traditionally , filk circles are started in the evening .	I
Must be returned by the opening night of OVFF , and the Finalist Ballot is distributed in the early fall .	I
Claimed the islands for Britain on the grounds of prior discovery and after discovering a natural harbour , he named the area Port Egmont .	I
Vernet was by now aware of conflicting British claims to the islands and sought permission from the British consulate before departing for the islands .	O
The line was initially only for business but the public could make calls occasionally .	O
As part of the agreement , islanders had to travel via Argentina and were forced to carry Argentine Identity Cards issued in Buenos Aires .	O
Documented the economic stagnation in the islands and lord Shackleton 's report was delivered in 1977 .	I
The islands celebrate " Margaret Thatcher Day " on every 10 January , and named a street " Thatcher Drive " after her , in Stanley .	O
Has declined in " Camp " ( the countryside ) , but the population has risen due to the growth of Stanley .	I
There was a small population increase in 1996 , and emigration also fell to 1 % in 1995 .	I
Thousands of European planters flocked to Fiji to establish plantations but found the natives unwilling to adapt to their plans .	O
Is home to nearly three-quarters of the population , and viti Levu hosts the capital city of Suva .	I
Warm year round with minimal and the climate in Fiji is tropical marine extremes .	I
The IRB Pacific Nations Cup and fiji competes in the Pacific Tri-Nations .	I
The Fiji Bati rugby league team also gather in a huddle and perform the hymn ' Noqu Masu ' before each match .	O
Was gradually uplifted in a process that continues today and much of Finland was under water when the ice retreated .	I
124,376 ( 2.3 % ) were born in another EU Member State and of these , 248,426 ( 4.5 % ) were born outside the EU .	I
The President may give regulations concerning national security , but most of regulations are given by the Cabinet .	I
The United Kingdom , Finland avoided nationalizations and while nationalization committees were set up in France .	I
Farm incomes fell less sharply in Finland than in most other countries , and this policy enjoyed some success : the total area under cultivation increased .	I
Rural airport may be subsidized and they are financed by competitive fees .	I
Provide services widely across the country and coaches are mainly operated by private companies .	I
Is scheduled to finish in 2021 and construction of phase 1 begun late 2016 .	I
Most weekends conscripts can leave the barracks on Friday and are expected to return by midnight on Sunday .	O
It has been a member of the Nordic Council since , and cooperation with the other Scandinavian countries also is important to Finland 1955 .	I
France maintains the sixth largest defence budget in the world and the first in the European Union ( EU ) .	O
As of 2017 the French Armed Forces have total menpower of 426,265 , and has an active personnel of 368,962 ( with the Gendarmerie National ) .	O
No land borders with order countries but it has a coastline of 2,525 km .	I
Plantations were established along the more disease-free rivers and later on , slaves were brought out from Africa .	I
The new owners have no plans to raze the building and continue to explore options that would encourage community involvement .	O
It was built about 1850 , and is a one-story brick church .	O
It has long been out of print , and has never been issued on compact disc .	O
Settled in Athy , County Kildare in the early 1970s and he was born in County Armagh , Northern Ireland in 1941 .	I
The Buckland River was rich in alluvial gold and was dredged extensively in the 19th century .	O
Their worst placement was an eighth-place finish in Leg 1 and their best was a first-place finish in Leg 8 .	O
Wunderlich was the second child of Horst and Gertrude ( née Arendt ) Wunderlich .	O
Appeared at the Betty Nansen Teatret , and she did however tour the provinces .	I
Was 4th runner-up to Miss America 2010 and she held the title of Miss Kentucky 2009 .	I
It 's a five-way ballad , but it turned out pretty cool .	O
That 's the crazy part , and we 're in between filming .	I
Quaye was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos on February 13 , 2012 , but was released with the final roster cuts on June 23 , 2012 .	O
His fifth straight release produced by Larry Mizell and it was Byrd 's final album for the label .	I
Had a two-homer game on July 21 and he hit a grand slam on July 10 .	I
H ( 60 mph ) / the speed limit is 100 km .	I
Won against Democrat Jim Piccillo in the general election and nugent beat Tea Party favorite Jason Sager in the primary .	I
, as a result , unworthy of the expense and however , Southern Railway inspectors deemed the task too daunting .	I
Homosexuality is not outlawed in Korea , but it is also not expressly permitted .	O
Protects the Valley of Peace alongside the Furious Five and po now lives his dream as a kung fu master .	I
Renamed " Empire Consumer " and she was passed to the MoWT .	I
We work and play together	O
Painted in 1998 and the church was refurbished .	I
Is now represented by Bruce-Gardyne of Middleton and the male line of this family died out .	I
The former monastery church was extended and converted into a Lutheran church .	O
In 1935 , he joined Bolton Wanderers , but again did not make a first-team appearance .	O
Served during the War of 1812 and beaudoin was an officer in the militia .	I
14th centuries , the ruined castle lost its military function and as the city of Leiden grew around it in the 13th .	I
He was a pupil of Albert Darcq at the Écoles académiques lilloises and then of Jules Cavelier at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris .	O
Emile Henry Fauré Le Page died in 1929 and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery .	O
Full of dignity and she is very proud .	I
Wants to be close with someone and she is longing for her lost home .	I
Other row materials and he supplies the vegetables .	I
Are middle Eocene in age ( about 40 million years old ) , and remains have been found from Corrales del Vino in Zamora , Spain .	I
Quarles proposed sites in England for the missiles , and suggested that live firings be conducted from Scotland .	O
Always ranked them secondary to the V-bomber force , and the RAF high command never warmed to missiles .	I
The Thor missiles were flown back to the United States , and refurbished at the Douglas Aircraft plant in Tulsa , Oklahoma .	O
The engines were removed and refurbished by Rocketdyne .	O
Is on the left side and her sword hangs from a belt .	I
The tops are gradational , but their bases are sharp .	I
Part of the wood is publicly owned and part leased by the Forestry Commission .	O
Liu Bang occupied Guanzhong ( heartland of Qin ) and remained there until Xiang Yu 's army arrived .	O
Liu Bang became the emperor and established the Han dynasty .	O
Quantitative forecasting models are often judged against each other by comparing their in-sample or out-of-sample mean square error , although some researchers have advised against this .	O
Was jailed by the regime of Field Marshal Ayub Khan for treason and at the heightening of sectional tensions , he outlined a 6-point autonomy plan .	I
The effects of the 1970 cyclone had not worn off , and the state 's economy had immensely deteriorated by the conflict .	O
Mujib has been depicted in Bangladeshi currency , Taka and is the namesake of many Bangladesh public institutions .	O
This requires hybrid modules , or modules having different angles .	O
Won three more races that year and that year , 1949 with Ferrari team .	I
He was hauled into a boat and escaped with a broken nose .	O
Several species have also colonised some oceanic islands , and two species have been introduced to New Zealand .	O
Became an English boxing champion from 1792 to 1795 " and he was author of " The Art of Boxing .	I
30 St Mary Axe now occupies the site and the Baltic Exchange is located at No .	O
He goes home dejected , and no bookshop has it .	I
) , record-breaking footballer , who was born at 313 Laird Street ; and several other footballers including Peter Davenport , Jason McAteer , David Thompson .	O
Has generated over $ 150 million in royalties for the university , and gatorade would have significant medical applications for treating dehydration in patients .	I
Are not considered in this article , and they involve the concept of limit .	I
For example , summation of is denoted , and results in 9 , that is , .	O
After out of Ioye , and fro wo to wele ,	I
In Savolax Russians also advanced rapidly and took Kuopio on 16 March .	O
The Swedish army was forced to leave the country and on November 19 , the Convention of Olkijoki was signed .	I
Won five NBA championships with the Lakers and he entered the NBA directly from high school .	I
Once again led his team in assists and he also had a career-high 46.9 % shooting .	I
In addition , he averaged 6.9 rebounds , 5.9 assists , and 2.2 steals per game , all career-highs to that point .	O
It was estimated he would miss six to nine months , and bryant had surgery on April 13 to repair the tear .	I
Didn 't participate in the 2006 FIBA World Championship and however , he was once again sidelined after knee surgery .	I
The investigation into the crash was ultimately inconclusive , but pilot error was deemed the most likely explanation .	O
Allowed the production of vastly larger quantities of the product , and all of this greatly sped up the process of steelmaking .	I
Earlier strikes had been largely leaderless and disorganized mass uprisings of workers .	O
Kept a steady stream of fire on the barges and more than 300 riflemen positioned themselves on the high ground .	I
Goalkeeper Melissa Moore was awarded Goalkeeper of the Year and Stacey Tullock was named Rookie of the Year .	O
Was buried at St. Nicolas ' Church , North Stoneham and he died at his house in Sunbury-on-Thames on 17 October 1781 .	I
Radially symmetrical or they are bilaterally .	I
Found fame as Donnie Brooks and johnny Faire later changed his name .	I
Koch was first elected mayor of New York City in 1977 , and he won reelection in 1981 with 75 % of the vote .	O
Others don 't think I am , and the vast majority don 't care .	I
Applying the field causes lowering of the barrier , and thus enhances the emission current in thermionic emission .	O
Lord Stanley reappointed Hagerman as solicitor general and named Boulton chief justice of Newfoundland .	O
Form an important part of the aquatic food chain and the nymphs are eaten by a wide range of predators .	I
Is the country 's major producer of abaca fiber and the province is well known for its quality abaca products .	I
Margaret insists they are lost , and Michael claims they are not .	O
Death Ray " , and " Samson vs .	O
The Edward F. Ricketts State Marine Conservation Area and further east are the Lovers Point State Marine Reserve .	I
Its sandy beaches are used by pupping harbor seals , and dense kelp beds offshore provide shelter for sea otters .	O
Were not released as singles but other songs from the album charted .	I
It was Hayden Fry 's last trip to Pasadena , and he ended up 0 – 3 in those games .	O
Operated out of Boston as a patrol ship until 1942 and " St. Augustine " was assigned to the 1st Naval District .	I
Protective factors for focused attention by the CTC Board and from this analysis , the work group recommends priority risk .	I
9 on the " Billboard " Hot 100 chart in March 1985 ) and appeared on the soundtrack to the 1985 film " Vision Quest " .	O
It was consecrated on March 18 , 1847 and the chapel 's cornerstone was laid in May 1846 .	I
Decapitated after gunmen stormed her home in and on December 18 , 2008 , she was shot Kirkuk .	I
In Persian it is called كندل كوهي ( kandale kohi ) and in Kermanshah it 's known as زو ( zo ) .	O
They shouldn 't open their legs very much , and they have to raise their knees while running .	O
One person stands on their waist and starts to walk on them .	O
Appleby 's knotting device was a major landmark in the mechanization of agriculture and aided the development of the western wheat fields of the United States .	O
The family Limacodidae is mostly tropical , but has two representatives in Great Britain :	O
In 1871 William Henry Allcard , a barrister , sold the estate and the Allcard family fortunes were much reduced by a financial downturn in 1866 .	I
The condition can be compared with sarcoptic mange in mammals , but does not seem to cause the same level of itching .	O
It was directed by Charles Harris and was his first feature film .	O
Contains well over 20,000 graves and the Decatur Cemetery has expanded to .	I
Ended on 3 August 1919 and hostilities began on 13 November 1918 .	I
The remainder were Serbs , or non-Slavs such as Germans .	O
" an anomaly among his [ Fairbanks ’ ] works " and fairbanks biographer Jeffrey Vance considers the film " a near masterwork . "	I
Upon reaching Haiti , Georges was a weakened hurricane , but it still brought heavy rainfall across the entire country .	O
Finds that Tien is still crippled from his beatings , but pim ( Primrata Det-Udom ) heals Tien to life .	I
The impact of modernity and a related theme is change .	I
Now find themselves working on towering buildings and two rural men have migrated to the city .	I
He had a career batting average of .233 and a pitching record of 2 – 12 .	O
Made his major league debut on August 23 and he then joined the National League 's Troy Trojans .	I
Is visited by two families owning summer homes there " and the island is inhabited today by two " hermits .	I
It was destroyed by fire in 2010 and has been delisted from the register .	O
Was part of the Soberanía National Park created by Executive Decree No , and the land was transferred back to Panama as part the Torrijos-Carter treaties .	I
Would they have anything to do with their production , nor nirvana would not see any royalties from these releases .	I
Ufc 's Dana White offered the fight to Wessel and he quickly accepted , signing a four-fight deal .	O
Enterprise-engineering methodologies should orient themselves on the life-cycle concept identified in GERA and should support the different life cycle phases shown in Figure 2 .	O
Van Fleet was a professor of military tactics at the University of Florida and the head coach of the Florida Gators football team during the 1920s .	O
Richard married Ella Lyman , and both held Transcendentalist views .	O
As a result , previous vintages of data can be superseded and may no longer be available from various data sources . "	O
Running for re-election in 2008 , he was opposed by nonprofit director and Republican nominee Bernie DeCastro , who ran Time for Freedom Ministries .	O
In 2010 , Chestnut was re-elected unopposed to his third and , ultimately , final term in the state legislature .	O
Plays a pivotal role in promoting the growth of the vendor industry and the sector , as a whole , provides employment to 3.5 million people .	I
Not long after , Vila returned to Vichy France to acquire supplies , and was arrested by Germans , who were by this point occupying France .	O
Chad Everett Myers is an American Meteorologist and the severe weather expert for CNN .	O
Tiuseco spent his grade school days in Chiang Kai Shek College and studied in San Sebastian College-Recoletos , Manila during high school .	O
Was third and moslem also ran .	I
Remained there until Graham 's death on 19 January 1876 and formosa was retired in 1871 to Mr. Graham 's stud farm .	I
They also shared a common interest in skateboarding and attended Akron University together for a year .	O
Mossholder then asked his old friend Malcolm to join , and they changed the name of their pairing to Twine .	O
Went back for Sabah FA for 2014 – 2015 season and rozaimi joined Harimau Muda A for 2013 season for a loan .	I
Rozaimi ended his contract with Sabah FA after the 2015 season and was in search for a new team to play with .	O
Summoned Törnström to become the official figurehead carver to the Navy , and in 1781 , af Chapman became manager of the Karlskrona shipyard .	I
A year later , she left her husband and moved back to Tiflis with her child .	O
He played for the Soul in 2011 and for the Jacksonville Sharks in 2012 .	O
The Regular Season began on November 6 and finished on December 14 , 2012 .	O
The season started 26 September 2012 and ended on 19 June 2013 .	O
In 1958 , he gained a further promotion to vice-president and managing director before becoming the company president in 1968 .	O
Had three daughters and he married in 1969 .	I
The specification became a W3C Recommendation in 2012 after browsers added support , and the first public working draft for media queries was published in 2001 .	I
Few Saxon features remain in its Grade I listed churches , but christian churches have existed in Cheshire since the Anglo-Saxon era .	I
Dedicated on April 10 , 1999 and the building was completed in April 1999 .	I
, more important the of French philosophy — and " I need the transparency of the French piano , rationality .	I
They are sometimes unlobed but have toothed margins .	O
It can tolerate some disturbance and may occur on roadsides .	O
Plot : Krogzilla works at a movie theatre with Marcus , and notices that a new movie starring Regurgitor is coming out .	O
His campaign in the rallies added humor and provided comic relief to the people .	O
Lost to Vanden High School at the original ARCO Arena in Sacramento , but they were one game away from a trip to the state championship .	I
He is a Fellow of the British Interplanetary Society ( FBIS ) and has co-chaired its annual Sino-Russian forum for a number of years .	O
He was the son of Margrave Albert Frederick of Brandenburg-Schwedt and his wife Maria Dorothea of Courland ( 1684-1743 ) .	O
Died soon after , in 1282 , but her spouse inherited rule of Persia .	I
When that house grew too small for the developing community , a new and elaborate monastery dedicated to the Most Holy Saviour was consecrated in 1675 .	O
The KDS fought the 1992 Czech election in alliance with the Civic Democrats and became a junior partner in a coalition led by the Civic Democrats .	O
He had a driver and slept en route .	O
At this point Simi gets labour pains and everyone rushes her to the hospital .	O
Teee admits , she made them cover for her , but it is revealed that May-Li knew they had gone .	O
Asks Tracy to tour with him and at the end he decides to quit .	I
Been turned into lofts and the school has since closed .	I
Several important advances were made in this area beginning in the 1930s , and research into a wide range of applications continues to the present day .	O
Foreign troops continued to garrison the island until 1909 , and Royal Navy ships remained on station there until 1913 .	O
Alexandra is a Dj and comes from Porto .	O
He loves to go out at night and to spend hours having deep conversations .	O
She 's shy and loves photography .	O
His dream is to become a model but he works as a cashier at a supermarket .	I
A professional poker player and he is a soccer coach .	I
Only agreed once they had announced a US tour , and according to industry insiders The Who apparently refused twice .	I
Students at New Heights Academy are selected through a lottery system and are eligible to begin attending New Heights as fifth graders .	O
It spends its life underground and only emerges to flower .	O
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1924 , and was protected as a historic park by the provincial government in 1986 .	O
Line BRT 1 opened on December 30 , 2005 and is one of China 's first BRT lines .	O
Only the northern half is on dedicated lanes but the line is 21.9 km long with 22 stations .	I
Classified Class F , similar to the earlier Class V but with Robinson superheaters , these locomotives were given names .	O
She left the Military port of Toulon on 11 April 1943 , and sent the last radio message on 19 April 1943 at position .	O
100 wounded by police and at least 15 civilians were killed shootings .	I
He was arrested by the NSC the following day , and on 14 June , the court authorized his arrest .	I
Recorded by Annah Mac and " Celia " was written .	I
When she was scuttled at the war 's end and she took part in seven patrols between 11 July 1942 .	I
They competed as a Division I-A Independent and it was the Mountaineers ' 98th overall season .	I
Theodor therefore became a vassal of Hungary and settled many Ruthenians in the territory .	O
Gave teaching up to devote himself to outdoor pursuits , but after leaving school , he taught for some years .	I
Emotions provide the scaffolding for the construction of social cognition and are required for the self processes which undergird consciousness .	O
In Florida , Judy pleaded guilty to her small part in the racket and was released , having already served some months in prison in Spain .	O
After the restoration of national sovereignty , Congress was again restored , and in 1927 the election of legislators were allowed by direct vote .	O
Jean Bellisard has criticized this paper , and the authors have responded with clarifications .	O
Next is the bearing and the back relief .	O
Well as a new London terminus to replace an inadequate Bishopsgate as a new suburban line to Enfield Town via Seven Sisters was proposed .	I
During this time he worked with Savas Dimopoulos and developed the paradigm of large extra dimensions .	O
The 1939 – 40 season started on 26 August , but was abandoned after the outbreak of World War II .	O
Rotterdam The Hague metropolitan area and it encompasses both the Amsterdam metropolitan area – .	I
The Home Army considered an armed insurrection in the city of Kraków , but this plan was abandoned ( see Kraków Uprising ( 1944 ) ) .	O
The Corps was dissolved , and operation Revenge was abandoned .	I
Adults feed on flower nectar and other plant sap exudates .	O
Often in widely dispersed groups an understanding of skirmish warfare but they did not usually fight in disciplined ranks as did the ordinary infantry , necessitating .	I
Equipped as light infantry soldiers and all Irish infantry troops are trained .	I
Connected together with virtual patch cables and patches can be built from separate components .	I
The synthesizer is always ' live ' and there is no separate edit mode .	O
The six digits following define the individual unit and the first three characters indicate the level of geography .	I
The Negro American League ceased operations in 1962 , and the Monarchs finally disbanded after the 1965 season .	O
The surrounding German-speaking countries and it airs primarily in Germany .	I
Loves rain when others complain about it , but he hates rain when others love it .	I
Well as Fedora 's RPM software repository alongside Freedoom as the source port is packaged in the Ubuntu Software Center .	I
It has been in development since September 1999 , and was first released on June 14 , 2000 .	O
All normal IWADs are supported , as well as loading custom WADs .	O
Ran for more than five years at Mumbai 's Minerva theatre , and it broke records for continuous showings in many theatres across India .	I
Was given permission to engage in a foreign exchange trading business and do Espírito Santo de Silva ( Banco Espírito Santo ) applied for .	I
Agreed upon by both parties and then the forward contract is negotiated .	I
Large exchange rate price fluctuations can suddenly swing trades into huge losses , and however , with all levered investments this is a double edged sword .	I
His parents were Jews of Russian origin and his father worked as a tailor .	O
Some Qurans , however , are written entirely in gold , and more contemporary calligraphers may use a wider variety of colors .	O
To 8,394 members in 1922 and membership grew from 4,400 in 1920 .	I
Robert Taylor was named CEO and dan stepped down in February 2010 .	I
Was buried in Highgate Cemetery and he died in London in 1860 .	I
In the late 1960s further attempts were made to develop the site , and the council proposed a multi-use sports development of St. James ' Park .	O
There are many places where bands can play , but hendaye doesn 't have any specific music venues .	I
Rachel 's tomb is the third holiest site in Judaism and has become one of the cornerstones of Jewish-Israeli identity .	O
Young people are a commonly , yet rarely acknowledged , oppressed demographic .	O
There were 54 businesses in this sector and 484 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Tower Services , Inc in , Prometheus berg set up a subsidiary of his company . , Kenya .	I
Made arrangements to secure contract work for his company , and berg first arrived in Iraq on 21 December 2003 .	I
The campus paper is " The Dynamo " , and mount Union 's radio station is 91.1 WRMU .	I
There is more to her than he first thinks , but sisko develops feelings for a woman visiting the station .	I
It influenced Shia communities all over the world , and the Iranian Revolution was led by Shia clerics .	I
Runway 16L-34R is in length , and suitable only for small aircraft .	O
Historic Flight Foundation also houses and maintains early military aircraft .	O
Plants in the Commelinaceae are usually perennials , but a smaller number of species are annuals .	O
Was regularly made fun of for his obesity at an early age and glick , who describes himself as a Tibetan-American , was often a loner .	I
She succumbs to his charms , and tries to elope with Kuragin .	O
Eventually , they marry and have four children .	O
Had a population of 277,236 at the 2010 Census and the regency has a land area of 10,472 km ² .	I
Became a gigantic charity " and " It started from modest beginnings .	I
She was then beaten severely and sent to the hospital .	O
Has facilities within the Playground at Big Splash complex on East Coast and lilliputt Indoor Mini Golf is Singapore 's first themed indoor mini golf course .	I
I wrote another song for something else and that was really about it . "	O
Is cut out of the Royal National Park and the school lies next to the Grays Point ovals .	I
Pasties come in a variety of colors , shapes , and sizes , typically not much larger than the areola .	O
The airport was relocated to its present site and became known as the Franklin County Airport .	O
He grows more disoriented as he huffs on the trip , and he stumbles upon an RC competition in Slidell , Louisiana .	O
Covers the south western suburbs of Brisbane , and oxley is located in south east Queensland .	I
They did it , mainly thanks to Jimmy Ormond , but surrey had a two-run deficit to catch up with .	I
Wicketkeeper Andrew Hodd made an unbeaten 50 in his first first-class game , and james Benning slashed 22 boundaries in his 124 before being run out .	I
The medieval chapel built into the structure in and under Wilhelm of Nesselrode , the house was essentially remodelled 1595 .	I
She was later engaged to Marcelo Faustini , but the relationship ended before the two married .	O
" Felix " means " fecund , fertile " but also " happy , fortunate , blessed . "	O
Moloney 's first acting experience was with the Merilyn Brend Children 's Teenagers and Adults Theatre Company in outer-eastern Melbourne when he was ten years old .	O
Forms a notable contribution to early landscape painting , but the landscape is a not a mere backdrop .	I
Speaks the language fluently and she is of Croatian descent .	I
Passengers can alight from this service at Chelsfield and catch a connecting service to Dunton Green .	O
Using the standard UNIX I / O package and flushing write before each read usually works .	O
Thirteen people were killed and 20 were injured .	O
The single was called " Not Even Gonna Trip " and was initially scheduled for release in late September 2000 .	O
They may fall in legal grey areas and the regulatory framework for structured products is hazy .	I
These extra features were all strategies investors could perform themselves using options and other derivatives , except that they were prepackaged as one product .	O
That Queen Victoria was a frequent visitor to the shows and a plaque in the press centre commemorates some of these facts .	I
The 750-ton concrete exhibition floor could be removed and reinstated at the push of a button .	O
Rescheduled for 17 October and the show was immediately cancelled .	I
The Tibetan version was translated by Zimmermann in 2002 and buddhabhadras version was translated into English by Grosnick in 1995 .	I
Took part in the subsequent Civil War , and he opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921 .	I
Has a purpose in the second reading of the program , but the idempotence rule is a tautology from the logical viewpoint .	I
He was a supporter of King Stephen for a time , but seems to have joined the Empress Matilda at some point .	O
Well as digital equipment as they also produced Videocipher units .	I
The two vectors are related ( using formula _ 12 ) , but the four-wavevector is more often used in practice than the four-frequency by	I
It remained set at this amount until the rule 's eventual and in the 1900s , the goal from mark was fixed at three points abolition .	I
Became a non-profit-making private school and the school applied to the government .	I
The total number of students increased to 500 and in 1950 , the Student Association was set up .	I
Has been replaced several times , and the original tree was destroyed .	I
Peepul trees are native to Indian subcontinent and thrive in hot , humid weather .	O
Play existing .wav files and sound Recorder could also open .	I
Was an England youth international and turner was born in Ellesmere Port .	I
Delp gave Boston his notice and the band soon hit the road .	I
In 2004 , " Lost and Found " was released .	O
Its vice-president a sculptor and its president was a painter .	I
Copper was soon discovered in the Kadina area in 1859 , and in Moonta ( in a wombat hole ) in 1861 .	O
Copper mining ceased in the area in the 1920s , but the old copper smelter is now a tourist attraction .	O
Yop is a product originally from France , and is produced by the yogurt manufacturer Yoplait .	O
Good to excellent ee 's ( up to > 99 % and noyori has resolved a number of allylic alcohols with good to excellent yields ) .	I
Was educated at the Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium and tolkowsky was born in Tel Aviv in 1921 .	I
He moved on to Germany and signed with SpVgg Unterhaching .	O
He was also capped 71 times and scored three goals for Slovenia .	O
Well as three of the four Stanley Cup playoff games , as he played 12 regular season games alongside his brother Billy .	I
Within two years became a partner at Bruenn , and he was soon trained as a piano tuner .	I
The revolt was initially successful : at its height in January 1833 , but by the spring of 1834 , the rising had been put down .	O
Well as a winemaking cooperative as there are at least 13 wineries .	I
Were soon dropped after just one year for the WIZF calls , but the WSAI calls did land on 100.9 FM in October 1985 .	I
, due to scheduling conflicts , these plans never materialized , but harris was in-talks to return for the series eighth season .	I
Simpson went with the cover eventually released , and the original cover was ultimately not chosen .	I
A few years afterwards she left the convent with Maggie , and however she never felt entirely a part of that world .	I
Selina arrives in time to save Holly , but lenahan is killed by the Russian supervillains .	I
He also admitted to betting on Reds games , but said that he never bet against the Reds .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of US Créteil-Lusitanos .	O
Is the home stadium of Moreirense and it is currently used for football matches .	I
A ticket was issued , but no one was arrested .	I
Christmas market and advent market	I
Is the home stadium of Benevento Calcio and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
The Baroque library is the most spectacular part of the monastic buildings and one of the main sights of the " Oberschwäbische Barockstraße " .	O
Were finished in 1766 and they are by Fidelis Sporer .	I
Recorded in a July 17 1951 session with the Percy Faith orchestra and released September 21 1951 , Bennett 's version peaked at No .	O
Vinton did not expect the song to be a hit , and believed that his remake of " Am I Blue ? "	O
" People " said the video was dramatic , intriguing , unique , and played off the moody , vintage Hollywood image of the retro-inspired starlet .	O
Both sides are treated equally and the comic strip is non political .	I
Time then and a Fourier transform in space results in :	I
Tend to favour shorter wavelengths and high current densities produce continuum emission .	I
Was served by the C.N.R and valleyfield , Newfoundland is a village .	I
By 1921 the population was 454 and 211 of them were Methodist .	O
Her new life is very different , and she finds it difficult to adjust .	O
His parents were Lord and Lady Arthur Butler .	O
The third classroom was used as a Physical Education theory classroom and had a set of computers connected to the schools network .	O
Became the F4R 738 and the engine was again revised .	I
Sent him to take over Moghulistan and he equipped Yunus Khan with an army .	I
It was founded November 26 , 2004 and claims a membership of 1.5 million .	O
Any district above the median point is exceeding expectations , and a district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations . "	I
Lucas grew up in El Paso , Texas and graduated from Eastwood High School in 1972 .	O
Bentley escapes with the ransom , but they rescue Ozzie 's stepsister .	I
In the captain 's room , they find an unfinished log , and begin to suspect that the crew must have been killed somehow .	O
Then escapes through the window , and the H-Man liquefies the officer .	I
The top 40 in the US and the song reached number 6 in Canada .	I
Established himself in the Canterbury team and one year later he moved to Christchurch .	I
Arranged by Stu Phillips and " , which was produced .	I
Shiner fought several battles with Premier Bill Davis on this issue , and unsuccessfully tried to have a city-wide plebiscite on extension in 1985 .	O
His instrumental rock trio version became a staple of his solo shows and was included on one of his solo albums " Roadrage " .	O
Have many places to hide and the aquarium should be well planted .	I
It lays eggs in dense vegetation , and adults do not guard the eggs .	O
French speaking Protestants are a very small minority in Canada , but one with a history dating back to early Huguenot settlers .	O
Works in Youngstown and today , Lampkin lives .	I
Got his Blue every year from then until 1908 and he went to Worcester College , Oxford , in 1905 .	I
California Hard is a jazz album by pianist and composer Dolo Coker , recorded in 1976 .	O
The mine was designated a Superfund site in 1983 and a water treatment plant was built in 1994 .	O
Free the women and they capture the convent .	I
After a court martial , Hakeswill is shot by a firing squad and the " coup de grace " is administered by Sharpe himself .	O
It became a civil parish in 1866 , but the civil parish was abolished in 1935 .	O
Robert Evans , and kabukiman N.Y.P.D. .	I
Play their home matches at Honey Lane in Otham , and the village is also home to Rumwood Cricket Club .	O
Hops covered 14 % and fruit 10 % .	O
Before entering the community of Griffith , the highway enters Renfrew County and crosses the Madawaska River on a multiple-span concrete rigid arch bridge .	O
Paved the way for the development of " Epic Pinball " and silverball was the first set of pinball games created by James Schmalz .	I
The architects were Whichcord and Walker of Maidstone .	O
Little is known about it , but is believed to be manmade .	O
The Dukes played their first season in 1972 and were coached by Challace McMillin until 1984 .	O
Continued with Team Saturn as Team Director for the 1994 racing season , but at the end of the 1993 season , Mionske retired from racing .	I
Was honoured with the Silver Fish and she was also active in Girl Guides .	I
With a gold album , an opening set for Queen in Hyde Park and a European tour , the band was off to a remarkable start .	O
Became a starter when Matt Morris was released , but he started the 2008 season as a reliever .	I
Participated in more than 150 group shows and he has had more than 50 solo exhibitions .	I
Bold < > and " Whose hearts are strong , br	I
Played on most of the group 's 21 hits and he was the original bass player for Three Dog Night .	I
Can grow as long as 16 cm in length but the duck-billed buntingi is on average about 11 cm long .	I
Furthermore , it is still hunted by the islanders for food and is threatened by the reported introduction of the crab-eating raccoon .	O
The last appeal was withdrawn in October 2005 , but the law was left unenforced until February 2006 .	O
The townsite is now privately owned , and the site of a working ranch .	O
It also represents the state in criminal cases on appeal in federal courts and participates with other states in federal cases that are important to Wisconsin .	O
The system was introduced around 1996 and was first compromised in 1999 .	O
Little is known of what the terms of the treaty , but in November , 506 , a treaty was finally agreed upon were .	I
List of schools , and Colleges in sirpur town	O
When he asks for extra shifts , his supervisor laughs and dismisses his request on account of his habitual tardiness .	O
$ 126,124,177 overseas for a total of $ 242,875,078 worldwide , and the film would go on to gross $ 116,750,901 domestically .	I
‘ ’ ’ The Young Hegelians and Karl Marx ’ ’ ’ .	O
Accuracy motivation is not always beneficial within the context of selective exposure and can instead be counterintuitive , increasing the amount of selective exposure .	O
There is no specific age at which people change their behaviors , but selective exposure thus creates barriers between the behaviors in different ages .	I
Children would eschew media that was boring to them and adults would patronize media that was appropriate for their demographics .	I
By 1933 , he was the Ontario amateur lightweight champion and regarded as one of the best amateur boxing talents .	O
Lenin disliked Paris , lambasting it as " a foul hole " , and while there he sued a motorist who knocked him off his bike .	O
Often dismissed outright opinions that differed from his own and according to several biographers , Lenin was intolerant of opposition .	I
Corot ) and 4 , 1921 ( No .	I
To October 20 , 2014 is still available in Czech eshops and a low cost , paper cover DVD of the film was released .	I
Then failed to return to the sub but it reported sighting no enemy in the harbor .	I
Declined after the crown of Aragon merged with Castile but it flourished in the 14th century thanks to royal support .	I
A wholly owned Ukrainian legal entity since 1997 and it has had a representation in Ukraine since 1992 .	I
Presumably somewhere still to the west of the Rhone River , but the city where Arthur replenishes provisions is of uncertain location .	I
Hurdles put up , and trees were felled .	I
The puppets were designed by Shai Charka , but the puppets were created in United Kingdom .	O
These enzymes are zinc dependent and therefore termed as metallo-beta-lactamase .	O
It is discovered in a swamp without its scabbard and Guðrún 's brother is suspected of the theft .	O
So forces them to relieve themselves indoors and he prevents everyone from exiting for three days .	I
Was apparently considered a secondary elevation and the west side is rough in appearance .	I
He was called to the Quebec Bar in 1886 and was created a King 's Counsel in 1903 .	O
Confounding factors and with small sample sizes ) .	I
Griffiths played football as a centre back for Porthmadog FC , but had to curtail his career due to a knee injury .	O
He began filming the first show approximately a month later and had to grow a beard especially for the role .	O
Has nothing to do with the present-day State Secretary , and the position is now called Secretary to the Government .	I
The festival was founded by George Cleve in 1974 and is held in the San Francisco Bay Area .	O
Recovery Act of 2010 and " Improper Payments Elimination	I
Was relieved on June 1948 and he assumed command on July 1946 .	I
Was appointed Vice-Minister for the Interior , and xia Qifeng also participated in it .	I
A director of the Van Diemen 's Land Company and currie was a founder director of the South Australian Company .	I
In 1972 , the 25-year-old Carrier gave up farming and took a job as an offshore oil worker .	O
Ken Buck said I was to blame , but " The offender admitted he did it .	I
That it will " keep more jobs in America " and buck believes the bill is " fairer for American families . "	I
According to a Buck spokesman , " Ken believes there is global warming but thinks the evidence points to it being natural rather than man-made . "	O
Result in growth of larger assemblies and the individual domains associate with each other .	I
Rivers was raised in Barry 's Bay , Ontario , Canada and is now based out of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .	O
He is a member of the Hand Eye Society and a graduate of the Artsy Games Incubator program .	O
Also embarked on a tour of the United Kingdom and invisible Inc. played clubs in southern Ontario for several years .	I
" This Isn 't Here " ( Universal ) in and as a solo artist , Celia released " Organica " in 2002 2006 .	I
It is trapezoidal in shape , and is built with steel-reinforced concrete .	O
He was detained in Italy due to the effects of syphilis , but the composer was to have come to Munich a year earlier .	I
He married Beatrice Georgina Pope in 1940 ( d . 1997 ) and was survived by their son , Martin George Rudolf ( b .	O
Organisms often have them in multiple copies , and toxin-antitoxin systems are widely distributed in prokaryotes .	I
Could be treated as " junk DNA " and thus , chromosomal toxin-antitoxin systems would serve no purpose .	I
The box front was entirely designed for luggage and every part in the car was interchangeable .	O
Little movement occurs across valleys and most movement occurs through non-forested areas .	I
Operates five plants and today the company owns :	I
Look more like a small rock and he soon synthesized it to be smaller .	I
Unique in the choice of materials and marxhausen ’ s murals were unconventionally built .	I
In 1949 he became a Professor in Theoretical Philosophy at Lund University , and in 1936 he was named a Professor at the University of Gothenburg .	I
The Court of Justice overturned the General Court , and held that prevention of parallel imports was unlawful .	O
Bend Etiopia was created in 1984 , and was the founder Saša Milojević Saraga .	O
Was the only other player elected and mike Piazza finished second at 83.0 % .	I
They can also view the history of their searches and can view encoding menu to choose different characters .	O
" O2 ( Germany ) GmbH & amp ; Co OHG v Commission	O
Has three children , and he is married .	I
Golf course ( redesigned with a new clubhouse in 1974 and victoria Park provides recreational facilities such as cricket pitches , swimming pool ) .	I
The other a more modest gable roof building and the main building being a fine second class building .	I
Has a gable roof and it is sheathed in weatherboard .	I
Still operates in this manner today and in the 1950s it became a hotel .	I
James was Kipling ’ s first patron and assisted him to become a writer .	O
She is almost successful at bringing about her desires , but the arrival of the child Happiness overcomes all disagreements .	O
Her previous Musart albums are " Flor Silvestre " and " Flor Silvestre con el Mariachi México " .	O
It was found by investigators in the countryside near Aroma Park , and another person who owed Edwards money had had a gun stolen .	I
Small 's wrists were handcuffed and the box was buried .	O
That same night , the police arrested Rish and held her at the station for questioning .	O
That of a college hermetically detached from demands of the outside world , and meiklejohn developed a legacy of autocratic treatment of faculty , drastic overspending .	I
Took part in the Save Manapouri campaign in high school and from a young age , Potton had an interest in environmentalism .	I
Nelson 's cinema complex State Cinemas and craig 's father set up Zip Industries .	I
Rollins pushed Sting , knocking him through another broadcast table but during the match , Sting pulled Rollins onto a broadcast table .	I
With Dion Parson and 21st Century Band	O
Has a small gabled roof vent with louvers and the southern block is the men 's toilet block .	I
Was extended in 1907 and the platform is brick faced .	I
A pathway with steps led up through the terraced garden and a full verandah runs along the front ( eastern ) façade .	I
Decking is in poor condition but goods shed : generally good	I
Contribute to the heritage value of the area and the buildings form an important townscape element in Tenterfield .	I
It has also , been cultivated in the US but is thought difficult to get it to bloom .	O
Undamaged by slugs or the iris is untouched .	I
These destroyed two tanks and the ARVN organised hunter-killer teams .	I
His father lost control of himself and killed his son in anger .	O
He married four times and had 29 children .	O
Aft the craft to reverse without turning and " Wa " are proa — vessels with identical bow , allowing .	I
He was born in Lancashire , England , and was the father of William Whitfield II .	O
A lengthy standoff began and the Kouachi brothers remained inside .	I
The remaining staff of " Charlie Hebdo " continued normal weekly publication , and the following issue print run had 7.95 million copies in six languages .	O
Was reported to be his fourth , but this was probably his third wife .	I
It turns us into monsters and we start off as innocent babies .	I
First he found a job in an orthopedy workshop , and later began working in the Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt in Cologne .	O
Originally operated out of a barn , and the store was established in 1875 .	I
Fell into decay and it lost its importance .	I
The decision prompted days of protests and clashes with police in Bujumbura .	O
Then had his own business and he worked for several oil companies .	I
Financial advisor Eddie Hobbs was announced as party president , and later announced that he would not stand for election .	O
Raised in Hawaii and gary Pak was born .	I
Australia has an embassy in Tel Aviv and Israel has an embassy in Canberra .	O
Held a private ceremony in Mexico and in 2017 Jason DeWitt married Rocio DeWitt .	I
Is also good at sports , and he usually admires the Saurers .	I
Joe Girardi was voted N.L , and rookie of the Year Award .	I
The Marlins wound up trading for Arthur Rhodes and instead , Manny Ramírez ended up with the Dodgers .	I
The beach at El Médano ( the Dune ) is entirely natural , but others such as Las Vistas , in Los Cristianos , are artificial .	I
Was home to the collegiate summer Thread City Tides from 1998-2003 and the stadium has also hosted several NCAA Division III regional baseball tournaments .	I
Un stations sometimes added " / 4U " to their national call signs and one added the British Protectorate prefix " / ZC6 " to his .	O
They also held demonstrations in the streets of Tiberias , and the groups of protesters consisted of hundreds of people .	I
Meeks became Edelbrock 's first employee and never worked for anyone else .	O
Occupied it until 1972 when it moved to another campus , and the Great Lakes Bible College acquired the house in 1958 .	I
He was firstly a Liberal-Labour and then Labour Party politician .	O
Test runs took place on the section on 6 September 1842 and it was opened on 19 September of the same year .	O
There are more modern waiting-rooms on the platform , but the entrance building consists of a low-rise building .	I
Turner was born in Lansing in 1850 and married Sophia Porter Scott in 1876 .	O
" The Fox and the Sick Lion	O
Songwriter from the / al Staehely was a singer 1970s .	I
To complete a document , participants apply their signatures and send completed documents to cloud storage for review .	O
Fritz enlisted into the German Luftwaffe in 1939 and would later end up becoming an ace .	O
He agrees and saritha invites him .	I
Dr. Rana finds that Chandni is a good singer and makes her to change into a fashionable woman .	O
The Internship Co-ordinator is Michael Dove and its current Director is Michelle A. Hamilton .	I
In 1870 , L.J , and an inn was built .	I
Developed a taste for poetry , and indarte studied in Buenos Aires .	I
In July Naomie Harris was cast in " Alison 's Story " , and in August Marc Warren was cast in " Kenny 's Story " .	O
The song was written by Ryan Tedder and inflo who also produced the song .	O
Began pursuing aspirations of being a photographer and db dropped out of school at age 16 .	I
We love you more and more each day .	O
Graduated from Edgewater High School in 1967 and segal grew up in Orange County , Florida .	I
Senate President Pro Tempore in and he served as Senate President in 1895 1897 .	I
Even some people that he did not know , and he passed out invitations to everyone he knew .	I
Reacting to somebody else or it 's us just defending ourselves . "	I
A member of the Texas Republican Executive Committee from 1947 to 1952 and bullington was a delegate to eight Republican national conventions from 1928 to 1956 .	I
Pole died in Reading in 1956 and is buried in Little Bedwyn .	O
Heald was unable to secure a regular first team place at Orient , and in March 2004 he was released from his contract to join Rochdale .	O
Extends the company ’ s well intervention capabilities and acquires the " Uncle John " semi-submersible drilling rig .	I
Found at least 12 states introducing legislation to prohibit implementation and although starting as a fast trend , the curriculum lost momentum .	I
Is meant to be integrated across the entire curriculum beginning in kindergarten , and mathematical Modeling is a Standard for Mathematical Practice ( see above ) .	I
The Sunwani are a Bania sub-caste , and are a community associated with trade .	O
The station eventually settled down to competing with FM104 , and the two stations continue to compete to this day .	O
While many eco-investments may be considered socially responsible investments , and vice versa , the two are not mutually inclusive .	O
Instead Falstaff takes him to a brothel , but hamlet tries to get away from Falstaff .	I
It is unknown what it looks like or if it really is a quill .	O
Some of her early novels were serialized in periodicals , and others were issued in book form by German publishers .	O
Böhme ’ s reputation was , and the book was an overnight success secured .	I
The complex was renovated in 2010 and the main statue was re-gilded .	O
It currently belongs to the National Academy of Engineering and is scientific adviser to the presidency of Consist .	O
125 shareholders participated at a cost of $ 250 per share , and during the 1999 growing season the cultivated land was expanded to .	I
The west wing of the building facing platform and there are administrative offices at the north part of the east , I .	I
Neither can Curt , but rich cannot win .	I
Thunderstorm activity continued to pulse over the center , and the inner core of convection became more organized .	O
In 2001 the CSELT 's voice technology group became Loquendo and Alberto Ciaramella became Competitive intelligence supervisor of the company .	O
On December 15 , the return of Eric Stevenson and the new signing of Kadeem Dacres were announced .	O
It has closed as a pub and been converted into residential flats .	O
" Bangladesh Haor and Wetland Development Board	O
Can move into the phloem 's sieve cells but the larger molecules cannot diffuse back to the mesophyll .	I
Dr. Stella Brewer Brookes retired from Clark College after 45 years and received an Honorary Doctor of Letters degree from the college .	O
Funded the Cincinnati Hills Christian and in 1989 , the Lindner family founded Academy .	I
Repin journeyed to see her and nordman died in Orselina in 1914 .	I
He was promoted to General on April 28 , 1797 and he retired by Lyon on April 1 , 1811 .	O
In engineering physics and a B.A .	O
This law broke up the old Jacupiranga State Park and created the Jacupiranga Mosaic with 14 conservation units .	O
Amp M Rattlers basketball & " 2016 – 17 Florida A ; team	I
In 1923 , Tomkins was elected as the union 's chairman and , in 1927 , he became its full-time London organiser .	O
Enjoyed how music pulled people together with love and in high school he played guitar for Young Life .	I
Joined the U. S. Navy to earn a free college education and after high school , he followed in his oldest brother 's footsteps .	I
He took six wins , across two seasons , and finished vice-champion in the standings on both occasions .	O
The first episode aired December 9 , 2015 and new episodes were posted twice a week .	O
Posted as field commander of the X Corps , stationed in Rawalpindi and on 14 August 2013 , Maj-Gen . Bajwa was promoted to three-star rank .	I
In 2017 , Gen. Bajwa received significant political criticism by the political circles and the Islamabad High Court for his political role during the far-right protests .	O
In 2016 , Ballyea won their first ever Clare Senior Hurling Championship and also went on to win the Munster Senior Club Hurling Championship .	O
Is unable to listen to the charges against his brother but norman later confesses to murder ; Dylan visits Norman 's hearing .	I
Finds Norman in the kitchen with Norma 's corpse and after Norman is freed , he goes to the motel .	I
He is also the Asia Pacific Regional Leader for Legal Services , and stuart joined as the Head of KPMG Law in March 2018 .	I
Joined the first team at the age of 16 and born in Novi Sad , Zličić passed Vojvodina youth school .	I
Maheshinder Singh is an Indian politician and belongs to Indian National Congress .	O
His grandfather the historian Edward Barrington de Fonblanque and his paternal great-great-grandfather was the politician John Anthony Fonblanque .	I
Glasgow University granted him a third doctorate ( LLD ) in 1967 and Rhodes granted him a fourth ( also LLD ) in 1976 .	O
Following graduation , she returned to Turkey at the age of 24 , and settled in Bodrum , Muğla Province , in the southwestern Aegean Region .	O
Managed by the owners and it was founded in 2004 .	I
Helladius was a layman and Theophilus a deacon .	O
Died several weeks later in Wernrode as a result of his imprisonment , but he was released in April 1945 following the liberation of the camp .	I
She is the younger sister of Nancy Binay , a current Senator , and the older sister of Junjun Binay , the former mayor of Makati .	O
These pickups can be either passive or active ( require batteries ) .	O
Reunited during the early 2000s , but it split up in 1997 .	I
In 1913 Lodge began work and thorburn recommended Lodge for the commission .	I
The project 's slow pace has been attributed to financial difficulties , as well as administrative changes in the government personnel overseeing the renovations .	O
Moved to its present location in 1996 and the school was established in 1948 near Homewood .	I
First revealed in Zhuhai Air Show , and qw-1m is a development of QW-1 .	I
Associating AAA can be integrated as a network to fight together and the B version incorporates a command vehicle so that several A versions .	I
Other functions from the former temporary structure which fronted the Euston Road and network Rail has redeveloped King 's Cross Station , relocating the ticket hall .	I
Tiffin studied at Columbia and continued to model .	O
Doubly labeled water may be administered by injection , or orally ( the usual route in humans ) .	O
Are assembled by Deftech at Pekan , Pahang and the ACV-300s are equipped with a 25mm Sharpshooter Turret .	I
Jack " settles on rodeo as an of the Western ideal " and she said both men were " beguiled by the cowboy myth , expression .	I
Ennis visits Jack 's parents in Lightning Flat , Wyoming and offers to take Jack 's ashes to Brokeback Mountain .	O
The district court subsequently agreed with Gruender 's reasoning and freed the school district from federal desegregation monitoring .	O
Riders exit the station and climb a hill .	O
Later began airing on Teletoon starting on November 19 , 2005 , and the show first aired on CITV from September 10 , 2005 .	I
Escambia High School opened for the 1958 – 59 school year , and its first graduating class in 1959 was composed of 207 students .	O
He was welcomed into the student body by the school administration , and was assigned an escort to introduce him to the white students .	O
Students could theoretically leave whenever they wanted to , and doors at the Orthogenic School were always unlocked .	I
He received his Ph.D. in 1969 in philosophy from Boston University and is president emeritus of the California Institute of Integral Studies .	O
Faulty wiring was blamed , and no one was injured .	I
The school was founded in 1915 and has been accredited since 1921 .	O
His entire family was executed , and the people lamented for them .	O
Their trips were largely uneventful , and the companies made good time .	I
Clogged with floating ice and the stream temperature was frigid .	I
Has several mood swings during the play , and she has just started her first period .	I
Qifu Chipan beheaded Tufa Rutan 's messengers and sent their heads to Chang 'an .	O
Qifu Chipan was now the undisputed heir , and he claimed the title Prince of Henan .	O
Put it under siege and he quickly arrived at Ledu .	I
Hunt for food at night and most owls sleep during the day .	I
Russell farts and she wakes up .	I
Weeping in the kitchen and instead , she was sitting .	I
The ACO opened its entry list to IMSA-category cars as well as NASCAR racers to encourage American participation .	O
With its Garrett turbo , it could produce 500 bhp and reach 335 kp / h ( 210 mph ) .	O
The two highways retained their numbers under the primary numbering system in 1937 and were combined to form SR 28 during the 1964 state highway renumbering .	O
Is home to over 200 software companies , and bangalore is India 's Information Technology hub .	I
It is a fast growing city and turning into a technology hub .	O
The Southern Naval Command of India has its headquarters in Kochi , and the Southern Air Command headquarters is in Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) .	O
Rice is the major food crop and staple food of the Telangana .	O
At this time , he also grew increasingly cruel , but the campaign against Jin showcased Helian Bobo 's abilities .	I
A community of practice has formed to address this deficiency , but presently such a program does not exist in the community .	I
Predictable menstrual cycles and this will induce regular .	I
The hottest months are from June to September , and the coldest months are from January to March .	O
Rose reveals the Island has healed her , and the couple reunite midway through season two .	I
During his reign , Northern Yan largely maintained its territorial integrity but made no headway against the much stronger rival Northern Wei .	O
Was scheduled to be broadcast in France and the program also aired in the United Kingdom .	I
Methods to evolve enzymes were developed in the 1990s and brought the technique to a wider scientific audience .	O
She competed in the 2011 Ironman Canada competition but missed the bike cut-off by 2 minutes .	O
Women make up 47 % of the class , and the average age of admitted students is 24 .	I
Traveled through great storms and the people launched the vessels .	I
Ahah was sinful , and reigned only briefly .	O
He watched the people from afar , and documented the events on metal plates .	O
Shiz pursued Coriantumr to the seashore and gave battle for three days .	O
The nation is destroyed and ultimately , the wicked prevail .	I
However , over time , Gallagher changed his mind , and in the end the Brothers did not remix it .	O
Few children have been born or raised since the attack .	O
Gives birth to a stillborn child and heavily pregnant Jane finds a makeshift hospital .	I
A quorum of seven states met and deliberations began on May 25 .	O
Further compromises were effected , and details were attended to .	I
Does it place specific limitations on government action , nor it neither assigns powers to the federal government .	I
Amendment making power rested with the legislature in three of the states and in the other five it was given to specially elected conventions .	O
Prevents the use of illegally obtained evidence at and it also imposes certain limitations on police investigating a crime trial .	I
Must instead arrange for a special election to fill the vacancy , but moreover , the State Governor may not appoint a temporary replacement .	I
Are now part of the Constitution and twenty-seven of these amendments have been ratified .	I
Only on a content-neutral basis , but the government may restrain broadcasters .	I
The right of access to the courts is indeed but one aspect of the right of petition . "	O
Which of these considerations were thought of as most important and ultimately found expression in the Second Amendment is disputed .	O
The phrase " ... , or to the people . "	O
A few states continued statewide prohibition after 1933 , but by 1966 all of them had abandoned it .	O
Likewise fewer liver-related medical problems and there were fewer hospitalizations for alcoholism .	I
Southwestern Utah is the lowest and hottest spot in Utah .	O
Snowfall is common in all but the far southern valleys .	O
Does not impose an inheritance tax and utah does not charge intangible property taxes .	I
The LDS Church discontinued plural marriage in 1890 , and in 1896 Utah gained admission to the Union .	O
Play their home matches at Rio Tinto Stadium in Sandy and real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer was founded in 2005 .	I
The British monarch is its Supreme Governor and it retains a representation in the UK Parliament .	I
Has been associated with Winston Churchill 's defiance of Nazi Germany and the bulldog is sometimes used as a symbol of the United Kingdom .	I
... " The Strain " is a competently constructed piece of entertainment , and I 'll give it bonus points for shaking up some vampire clichés .	O
It reopened in May 2009 in a slightly different location , and plans were made to reopen the park starting in 2007 .	I
Now rarely used and it is highly toxic .	I
The deck armor was thick , and the command post had armor .	O
Salin was born in Hollywood , California and raised in San Rafael , California .	O
Nasa must also be reoriented toward its basic research function , and more government services should be bought from the private sector .	O
Was employed by the museum until he retired in 1942 , and he became the Curator of Paleontology at the Field Museum .	I
Well as video documentation as the museum provides interactive exhibits .	I
Two years later , Whaley went back to New York and married Anna Eloise Delaunay on August 14 , 1853 .	O
Corrine Lillian was engaged at the time of her sister 's death , but her fiancé broke off the engagement due to the scandal it raised .	O
Gave instructions to launch to restore the church and in July 2011 Van Governor Munir Karaloğlu visited the site works .	I
Only featured Mario in the capacity of a cameo and these games did not use the " Mario " branding .	I
Live Nation issued a statement denying any wrongdoing and vowing to " vigorously defend " itself .	O
Nine were absent and there were eleven abstentions .	I
Became a brigadier general of militia in 1861 and he was also active in the Kansas State Militia .	I
Used as a holiday destination and the island is now privately owned .	I
The simplest is to look for headers , but this can be done in different ways .	I
Decided by the " Realgemeinde " , i.e and matters of importance that only affected Becklingen were discussed .	I
Is similar to that of a recording studio and the acoustic technology was developed especially for the theater .	I
This group split with the parent body in 1973 and set up " Theater Academy " in Pune .	O
Joined the new " Baltischen Rasensport Verband " on 26 January 1908 and the " Verband Königsberger Ballspiel Vereine " was formed on 3 September 1904 .	I
Is set apart from previous practices by a more structured theological philosophy , and the style of Shinto surrounding Miwa became later known as Miwa Shinto .	I
Its appearance was not spoilt but in 1881 it was widened by .	I
He made his debut for Venezuela in 2005 and has made 25 appearances , scoring no goals	O
Result in a nationally recognised qualification , or some WACE units may contribute to .	I
These two sections are run by the same administrator and form the main part of the High School .	O
The encoding used fits zero to three operands , " and the number of operands " , into 11 bits .	O
Created extensive media coverage at the time and this was a first in the Idols competition .	I
Was rated at Number 28 in the overall 5FM 2009 singles and the single On The Run went to Number 1 on Radio Stations .	I
Its first flight was on 25 February 2005 , and was delivered 2 months later to the airline .	O
They proceeded to beat the Islanders 7 , and that changed the momentum in favor of the Oilers – 2 .	I
Is owned by iHeartMedia ( formerly Clear Channel Communications ) , and the station serves Sioux City , Iowa , United States .	I
Were held by the Pakistan Army , and both forts are in South Waziristan .	I
More than two dozen militants were captured and a large weapons cache was found .	O
The military had regained control of the region and on 14 June , the operation was declared over .	I
The military started mopping up operations and only small pockets of Taliban resistance remained .	I
Raised in Niagara Falls and kerschl was born in Toronto .	I
In 1973 , they moved to Quito , Ecuador and in 1971 , the family moved to Lima , Peru .	I
Chilean players later clashed with police outside the stadium and were detained for several hours before being released .	O
The Wisconsin Highway Commission approved the route in 1948 and the first paving project was completed in 1950 .	O
Smith 's first professional comics writing job was with Pacific Comics , but the company went out of business prior to publishing the story .	O
An opening ceremony took place on January 7 , 2010 and a construction groundbreaking ceremony took place on April 14 , 2009 .	I
In 1945 , she was transferred to the Soviet Union and served in the Soviet Navy after that as T-276 .	O
" Method " departed Lorain , Ohio , on 12 July 1944 and steamed via the St. Lawrence River to Little Creek , Virginia .	O
" Tears to Tiara Anecdotes " was released on September 17 , 2009 and like the enhanced port , it is for the PlayStation 3 platform .	O
It is set in the same world as its predecessor , but features new main characters designed by dōjinshi artist Tatami Honjō .	O
Withdrew after stage 8 which led to l 'Alpe d 'Huez , but a year later he would make his Tour de France debut .	I
In 1945 , she was transferred to the Soviet Union and served in the Soviet Navy after that as T-277 .	O
Then continued on to New York City on 3 January 1945 and " Mirth " arrived in Virginia at the end of December 1944 .	I
Rotary-wing aircraft from all military services and they also control air attacks of fixed- .	I
She decides to make her own living and she has always been happier as a commoner .	I
The construction of Governmental House of Baku has started in 1934 , but the beginning of the Second World War ceased the construction operation .	O
Promoted to his present title of " distinguished professor " in 1999 , and he became a professor of physics at University of Florida in 1980 .	I
Bower was injured before game four and Sawchuk had to replace him .	O
Were installed as 13 5 by , and the Leafs had finished first in the regular season – favourites oddsmakers .	I
In 2000 , he co-founded the Cleveland Soccer Academy and spent five years coaching the Girls Premier team .	O
Awarding Berman $ 360,000 in damages , and a jury trial granted both requests .	I
A stable full of horses and he had nine types of carriages .	I
Two songs from " The June EP " , " OK Corral " and " You Had It Coming " , were re-recorded during these sessions .	O
Holcroft was the nephew of the first Baronet of the 1905 creation and like his uncle was a benefactor to the University of Birmingham .	O
Repeated in full on Teacher 's TV at the end of 2007 , and 'stepping Up ' was broadcast on Five in the spring of 2004 .	I
Was acoustically engineered and the building was purpose-built .	I
The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1965 , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .	O
The freestanding installations can be circumnavigated and read in a dramaturgical sequence .	O
Is about northeast of the town of Amesbury and the camp is close to the village of Bulford .	I
Was disbanded on the formation of HQ Land Command in 1995 , but headquarters South West District was established at the camp in 1972 .	I
She later takes over the body of Marco 's mother , Eva , and fakes her own death to fulfil her duties as the lead Visser .	O
Had Super League experience with the Warrington Wolves , and gaskell had previously played for the Leigh Centurions .	I
Took refuge in a mosque and abbakka Rani , however , escaped .	I
His preferred position is in the Second-row but doran has played in a number of positions .	I
Lady Dering died 20 October 1704 and was also buried at Pluckley .	O
It amounted to de facto diplomatic recognition and opened a period of extensive trade .	O
The Soviets followed sixteen days later , and germany invaded Poland on 1 September .	I
A new Myer department store was proposed but was abandoned by a company restructure .	O
It was built in 1744 as a summer residence , but it became the family 's year-round residence in 1793 .	O
Gave him some money to go to Paris and she confesses that she convinced Barnley to continue living .	I
Gal first began working with Toto in 2006 and the pair started to compete in 2008 .	O
Has moved to the Skylight venues on the west side , and nada New York has since moved its dates to March .	I
Praised the production values as " impeccable " " and lowing described the film as " enormous fun .	I
Half the elements are in the min PQ and the other half in the max PQ .	O
He has not made his debut in the Liga Indonesia but he made his debut in the Piala Indonesia against Persires Rengat .	I
Got many other students interested in theatre and momen encouraged him to read George Bernard Shaw .	I
Established the humorous publication " Fliegende Blätter " , and he became associated with Friedrich Schneider in 1843 .	I
Became the first Chair of the All Wales Social Enterprise Network and in 1999 , the Centre began working with social enterprises in Wales .	I
Converted it into an auto repair shop and two local auto mechanics bought the carriage house .	I
Has some folds and the epidermis is yellow-green .	I
He paired up with Begünhan Ünsal of Turkey and won bronze in the mixed team event .	O
Two years later , she remarried and settled in Lancaster , California .	O
Earned the starring role in a local play and in the mid-1950s , she became interested in acting .	I
A few left the group , and some of them privately mourned .	I
Some time after that Maria was taken in by her brother , and in 1542 , the Anabaptists were declared heretics in the Netherlands .	I
However , in 1987 the organization Libéma bought the park and with this new owner the park started evolving again .	O
Was inaugurated on 3 May 1974 and it was designed by Carmelo Rodríguez Borrella .	I
Handled the public health emergencies posed by the Chicago fire of 1871 and he brought attention to public health problems posed by cemeteries in large cities .	I
Württembergische AG & sponsors are Wüstenrot .	I
" United States Post Office and Immigration Station – Nogales Main	O
This role reports directly to the President and the President 's Chief of Staff .	O
Took over the family farm in 1904 , and he took some education in his district .	I
It was the second election for all 32 Scottish councils and the first after a major review into all wards .	O
Graduated in 1999 from studio of professor Zdeněk Beran and in 1992 he enrolled Academy of Fine Arts in Prague .	I
Yayati obeys his order and moves towards Ayodhya .	O
Both of them collide with each other and then a huge universal destruction occurs .	O
Belong to Pancha-Gauda Brahmins and saurashtrians are originally Gauda Brahmins .	I
" andhiyaeshti " in the Saurashtrian " or death rituals are termed as " abarakkirigai community .	I
He , along with A. Vaidyanatha Iyer , organised a temple entry conference and helped the people of the depressed classes to enter Meenakshi Amman Temple .	O
It was broadcast by VPRO on Nederland 2 on 7 April 2008 , and was made available for viewing on its YouTube channel the same year .	O
His mother a nurse and his father was a policeman .	I
Copies were selling on eBay the following day for $ 75 , but the EP was sold for around US $ 10 – 20 .	I
Moved in 1835 and later destroyed .	O
Fontaine du Gros-Caillou , or Fontaine de Mars .	O
His widow inherited the property , and settled down in San José .	O
Indo-zambia Bank is a significant employer in the communities that it serves and is an active participant in Corporate Social Responsibility activities in Zambia .	O
Ultimately imprisoned at Guantanamo with killing a US soldier and omar Khadr was taken captive in Pakistan at the age of 15 , charged .	I
He was held in a maximum security prison and transferred in 2014 to a medium-security one .	O
Among the upper middle class ( 5.4 % ) ) and altamira polled best among the poor ( 7.9 % .	I
Did not compete that year but jim Courier was the defending champion .	I
Tall end chimneys with decorative concrete caps at several different locations , and there is a Porte-cochère on the north side of the house .	I
Is killed by the Yeti and tom sneaks off to go hunting .	I
There are laws against related activities but there are no federal laws against prostitution .	I
Transferred to Coffeyville Community College but he originally signed with Auburn University .	I
Often flew own-built planes and lyle was a private pilot .	I
In 1925 , Erich divorced and married Mathilde in Tutzing .	O
He did not initially formally turn against Tang , but made an ultimatum demanding Li Guangbi 's death .	O
Prone to kill , terrorizing his army and at this time Shi was described as cruel .	I
Released two demos that year and it formed in Oslo during 1992 .	I
Garfield also rented the house to the Ecuador Embassy and later to the British Embassy 's air attache .	O
They brought eleven players to the game , but a fullback became ill before the game .	O
Was released on DVD in October 2011 , and the film generally received a positive response .	I
Introduces herself as " the answer and the woman from House 's earlier hallucination returns " .	I
To become a separate school on the shared campus in Fall 2014 and bacis was scheduled to open as a Small Learning Community in Fall 2013 .	I
The series was never picked up for broadcast , but the pilot was directed by P. J. Hogan .	I
Voiced the virtual reality production " Spheres of Spacetime " and in 2018 , Chastain hosted an episode of " Saturday Night Live : Songs " .	I
Chastain is an animal lover , and has adopted a rescue dog .	O
To many of its members John Howison is a hero and it is still the form of the Church of Scotland today .	I
He objected on principal , claiming Bishops were against the Word of God but he claimed that Mr Montgomery was an unfit person to lead Christians .	O
Now the magazine is edited and created solely by Humai .	O
Announced their breakup in 2013 and the band was formed in 2007 .	I
Would be going on for a week and the auction began just after the episode aired .	I
13-year-old Minerva Clark lives in Portland , Oregon and is being raised by her three brothers .	O
Here he painted Milka Trnina for the Metropolitan Opera and also left several works for the Croatian diaspora .	O
Credit cards are accepted in larger establishments in almost all countries , and are available with a variety of credit limits , repayment arrangements .	O
A MasterCard has the letters MC across the front of the card and a Visa card has a letter V superimposed over the regular Visa logo .	I
Chase stopped the practice in November 2007 and citibank voluntarily stopped this practice in March 2007 .	I
Sudip finally returned to Mohun Bagan in 1991 and retired at the end of 1992 season .	O
It has a " rotten " 7 % rating at Rotten Tomatoes and it earned just $ 2.3 million in its opening US weekend .	O
Staehle currently serves as the Executive Director of The Thing and is represented by the Postmasters Gallery in New York .	O
She is able to manipulate men to achieve her goals , and finds a man who is in charge of an orphanage .	O
As a result , Claude was unable to bat and only bowled three overs without claiming a wicket .	O
The team ran Yamaha motorcycles from to and was called Red Bull Yamaha WCM .	O
She then burglarizes their home and ends up in prison .	O
Leo does not die in the barn , and season 1 finale shows Erica rewriting history .	I
The image has been rendered and parodied in many forms .	O
Swore an oath of loyalty to the king and on 31 January 1925 , he wrote in repent :	I
It was the last Vulcan in military service , and the last to fly at all after 1986 .	O
Only few players continued their international career under the blue-yellow flag and the Prokopenko 's team however fell apart by the end of 1992 .	I
Do not require retransmission of lost data packets but streaming transactions are similar in format to block transactions .	I
He died at an advanced age in Providence , and is buried in the North Burial Ground there .	O
It was aimed at the private market and was quite advanced for its day .	O
Adam Sol was born in New York and raised in New Fairfield , Connecticut .	O
He attended local public schools and briefly attended Baker University .	O
Then southwards near Eisdorf just a few kilometres west of the Harz and in Osterode the river bends northwest , only to swing westwards near Badenhausen .	I
In the Dubai World Cup , he was boxed in and then went to the far outside , finishing fourth .	O
He was considered a moderate , but supported Reagan 's tax cuts .	O
2.5 million standard cubic metres of gas per day and the production capacity was 140,000 barrels of oil per day .	I
Co-founded Third Rail , a series of gallery shows and meanwhile , RISK had started putting his graffiti on canvases .	I
She sold her lands in Renfrewshire and purchased lands contiguous with Skelmorlie .	O
Eventually , he started to license his name and expand into cheaper , more affordable clothing .	O
It is the subject of numerous legends " and its occitan name is " puèg Gerjant .	I
One of them was the Hilton Hotels Stakes and the other was the Melbourne Cup itself .	O
She is far from unbiased in the representation of the case and susan turns out to have strong feeling about racially motivated sex crimes .	I
It served as a convent and was also a school .	O
The only species in the genus Kamera and kamera lens is a unicellular , flagellate organism .	I
A founder of the Métis Nation of Ontario and suzanne Rochon-Burnett , CM , O.Ont was a businesswoman .	I
Rene Bourque is a professional ice hockey player in the NHL and first cousin of North American Native Boxing Champion Wayne Bourque .	O
The 10th Annual Tour de Kingston was scheduled and held on Sunday June 28 , 2015 .	O
It was a rainy day and the expectations were lowered .	O
He also praised the supporting cast and particularly the Ron Swanson subplot .	O
Her uncle , Charlie Hampton , was a Central High School standout and kym attributes her athletic ability to her father 's side of the family .	I
They had guns and people came from various places . "	I
Asked forgiveness of the victims and ex-leaders of the URNG also apologized .	I
Long-time friend of Ann who briefly dated Leslie and justin Anderson ( Justin Theroux ) is a lawyer .	I
A major political figure in Pawnee 's school system and marlene Griggs-Knope ( Pamela Reed ) is Leslie 's mother .	I
The divorce proceedings begin in " Tom 's Divorce " , and Tom continued to pretend he is alright with the arrangement .	O
Jessica made major alterations to the historic mansion , and Leslie unsuccessfully tried to intervene to stop her .	O
The two met when Marlene was 18 years old and Frank , a lifeguard , saved her life .	O
Did not accept it due to this pact but leslie was offered the parks director job in Eagleton .	I
The ventral gunner was given a remotely-controlled turret and the defensive armament 's gun turrets were electrically powered .	I
As dean of the law faculty at the University of Southampton and she has served on the law faculty at the University of Sydney .	I
He was inundated with phone calls from people offering to help and although Ayland had not said so , people responded to the article .	I
In the CONCACAF Gold Cup , Alvarado was included in the squad and replaced Keylor Navas as a first choice goalkeeper following his injury .	O
Contains his greatest hits and it was released in 1999 .	I
Faced with a debt of eight lakh rupees and the state was devastated by the famine of 1877 .	I
General Wu Sien betrayed him and turned to attack Gaoxu .	O
The station building is unmanned and has automatic ticket machines .	O
The boys convince their future nephews to be active and in return are given the tool they need .	O
Broke down the door anyway and officers showed up a bit later .	I
Some stems have leaves higher up , but most of the leaves are basal .	I
Mainly in private collections and her pictures are principally landscapes .	I
Leslie seems to move on from her romantic interest in Mark and begins dating police officer Dave Sanderson ( Louis C.K. ) .	O
They initially arrange to marry at a black tie event they planned and executed to raise money for the future park at Pawnee Commons .	O
North American flowering plants in the daisy family and leibnitzia ( sunbonnets ) is a genus of Asian .	I
Shetty joined the Indian National Congress in 1975 and has been an active member ever since .	O
In Physics , at the University of Chicago in 1968 , and a Ph.D. , at the University of Chicago in 1973 .	O
This extinct marine species was found in Pleistocene strata in the Galapagos Islands and in Quaternary strata of Ecuador ; age range : 5.332 to 0.012 Ma	O
Uhde needed 101 votes and all 200 MPs were present .	I
Robin Söderling is certainly no exception and most people love Paris in the spring .	I
Won via TKO in the second round and in the opening round he faced Tim Welch .	I
She died on May 27 , 1904 , and is buried at Quaker Cemetery , Chappaqua .	O
Spent 2016 as a backup to Davis Webb and he redshirted his first year at California in 2015 .	I
Was baptized on 6 November 1726 and of James Pringle of Torwoodlee , Selkirk .	I
Was then renamed in 2017 after joining with the men 's club , but the club was originally founded in 2003 as FCF Val d 'Orge .	I
Later , she married and had three children .	O
Stayed with the library as curator of aeronautical literature and in 1953 , he retired as full colonel in 1953 .	I
Appointed Recorder of East Looe in 1754 and he was also mayor of East Looe again .	I
The discoverer of several of the Vermont marble quarries and her father , Charles White , was a pioneer geologist .	I
Was later inducted into the Tennessee Walking Horse Hall of Fame and thompson was the first president of the Walking Horse Trainers ' Association .	I
She dropped out of politics and died after falling ill .	O
In 1940 he was also appointed an Inspector of Ancient Monuments in England but could not take on this role due to the Second World War .	O
After her success in XFC , Botelho vacated the title and was signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship in 2016 .	O
Was last listed in 1811 and she apparently returned to British hands .	I
On 9 September 2015 , Dadashov debuted for German U-17 team and played 15 matches with 13 goals during the next year .	O
Destroyed sometime after 1923 and it was deactivated in 1874 .	I
Ball sport that a popular U.S. pastime and first , it was instead baseball , another summertime bat , became .	I
These sidings became known as " Neilson 's Sidings " and were still known by this name into the 1990s .	O
In addition , she personally shot a valuable Gestapo informant , and transmitted underground information about traitors who worked with the Gestapo .	O
A specialist of Mozart , and was a French musicologist .	I
Obtained his philosophy degree in Nancy and jean-victor Hocquard graduated from Metz high school .	I
Point Scorer and top Try	I
The name was later criticized for being too feminine and for not reflecting the identity of Prussian Lithuanians .	O
Often reduced to thorns , and basal leaflets are smaller .	I
By 1971 most of the buildings had been demolished , and the station was closed completely on 6 January 1964 .	I
In a deteriorating condition , but it is still standing .	I
She developed an infection during the course of examination , and died peacefully on 26 December 1992 , aged 67 .	O
Flooring Canada & flooring America	I
Construction began in August 1991 and ended five years later .	O
Both plan to overthrow Vikraman and bommanna rescues him from the prison .	I
Studies show it can reduce the risk of systemic reactions , and as mentioned , fire ant venom immunotherapy is occasionally used .	I
Was Governor of Worcester in 1646 and washington fought in the English Civil War .	I
He is a regular in Doordarshan and other TV Channels as well .	O
Arjun limps toward Lisa , embraces her with all his might and begins reciting the Hanuman Chalisa , torturing the evil spirit .	O
Has three grandchildren and he lives in Maryland .	I
She studied at Hainan University , and currently serves in Hainan government .	O
The Trumpet Concerto No , but 2 in C major .	I
However , her score on beam was the highest , and she qualified to the beam final in seventh place .	O
The Betsimisaraka make up approximately fifteen percent of the Malagasy people and are the second largest group in Madagascar after the Merina .	O
Power almost beyond I know " and john Ruskin labeled the poem " in animal spirit ... anything .	I
The sea lion can 't do it right , but the next act is playing the organ pipe .	I
Ended on May 4 , 2007 and filming started on January 22 , 2007 .	I
I think some elements could have been done better , [ but ] I think this film deserves a solid three stars .	O
The opposition youth group Generation Wave copied and distributed the film as anti-Tatmadaw propaganda .	O
Are more commonly 8 20 but the fronds can reach 40 cm in length – cm .	I
There are decorated porches on three sides , and the second story windows have round-arch tops .	I
Prather became a personal trainer with LA Fitness and lived in San Diego County , California .	O
Arriving there on 25 May 1942 , she relieved the seaplane tender and began tending seaplanes of Patrol Wing 3 ( PatWing 3 ) .	O
The second floor feature a Palladian window , and the roof is shingled in fish-scale slate .	O
Cannot therefore have any effect in the case , and the allegation of fraud has not been proven .	I
Somalia in 1993 , and Haiti in 1994 .	O
Opposed Democratic efforts towards troop withdrawal and he supported a new strategy in Iraq .	I
The Russian Empire , but not the Soviet Union . "	I
He called for arming the Free Syrian Army with heavy weapons and for the establishment of a no-fly zone over the country .	O
Drove 39 runs in and he hit two home runs .	I
He is later mutated by the bad Mojo transmitted by the NV and runs off , leaving a mutated Coco to fend off Crash .	O
In 2001 the Tasmanian Devils Football Club was formed and competed in the Victorian Football League until 2008 .	O
( Campaign Contributions and Spending Limits .	O
Spending Limits and ( Campaign Contributions .	I
20 games for Northumberland in the Minor Counties Trophy , and he played 64 Minor Counties Championship games for Northumberland .	I
Shut down its operations in February , 2017 and bramson ORT lost its accreditation January 10 , 2017 .	I
Lieurance married , in 1917 , Edna Woolley , and she took part in his recital tours thereafter .	O
He also scored three times and drove in one run .	O
They are opened during the climbing mountain season , and there are some mountain huts in the surrounding .	I
He was drafted in 1943 and honorably discharged in 1945 .	O
Interact with each other throughout the film , but these four stories are nominally separate vignettes .	I
Nelson was also deeply interested in the factors that control human disease and was an adviser to the World Health Organization for many years .	O
Keep to the right to merge onto Rousseaux Street and from Highway 403 take the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway exit .	I
His love served to implement the task with ease and his heart was large enough to house Shiva 's temple .	I
" Badger " was paid off at Jamaica in May 1782 , and was sold there in June the following year for £ 2,050 .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
The grassland sparrow is a robust species with a large head and a short tail , with a total length of about .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Both parents attend to the feeding of the hatchlings and no details are known of its breeding success .	O
Named after the South Australian Surveyor General George Woodroffe Goyder , and andrews in 1874 around the Macumba River at Lake Eyre .	I
Females are slightly smaller overall and have a finer bill .	O
It was recorded in 1985 , but wasn 't released until 1996 .	O
The Maratha Vidyaprasarak Samaj high school and schools are the Gram Panchayat primary school .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Is included in " A. vaalensis " and " A. longicaudatus " is an invalid taxon .	I
Its lower mandible has a pinkish base , and the buffy pipit has a pale supercilium .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
The song is series of rapid chipping notes and these can go on for long periods .	O
) , Indian silk cotton tree and Indian coral tree for nectar .	O
It joins through the neck with a white throat , and the collar , which is erectable , is white .	I
The bill is blue-grey , and the legs are black .	O
Sexes differ markedly in colour and also in immature plumage .	O
In this world , magical energy called Growshu , fills the air and people called Growsians can potentially wield magic like in ancient times .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Later , he took over management of the foundry at which he apprenticed and changed the name of the organization to " Matsuda Pump Partnership " .	O
The unprofitable cork business ceased , and Matsuda focused on tool manufacturing .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
They hang out a lot and he is tight with Vanilla Ice .	I
Has a much lower propensity for mechanical failure than other clarifiers and the system therefore requires no energy input except for the influent pump .	I
All other tracks were composed and performed by Shunsuke Kikuchi .	O
Maggie was portrayed by Elizabeth Hendrickson , and bianca was portrayed by Eden Riegel .	I
Some time later decides to confront Maggie about her feelings , and bianca later provides comfort for Maggie when Leo is killed .	I
Bianca is left further devastated , but still voices to wanting Maggie .	O
He kicked two goals , one behind , and was one of Collingwood 's best players :	O
Had his least-productive power-hitting season launching only 4 home , but during the season , Torres played in a career-high 138 games , runs .	I
Was incorporated with a martial arts routine during halftime , and the song was also used during walk-ins , timeouts .	I
His earliest known specimens are now held in the National Museums Liverpool and were collected in 1898 when he was 15 years of age .	O
Initially the division was commanded by SS-Oberführer Waldemar Fegelein , but in March he was replaced by SS-Standartenführer Karl Gesele .	O
The château now is the property of the municipality of Woluwe-Saint-Lambert and is primarily used for cultural activities , exhibitions , etc .	O
Highest-charting album to date and it is McCutcheon 's biggest-selling .	I
The outer tail-feathers are white and the legs are pinkish-brown .	O
Are incubated for 11 days and three to five eggs are laid .	I
Maria Gartman as one of its first instructors , and there Anna Sablariolles was registered as first pupil .	I
Related series : " Boston Legal " and " Boston Public " < br >	O
Pornography is available in print magazines , but is mainly consumed using the internet .	O
The Indian Economic Service was constituted on 1 November 1961 and the Service Rules were notified on the same date .	O
Originally , he first donned the costume and began fighting crime as an adult .	O
A passing motorist finds the uninjured child and takes it to the local orphanage .	O
Clark 's adoptive parents are not mentioned at all and jor-el is not mentioned by name in this first cartoon .	I
" Superman Returns " utilized footage of Marlon Brando as Jor-El , and nearly identical set design for Kryptonian structures as the 1978 film .	O
When he reaches adulthood , Clark develops his abilities and becomes a nomad , saving people in secret .	O
The Cortina d 'Ampezzo - Calalzo di Cadore in 1964 and the Cortina d 'Ampezzo - Toblach part was closed in 1962 .	I
The population was 291 at the 2000 census but declined 9 percent to 269 in 2010 .	O
They also cover the contributions of blacks and Creoles of color to the community .	O
The average household size was 2.54 , and the average family size was 3.26 .	O
The old restaurant building was demolished in 2016 , but is commemorated with a plaque in the sidewalk .	O
Well as French-speaking Creoles born in the colony , as the post was initially settled by native French .	I
Received its charter two years later , and the city was reincorporated in 1892 .	I
The median family income was $ 30,833 , and the median household income was $ 22,917 .	I
Its structural integrity was compromised , and then the oil spill occurred .	O
The average household size was 2.57 , and the average family size was 3.04 .	O
Several nearby plantations attempted the German Coast Uprising and in early January 1811 , slaves at Woodland Plantation .	I
Krotz even bottled the water , selling it throughout the country and the spring was used to supply water for the developing sawmill town .	I
St. Louis for much of the 19th century and washington was the largest inland port between New Orleans .	I
The median household income was $ 12,177 , and the median family income was $ 17,727 .	O
Breaux Bridge was officially incorporated in 1859 , and a church parish was created in 1847 .	I
The territory was not closed to outsiders , and several traders roamed through it on business .	O
Well as a major part of the current community as the Chitimacha are an important part of Charenton 's history .	I
Revamped for live theatre in 1993 and teche Theater ( founded 1939 as a cinema ) :	I
The war ended November 11 , 1918 , and three of the ships were not completed .	O
The other candidate is substitute teacher & current Alderwoman , Lora Curtrer .	O
The city became a major suburb of New Orleans , and this nearly tripled Slidell 's population over ten years .	I
The median family income was $ 29,120 , and the median household income was $ 25,108 .	I
The doors were battered in , and the blue-coated soldiers rushed in .	O
There was no admission ; the snack bar and curio shop sought to finance the operation .	O
The 4,000 whites controlled parish and city politics for decades .	O
Charged for profiting from traffic tickets and police chief Miles Perkins was also arrested .	I
The average household size was 2.47 , and the average family size was 3.13 .	O
The median family income was $ 37,197 , and the median household income was $ 29,202 .	I
Easy to know and they are so friendly .	I
Operates under the Lawrason Act form of government and the City of Port Allen was incorporated in 1916 .	I
The Fiske is open Thursday , Friday , and Saturday nights , with a Sunday-afternoon matinee .	O
Built impressive Victorian homes such as the Wolf-Schlessinger and becoming successful merchants , they provided credit when the banks failed , House .	I
Died before he could assume office but he was elected to Congress in 1960 .	I
Hall of Fame and louisiana Political Museum	I
Mcmahon Elementary , Lewiston Middle School , and Lewiston High School serve the area .	O
The rematch was originally planned to be held in Boston , but was halted by Massachusetts boxing authorities due to licensing issues .	O
He was a Major in the Continental Army , and major Thomas Fish went to war in 1775 .	I
In 1820 the State of Maine was officially separated from Massachusetts , and at that time the name Bridgewater was applied to the Township .	O
It recently marked its 20th anniversary , and is read throughout the United States .	O
The 1880s saw the appearance of the Methodists and the Free Will Baptists--also the Odd Fellows .	O
The median family income was $ 35,375 , and the median household income was $ 27,083 .	I
She could not forbid her daughter 's frequent visits at Buckingham House , but to prevent ill consequence of them , she often accompanied her thither .	O
Also torments his parents by his immoral behavior , but the fourth one is the only normal one .	I
Tolkien chose the name for its similarity to ' chubby ' , but the actual English surname refers to a type of river fish .	O
Construction continued into the Roman period , but this Heraion was never wholly finished .	O
Non-motorised traffic still uses the old route and rejoins the A249 on the island .	O
Two Swedish championships with IFK Göteborg and he won the UEFA Cup in 1987 .	I
Similarly , there was also a possibility of vertical deviations and , again , Eupalinos could not take a chance .	O
Not necessary at the same level as the but eupalinos levelled around the mountain probably following a contour line tunnel .	I
Bulleteer is the only survivor , but guardian arrives on the scene .	I
Many passengers survived the initial impact and died in the resulting fire .	O
Hasselt promoted to Second Division and stayed there till 1933 .	O
The ESU 's International Headquarters is located in London , and there are over 50 national ESUs around the world .	O
In 1953 the World Scout Conference took place in Vaduz and a special Scout stamp was issued for this event .	O
Mcmanus won it back in April 1971 , but faulkner regained the title belt in September .	I
" The Byrds of Paradise " " and " , " The American Embassy .	I
There are various types of retirement communities older adults can choose from , and new types of retirement communities are being developed as the population ages .	O
Depends on what evidence one interprets , and his date of death is disputed .	I
Bannerman gives 1270 , but barrow gives 1272 .	I
Only 26 kids could walk , and only a few could talk .	O
Ruger participated in Reconstruction as the military governor of Georgia and in the Freedmen 's Bureau in Alabama in 1868 .	O
A member of the British HSBC Group and hsbc Finance Corporation is a financial services company .	I
Elevation of and 25 degrees W .	I
Bouchard is of French and Syrian Lebanese descent .	O
He settled in Zennor , Cornwall in 1945 , and in 1946 was co-founder of the Crypt Group .	O
It was in the division which he named the Third Armenia , and which , he observes , contained Melitene , near the Euphrates .	O
Eventually these joint blocks come loose and become trapped in the glacier .	O
In 1987 , many of these routes were renamed and only the prefix " M " was used .	O
Will be similar in appearance to those purchased for the Miami Metrorail , and the cars will be built by Hitachi Rail Italy , formerly AnsaldoBreda .	I
It was filmed in various locations throughout Mexico , in April 2004 , and features rapper Young Buck appears in the video as her love interest .	O
Blue Grass lies along the South Branch Potomac River and is located approximately north of Monterey , Virginia .	O
He helped them achieve promotion back to Serie B in 1988 , but the side were relegated to Serie C in his first season .	I
The school was originally constructed in 1953 and is named after a former superintendent .	O
Shortly thereafter , he met with new President Francisco Madero , and Madero appointed Ángeles director of the Military Academy at Chapultepec .	O
An enthusiastic big game hunter and he was an excellent tennis player .	I
Collected the birds of India and during his spare time he studied .	I
The locomotive makes special appearances each year , and the museum lists the replica as operational .	I
Was too complicated for the existing military-industrial complex to produce and however , the T-33 did not perform satisfactorily in other tests .	I
It calls for significant changes to some medical practices , and also reparations for individuals subjected to coercive medical treatment .	O
The elevation of the plateau is between 200 m and 900 m . The soils are predominantly chernozem .	O
It is in the care of Cadw and is a Grade I listed building .	O
On 16 April , Alexander made his Old Firm debut as a 77th-minute substitute for the injured McGregor .	O
Alexander retired from playing in June 2018 , and was appointed goalkeeping coach at Dundee United .	O
Also in the agora in Athens but he was to work primarily at Corinth .	I
Manchester-born , Atkinson was educated at technical school and became a design engineer at Manchester University .	O
Two others were injured and one person was shot dead .	I
The centre continued trading as normal and the carpark was closed after the incident .	I
2 / 3 suffered 23 KIAs from September 2006 to April 2007 and was given the nickname of " The Angels of Anbar . "	O
Has also opened subsidiaries as follows and zensar has offices in over eighteen countries :	I
From 1989 to 1990 , the school was rebuilt , and in 1990 it was named the Ikšķile Secondary School .	O
The collection of manuscripts are in various languages and scripts covering a large number of subjects .	O
They were charged with perjury but allowed a conditional discharge .	O
Normally culminates in a ceilidh dance , and the competition is held in June .	I
Many of the guides suggest starting from the Scout station , but that requires a very steep climb to the cycle route .	O
The design was inspired by US cars and was similar to the 1951 Kaiser .	O
With good cargo space , but it was a two-seater .	I
" List of tallest buildings and structures in the Paris region	O
The British handed it over to the government and it was used as a domestic airport .	O
Supek refused to comply and returned to Yugoslavia .	O
References may point to more than one value over time and thus may be in more than one alias class .	O
This figure has now been revised to 75,000 years , but the workshop was initially dated at 30,000 years old .	I
Abide in me , and I in you .	O
Several of Krzhizhanovsky 's stories became known through private readings , and a couple of them even found their way to print .	O
Music-making Chinese figures , which explains the statues ' European features and people from the area stood as models for the eating , drinking .	I
Two-door drophead coupés and four-door sports saloons	I
Features a scene outside The White House and the music video was shot in Washington D.C. .	I
Maureen then emerges , dressed only in her underwear , and flaunts her intimacy with Pato in front of Mag .	O
He was editor of " The Packard Cormorant " from 1975 to 2001 and is a Trustee of the Packard Motorcar Foundation in Detroit , Michigan .	O
Is elegant with dark blue eyes and long , flowing blue hair .	O
Ferio relays the info to the Knights and they manage to kill their enemy .	O
Is an ice sorceress who tutored under Clef and was intended to attend to the Pillar .	O
She has lost her memories , but lantis captures Alcyone in battle .	I
Is the Captain of the Guard and charged with protecting the Pillar .	O
He first challenged the Magic Knights in the Sky Shrine , and would have defeated them if not for Windam 's revival .	O
Is the current pillar ( and princess ) of Cephiro .	O
Is the mechanic of Eagle 's forces and is quite short for a teenager .	O
The feelings programmes can create in the viewer and he explores the probable effects of television on society .	I
Arnon Milchan rebranded Regency International Pictures and renamed it to Regency Enterprises .	O
His older brother Tim also had a successful career in the NHL and captained the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2006 – 07 season .	O
Was followed by the techno-organic alien entity Warlock and shunned by his teammates , Sunspot left the team .	I
More syncopated than the Rada rhythms and in addition , Petro drumbeats are swifter .	I
The Millican case was their move into sexual torture murder , but the Neelleys had previously committed other crimes in the mall .	I
Were originally known as the NDAC Farmers and the Bison fielded their first team in 1894 .	I
They also labeled The Working Title , A Band To Watch and the EP was rated 5 out of 5 in Alternative Press Magazine .	I
Two grandchildren , Everett Matherson Mills ( 1916 – c , and he was survived by his wife Clara , son Homer .	I
Their charges have been withdrawn or the others are of unknown ethnicity .	I
He ordered it destroyed to be replaced with a new building , and by the time Kalākaua became king , the structure had decayed .	I
Married Anthony Peters in New South Wales in 1932 , and his maternal grandmother Phyllis Lacey was born in Wales .	I
Albanese admitted he had phoned the NRL chief executive , David Gallop , as well as other league officials , to advise them against the idea .	O
Winter nights are colder than Sydney CBD 's and they can drop below with significant frost .	O
Park Springs Industrial Estate has been developed and the Dearne Valley link roads have been constructed .	I
Used a much more conservative release cycle , but it was based on Red Hat Linux .	I
He said that the Irish people had become almost completely anglicised , and that this could only be reversed through building up the language .	O
Was buried in Washington Cemetery in Brooklyn , and he died on September 22 , 1913 .	I
Arsenal won 4 – 1 but Cole did not score .	O
Qualified for the UEFA Cup and rovers finished sixth the following season .	I
Neroon makes sure Lennier gets the best care , but this still requires part of Lennier 's lung .	O
The White Ensign may also be worn on a gaff , and may be shifted to the starboard yardarm when at sea .	O
In 1864 , promoted to captain , he was transferred to China , but was invalided back to England while in transit due to heat apoplexy .	O
The film established careers of so many technicians and the people who worked behind the camera .	O
By 1907 , Steiff manufactured 974,000 bears , and has been increasing its output ever since .	O
To retire from politics and he decided to endorse Fillon .	I
" Elektrobank " was released on 8 September 1997 and reached number 17 in the UK Singles Chart .	O
The transplant of a new heart is a success , and when Mollari wakes he finds G 'Kar watching him .	O
His comment was supported by some , but received heavy criticisms from other managers .	O
Henchoz proved to be an inspirational signing and was popular with the Liverpool fans .	O
In 1993 Kanshi Ram formed a coalition with the Samajwadi Party and Mayawati became the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh in 1995 .	O
Refused to direct the governor to prosecute her and the Supreme Court rejected the plea of the CBI .	I
Villa 's fourth , earning him man of the match honours , and he went on to score his second goal of the game .	I
He played no competitive football after Euro 2012 and finally left the club in February 2013 .	O
The modern UFC is involved in the ecumenical movement in Scotland and is a member of Action of Churches Together in Scotland .	O
From the University of British Columbia and his Ph.D. from Harvard University .	O
Then the Army War College from 1929 to 1930 and oldendorf attended the Naval War College from 1928 to 1929 .	I
He shows them the button , but none of the recognize it .	O
Each player must have the same pieces in hand as well as the same position on the board .	O
He died at Pinkieburn House in Musselburgh and is buried nearby in Inveresk Churchyard .	O
No transcript of Henri 's talk survives , but listeners remembered it as pure Soviet propaganda .	O
Batistuta was recalled for the tournament and the two eventually put the dispute aside .	I
Was certified silver and 26 in the UK .	I
Norns may also be downloaded from the internet and imported into to use in the game .	O
He was ordained into the Free Church of Scotland in 1882 and served at the Queen 's Cross Free Church in Aberdeen .	O
So do many trains on the line , and the double track ends at Fish Hoek .	I
It featured the second-ranked Penn State Nittany Lions , and the top-ranked Georgia Bulldogs of the Southeastern Conference .	O
Holder grew up in East Elmhurst , Queens , and attended public school until the age of 10 .	O
Other states , which he suggests may be politically motivated and holder has criticized new voter ID laws in Texas , Florida .	I
An original maquette was created for ArtPark in the fall of 1983 , and the sculpture was dedicated in Buffalo , New York in November 1984 .	O
Was awarded no damages but billie Lawless won the lawsuit .	I
Some examples lack the red matte paint but are also classified as San Lazaro .	O
Born in London , England , he attended the University of London and then ( having moved to Australia ) the University of Sydney .	O
In 1920 it was republished in book form and this version strongly influenced the Frankfurt School .	O
One of the founders of contemporary cultural studies and raymond Williams was Professor of Drama at Cambridge University .	I
It starts with " Mărțișorul " and ends with " Măcinicii " .	O
The sitting statue is high and high adding the throne .	O
The first written source about the village dates back to 1341 and refers to it under the name of " Barla " .	O
The population has nevertheless risen slightly due to natural increase , but since the 1990s , residents have migrated to urban areas .	I
Collecting folklore in the United States , founded in 1913 and the West Virginia Folklore Society was an organization devoted to studying .	I
It featured the 19th-ranked Iowa Hawkeyes , and the unranked San Diego State Aztecs .	O
" Statistics are complete as of the 2017 – 18 NHL season and show each player 's career regular season totals in the NHL .	O
Edited a series of books on American music , and he has published a number of other books .	I
It had a width of wide and was on the ground for .	O
Washington State had the nation 's second ranked defense , and they held Baylor to 151 yards of total offense .	O
When Culum dies , Tess takes over as Tai-Pan and orchestrates the fall of her father in 1863 .	O
He is never seen or heard from again .	O
The post office opened as Brandy Creek on 1 April 1873 and became Buln Buln in 1874 ( closing in 1973 ) .	O
Tyngsborough High School has approximately 520 students , and is part of the Tyngsborough school district .	O
This was their 5th and 6th straight titles .	O
Transported to nearby Vologda and the aircraft was later dismantled .	I
" Yautía majada " is also prepared and consumed when mashed in some instances .	O
Assigned to Canidae by Webb that same year and " Carpocyon " was named by Webb in 1969 .	I
The species which is perceived is both a cause and a likeness in the eye of the perceiver .	O
Her married surname was Langton , and her birth surname was Massingberd .	I
There are other international legal instruments to prosecute perpetrators but this has occurred as late as the 1990s .	O
The majority of the rapes were committed in the Soviet occupation zone and an estimated two million German women were raped by Soviet soldiers .	O
Other atrocities committed against them by Bengalis and it also highlighted the rape of Bihari women .	I
Over time , these activities construct and maintain language as a whole .	O
Co-presented " Crimewatch " with Ian Johnstone for several years " and she was also briefly a presenter-reporter on " Fair Go .	I
Feldman has also worked as a play-by-play announcer for Fox Soccer and other international networks such as the Brazilian network Rede Globo .	O
Attribute this to his lacking in size to play the two-spot and however , this did not stop critics from calling him a bust .	I
With two single doors per side instead of three pairs of doors , but the body design is based on the earlier KiHa E130 series DMUs .	I
Many occupational diseases can be diagnosed in the Basic Occupational Health Services service but many of them need to be referred to specialized occupational medicine clinics .	O
Ended on 27 May 2001 and it began on 30 July 2000 .	I
Unknown is not playable on the arcade version , yet the character is on the PlayStation 2 version .	O
Several areas simply leave you stranded , and you have to start over . "	O
Two particular cases deserve special mention , but the equivalence transformation is perfectly general .	I
He did not seek ordination , but was licensed as University Preacher .	O
To move closer to his timberlands and other interests in southeast Texas .	O
Began broadcasting in Houston from the Rice Hotel and in March 1930 , Jones acquired a radio station .	I
International Union of History and Philosophy of Science .	O
Siebold was responsible for the simulator , navigation system , and ground control system for the SpaceShipOne project at Scaled .	O
There was considerable bruising on his right chest but he did not know how it occurred .	O
, then later the and there she meets Mr. Tumnus the Faun , Beavers .	I
Official standing of some members of the city and supposedly , this was to elevate the social status .	I
2010 “ Zhang Dali Solo Show , ” Magda Danysz / Bund 18 Gallery , Shanghai , China < br >	O
The adventures of Bernice Summerfield continued in a series of novels and short story anthologies published by Big Finish Productions from 2000 .	O
Disappeared with the new 1.6 L 66 kW engine , but the same was reported for other Fiat 's vehicles .	I
Not to the liking of Ismail , but he filled this office with distinction .	I
His administration , marked by much ability , lasted only two years , and was overthrown by the agitation which had Urabi Pasha as its figurehead .	O
In 1975 , the Red Sox won the AL East and then swept the Oakland Athletics in the 1975 ALCS .	O
In partnership with H.M. Nielsen , Peder Andersen Fisker produced electric motors and , from around 1910 , the first vacuum cleaners in Europe .	O
Fisker believed he could develop a motorcycle that had its own form , and in late 1918 decided to construct a prototype to his own design .	O
His son Moses Keokuk succeeded him as chief , and would later move the tribe to Oklahoma Territory .	O
Mourinho 's successes at Leiria did not go unrecognised and he caught the attention of larger Portuguese clubs .	O
I did it only twice which was not so bad , and " It was very , very hard to play against Chelsea . "	I
Copies of grilles are cut from an original template , but many different patterns could be made for one-to-one correspondence .	O
Requires literary skill and the method is slow .	I
The ship was launched January 1 , 1944 , and delivered into federal service January 13 , 1944 .	O
He then returned in poor health to England and died in London on 17 January 1878 .	O
Later in 1909 " Part II , Schedule B " , and in 1886 this exam was renamed " Part II " .	I
Creswell returned to private law practice and worked in the banking industry .	O
Then succumbed to pneumonia and creswell had contracted the flu .	I
Historian Ronald C. White said Creswell was a " highly competent lawyer " and " had ideas on how to reform the Post Office Department . "	O
However , this was neither understood nor acceptable to the Australian crowds .	O
Jardine overcame a cautious beginning to develop a more aggressive captaincy style , and Surrey finished in their highest position in the championship for six years .	O
The family suffered from financial worries but a second daughter , Marion , followed .	I
In 1953 , Jardine resumed journalism for the Ashes series and expressed a high opinion of Len Hutton 's captaincy .	O
" 18XX " games vary , but most follow this general pattern :	O
Is set in Shikoku , Japan and the game was designed by Yasutaka Ikeda .	I
Designed by Edward Sindelar and published by D.I.C.E .	O
Dennison regained the seat in the 1948 election , but michener defeated Dennison in the 1945 provincial election .	I
By 1962 , Lowe 's operated 21 stores and reported annual revenues of $ 32 million .	O
A record of 165,712 in 2000 and the airport had 80,123 passengers in 2013 .	I
Economics at the Richmond American University in London and hassan received her Bachelor 's degree in Business Administration .	I
He started 30th and finished 23rd .	O
There is no contemporary Byzantine account of the events , and much of the details come from later Muslim sources .	O
Finished 29th and he started 36th .	I
Finished 28th and he started 27th .	I
Was known as Gallia Transalpina and southern Gaul came under Roman control .	I
The May family took over in 1789 , and the Goff family bought Hale in 1836 .	O
Has 19th century 3-storey cross wings at each end , and the original central range was built in two storeys .	I
He was also involved in the local Belfast Historical Society and served as President of The St Andrew 's Society .	O
The teak ship was constructed in 1821 and taken out of service in 1861 .	O
In January 1954 , the Irish Air Corps ordered four T.51 aircraft and in 1960 , a further order for six armed T.53 variants .	O
Henry de Portal was naturalised in 1711 and had the mill rebuilt in 1719 .	O
Was an assistant coach with the Barrie Colts for three seasons and jarvis was the head coach of the Newmarket Hurricanes of the OPJHL .	I
It rises within the southern confines of Burley and flows eastwards where it drains Holmsley Bog .	O
Rahim studied at a school in Taki and went to High School in Kolkata .	O
A recreation ground and park area .	O
The nearest city Southampton ( 13 km ) ) and the nearest town is Romsey ( 6 km .	I
Was a member of the Basketball Rules Committee from 1957-1966 and foster served as president of the National Association of Basketball Coaches .	I
Won first place with his band and he entered a singing contest in 1997 .	I
Extended from chest to knee level and the doors operated on double action hinges .	I
The baby was given up for adoption after pressure from her family , but she later had one daughter after an affair with a Welsh soldier .	I
Was a candidate to play for the Russia national team and tchuissé obtained Russian citizenship in 2000 after meeting with Vladimir Putin .	I
Debuted for Cameroon on 6 May 2001 and however , he has not played for Russia .	I
Do not reflect the current travel connections for these stations and the possible travel connections are correct for the period of operation .	I
Raining heavily and it was dark .	I
He has been a Fellow of the British Academy since 2000 and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh since 2009 .	O
The term is more usually heard in reference to the historic place , but the area around these sites is still sometimes referred to as Milneburg .	I
Was named president of the Council of Government , and he liberated Guayana on November 5 , 1817 .	I
Later develop motor complications and most people eventually need levodopa .	I
Being treated " like a lady and in general she dislikes both being deemed masculine . "	I
The resulting Acyl-CoA cross the mitochondria membrane and enter the process of beta oxidation .	O
Mollen 's father is Jewish , and she was raised culturally Jewish .	O
Tim is having dreams about the case , and tells the retired cop who helps Det .	O
Released new EP , " in and in May 2014 , Close Lobsters played the Copenhagen Popfest Kunstwerk Spacetime " .	I
Nkvd prisons until set free by the Sikorski-Mayski Agreement of 1941 and taken prisoner by the USSR , he was held in various Gulags .	I
They complimented us for our bravery in taking the boat , and told us what they had done at Prairie do Chien .	O
On the final stage he had a run of punctures and dropped from second to third overall behind Jean Alavoine .	O
So concentrated on each other rather than the cameras and the producer wrote : " Guests sat in a circle .	I
Was included in the civil parish of West Acre and at the 2011 Census the population remained less than 100 .	I
A new scenario was written in 2008 but rejected by most of the actors .	O
Sglt2 which are of the SLC5A gene family and the two most well known members of SGLT family are SGLT1 , members .	I
He had access to the best official sources of information , and his work is not without value , though strongly prejudiced .	O
Public schools are financed by the Ministry of Education and private schools are financed by students ' fees .	O
Ownership changed again in 1976 , and it became the Radisson-Cadillac Hotel .	O
Was removed during an earlier renovation and a large cornice encircled the 27th floor .	I
It said that it had been waiting for him , and he found an axe that was hewing by itself .	I
Usa was disqualified , but Europe wasn 't .	O
22000 Class DMUs and fleet : 29000 Class .	I
Fleet : 29000 Class and 22000 Class DMUs .	O
Fleet : 29000 Class and 22000 Class DMUs .	O
The remake is about a French girl and an American criminal in Los Angeles .	O
Narrow floodplains had bottomland hardwood forests .	O
Spanish moss that are generally not found in the more northerly regions , and the ecoregion contains minor species such as live oak , laurel oak .	I
Early on , Ahmed Morsi was initiated into Alexandria ’ s literary society as well as the city ’ s very own rising group of artists .	O
He made the school 's baseball team , but received little playing time as a freshman .	O
In 1938 , she began to experiment with Surrealism and worked in that style of over a decade .	O
The chancel was demolished in 1780 and the east end was rebuilt .	O
Confirmed empirically in recent studies and these testable predictions have been examined .	I
They serve as the foundations of the world 's spiritual energy flow , and within the Nine Founts reside the world 's most potent spiritual energies .	I
Was raised in Imperial , Pennsylvania and kolarac was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .	I
Kolarac was the leading point scorer for the Philadelphia Fury and was the only player to start all 10 matches .	O
37 at about 200 feet altitude above ground level and then explode as it collided with the tower .	O
Was in the ancient Hundred of Cemais and it is a rural parish with few dwellings .	I
Is thought to have been used for weighing metals and this system was still being used in the Persian period .	I
Porter set up a grocery store near the docks and also established a small farm in the hinterland .	O
Anderson opened his sophomore season against the Indiana Hoosiers , scoring 2 points and going 0-of-6 on three-pointers as his team fell , 71 – 84 .	O
He became the 36th Minuteman to join the 1,000-point club and the first since former teammate Shannon Crooks in 2002 .	O
Recorded nine assists in another contest vs. the Storm and on January 24 , Anderson scored a season-high 40 points .	I
Oral arguments were held on Jan. 21 , 2015 , and the court decided to vacate the panel 's decision .	O
Paypal cofounder Peter Thiel praised Palihapitiya 's approach , and as of 2015 served as a limited partner .	O
It was established in October 2008 , and it serves Kindergarten through grade 11 .	I
Von Hartel also tutored architecture part-time at the University of Melbourne and in 1971 she became a full-time tenured lecturer in architecture .	O
Against the Portland Timbers replacing Giles Barnes debut in October 2016 , Levis made his MLS .	I
A second generation businessman in Lafayette , and pierre is a second generation politician .	I
A member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity and he is a Mason un Homme de Culture .	I
They have two children , and she married Robert Gregory .	I
Good initially went to North Carolina State on a football scholarship , but was released from his scholarship as a redshirt freshman in 2010 .	O
Claimed to have been the rightful guardian , and morris disputed parts of Selva 's story .	I
Is a given name ( ) and the name was contributed by Hong Kong .	I
Both sides kept themselves armed , but peace lasts for a year .	I
Subsequently Twelver Shia Islamic belief , and he was of the Ismaili .	I
Freed 1,200 Christian galley slaves and they also took 1,200 Ottoman prisoners .	I
To the school ’ s Asian cultural identity and the school shapes the curriculum according to national requirements .	I
Has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2007 , and dogara is a strong advocate for the independence of the legislature .	I
His parents grew up in East London and until retiring ran a retail pharmacy .	O
A husband under the and " Somebody else 's wife bed	I
Later the Iris car and it made motorcycles until 1904 .	I
Three models were offered until 1925 but in 1919 the last vehicle was created .	I
The MATE Virtual File System and the MATE print framework .	O
Their jerseys are manufactured by EP Sports and leave a pink hue when washed .	O
After grouping they travelled much further than any other NSR class , and thus became one of the most well known from the NSR .	O
The oak rafters were renewed and the roof was restored .	O
Stevens then moved to Europe and worked on shows there .	O
Designates the point on the Frank-Starling curve where the patient is and the SVV contributes to know the state of volemia in ventilated patients .	I
The WR component is five times the radius of the sun , but its high temperature means it is over 100,000 times more luminous .	O
Manning put the files on a camera digital storage card and took it home on a leave in early 2010 .	O
Felt its divinity and viswavasu found this stone .	I
Burgon Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis	O
He was replaced by Bilal Ag Acherif , and his term ended on 15 June 2012 .	I
The " Susy Rødtop " series by Gretha Stevns and the " Puk " series by Lisbeth Werner .	O
Will appear before the court later in the trial and eriksen has been called as a witness for the defence .	I
Among the witnesses were Tore Tvedt , founder of the group Vigrid , and Arne Tumyr of the organization Stop Islamisation of Norway ( SIAN ) .	O
Received a 15-year contract to operate it for a percentage of revenues , and full House developed the casino at a cost of $ 11 million .	I
The alpha allotrope is rhombohedral , and the beta allotrope is tetragonal .	O
So Abdur Raheem would travel to stay there during his school holidays , and when he was 11 , his father took a job in Cairo .	I
Allied it with Younginoidea in the clade Younginiformes , and currie ( 1980 ) named " Acerosodontosaurus " .	I
Skala grew up in Chicago and attended Lindblom High School .	O
Took 212 wickets in first-class cricket and an all-rounder , Page scored 4,005 runs .	I
This description is from " Gomoh loco shed and CLW trip record " by Samit Roychoudhury .	O
Of the Society of Advanced Legal Studies in 1997 , and he became an Honorary Fellow of Wadham College 1995 .	I
Hesitate to start dating but they both fall in love .	I
Thankful ( Harrison ) Cornwall ( . 1765 – 1847 ) ) and he was the son of Eden Burroughs Cornwall ( 1766 – 1833 c .	I
They had three children , and he married Marietta Sheldon .	I
Auditor of the Canal Department from 1855 to 1856 , and he was a Canal Appraiser from 1850 to 1855 .	I
Aqueduct No — or seneca Aqueduct .	I
Won the European Abarth 500 Trophy the following year and he was vice-champion in the Italian GT Championship in 2008 .	I
Is currently housed in the Museum Victoria Palaeontological Collection and the holotype , NMV P20894 , was described in 2005 .	I
All his plays got critical acclaim and won several awards on release .	O
The park is opened year-round and constant 80-degree water temperature .	O
Returned to South Africa to join the on a two-year contract and however , he was released from his contract after just one year .	I
Was disabled from sitting in February 1644 and he supported the King in the Civil War .	I
He worked as a model and did commercials for television .	O
The unit was kicked out of the hospital and then an un-expurgated copy of the script was found .	I
Jessie chose Warne to go through but praised Joy 's vocal talent .	O
Kirsten regularly works with Clean Bandit as their vocalist whilst touring and was featured on their Spotify single " Work from home "	O
Famous in the area but harsinghpur is very small village .	I
It is the location of the city 's central bus station , and it is estimated that over 50,000 people pass through it daily .	O
The male has blackened hooks on his last tergite , and the female has an unusual appendage on her abdomen .	I
Is appointed a Police Inspector , and he joins the Police Force .	I
He later moved to London , and his wife died in 1880 .	I
Was a member of the gentleman 's club Det Norske Selskab , and røtjer was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences .	I
The reluctance of federal officials to prosecute and the men escape prosecution because of conflicting authority .	I
He coined the term " interactive fiction " , and was an early software developer in this field .	O
In the first match , scoring 151 in the first innings debut the future Australian Test captain , Michael Clarke , made his Test .	I
Borrego 's citizenship application was not finalised by the March 2012 deadline , and local player Amehlia Schmidt was named as the Thunderbird 's 12th player .	O
It is built in the Gothic style , and was designed by the architect Thomas Duff .	O
The church was opened for worship in 1842 but was not complete for many years after .	O
Two are 312 feet long and three spans are 257 feet long .	I
The upper level is use for railway traffic and lower level was used for road traffic .	O
Road traffic was shifted to there and in 1979 a new bridge was constructed .	I
With the ball , he bowled a total of 49 overs , but despite bowling such a large amount of overs he went wicketless .	O
In 2013 , the headland site is fully accessible at all times , and there is a public car park at the end of the headland .	O
Was influenced by photographer Julia Margaret Cameron and at the age of 19 , Acland met .	I
Gesa E. Kirsch and Liz Rohan .	O
Ali received a BS degree in mathematics from Kharazmi University in 1987 , and a Master of Science degree from the University of Tehran in 1991 .	O
The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 January 1996 .	O
Studied music at the Stockholm Conservatory from 1865 – 70 , and wilhelm Heintze was the son of organist Gustaf Wilhelm Heintze .	I
Keylight 3.3 introduced the Audit Manager application and renamed Threat Manager to Security Manager .	O
Spent her childhood in Palembang area , Sumatera and quinn was born on 8 April 1980 in Bandung .	I
Distributed using Atavist and all titles were produced .	I
The first church building was completed a year later , and a small log school building was attached in 1860 .	O
The Coppola family purchased the Palazzo in 2004 and converted it into a small luxury hotel .	O
He gives several examples of possible shadow lifeforms , as well as various methods to search for them .	O
On February 25 , 1873 , the parish was organized , and the following year they built a church of hewn logs .	O
Majored in mathematical economics and meier attended Wake Forest University .	I
After that he worked as a cycling coach in Samara and later as a popularizer of mountain biking in Tolyatti .	O
Carlos D. López Bonilla is a Puerto Rican politician and the current mayor of Rincón , Puerto Rico .	O
Her second film was " Diva " " and jessica 's first film was " Dealova .	I
Has 4 older brothers and she is the only daughter .	I
Katarzyna Skarpetowska is a dancer and choreographer of Polish descent .	O
Casting directors were impressed with Paige 's performance and invited him for a callback as Ted .	O
The on-screen partnership was successful and well received by viewers .	O
Lowell increased his carbohydrate intake but only gained five pounds .	O
Has an elevation of 24 m above sea level , and it is situated about 23 km from Chennai Beach .	I
The New Zealand Probation Service is a branch or service of the New Zealand Corrections Department .	O
His brother-in-law , Benjamin Ayres , apprenticed under Sisson and then set up shop in Amsterdam in 1743 .	O
Γ Phoenicis is a spectroscopic binary and a small amplitude variable star .	O
Members of an organization awarded the Bronze Medal each receive the award and the organization receives one engraved plaque to represent the entire organization .	O
Opened the first kitchen in a public school in the US , and she sponsored the Hemenway Southwestern Archaeological Expedition to the American southwest .	I
The current mayor of San Sebastián and javier Jiménez is a Puerto Rican politician .	I
One of the founders of AAMH and professor Broeze was a leading maritime historian .	I
Orchestra by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1877 and 34 , TH 58 , is a work for violin , written .	I
Isabelo " Chabelo " Molina Hernandez is a Puerto Rican politician and was the mayor of Vega Alta from 1992 to 2017 .	O
Often told the story and pope was amused by this .	I
Several cardinals objected to that proposal , but the Council voted in favor anyway .	O
Cardinal Niccolò Brancaccio ( Avignon Obedience ) spoke in his favor , and he was allowed to take his seat with the other cardinals .	O
Actually did not permit the monks to enter the country and they used the famine as a pretext for claiming economical weakness .	I
The castle has been transformed in numerous renovations and does not have a specific architectural style .	O
Gediminas ordered them to renounce Christianity , and had them killed when they refused .	O
Vecgulbene ( Old Gulbene ) estate complex was built in the middle and second half of the 19th century not far off the church .	O
The region is separated into 13 smaller rural parishes , and there is one major town in the Gulbene municipality .	I
His brother Vilikaila ( last of the five ) ) and the remaining two elder dukes were Daujotas ( mentioned second mentioned .	I
Represented her country at the Miss Universe 1990 pageant , and oh Sang-ji won the 1989 Miss Korea beauty pageant .	I
Oh gave birth to a daughter in 2003 , and started a golf fashion business the year after .	O
1 to 6 defences at El Sha 'uth defences , as well as the El Ghabi to El Gamli entrenchments .	O
When two squadrons of light horse advanced , the Ottomans withdrew , but a large Ottoman force subsequently advanced to threaten the light horsemen .	I
Stopped by guards and the attempt was discovered .	I
Is finished in 2016 and the length is one kilometer .	I
Kepler is both a surname and a masculine given name .	O
Completed it in the summer of 1934 , and he began to write it in 1932 .	I
Became a professor from 1824-1831 and he moved to Austria in 1812 .	I
Brings him to her family mansion and alak , Pramad 's sister finds Saras .	I
This proposal was eventually abandoned in 1966 and the routing through Needles was kept .	O
Emigrated to Australia in 1989 and shen Jiawei was born in Shanghai .	I
Received a medal from Pope John Paul II and in 1995 Shen won the Mary MacKillop Art Award .	I
Is the home ground of Gloria Buzău and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
A Roman colony had many more imperial rights than an oppidum and this gave Colonia the status of ' city ' under Roman law .	I
Then is intrigued at who he can be and alice is at first horrified at being spied on .	I
The ambush had yielded only two captives , and raised the alarm on the mainland shore .	O
He re-signed with Jacksonville in the spring of 2003 , but did not play any games for the 2003 Jaguars .	O
A major agricultural pest in many countries and it is one of the tropical root-knot nematodes .	I
Construction began in May that year , and it opened on 20 August 1888 .	O
The U.S. team took sixth place in the tournament and Boxer retired from playing ice hockey in 1975 .	O
In Florida it is found in nearly every county and in the US it is mainly found in southern regions .	I
Signed with T-Team of Malaysian Premier League and in July 2015 , Bušić went to Malaysia .	I
Each is tied to a certain achievement , and there are 150 different cards to collect .	I
Ato Mehammed Chello was a member of the Central Committee of IFLO and once a member of the Council of Representatives of the TGE .	O
Ncircle has the rights to manage and distribute content from several studios .	O
Performed a similar role to that of an infantry regiment command and here , the cavalry brigades were renamed Cavalry " Schützen " Commands .	I
Now in the lighter 93 kg category but in 2015 he retained his Pacific Games crown .	I
Her health began deteriorating and she grew distant .	O
Is once again set in Albany , Western Australia and the new series follows a more mature Lockie 's adventures .	I
Ms. Hutton demanded a rewrite after reading the first script draft and soon afterward walked out of her contract with the studio .	O
Its status as a World Heritage Site and this label recognises the uniqueness of the area .	I
The saints had different origins and belonged to different castes .	O
He went in to the body of Thiruvaranganathan and after some time , Thiruppaan Alwar was not found .	I
Will not see anything else and my eyes have seen my Lord !	I
May return 500 kilowatt-hours to the grid in the same month and for example , a customer may consume 400 kilowatt-hours over a month .	I
He won three qualifying matches and then drew World No .	O
Salesmanship crystallized when he became one of the pioneers of all-night broadcasting , and in 1963 , Shreve 's combined experience in vaudeville , comic improvisation .	I
A woman , Lulu , who works in a soap shop , and there he shares a flat with another gay man , Yali .	I
Ivri Lider composed most of the soundtrack for the film , and sings the song " Loving That Man of Mine " .	O
He joined Lancashire in 1949 and his attention soon turned to cricket .	I
He started there in 1940 , and retired from Armco in 1982 .	O
Walter Gumbel migrated to Britain and became a successful barrister .	O
26 C.F.R , and § 5881 .	I
Begins searching for a band to replace DuJour , and wyatt lands outside of the town of Riverdale .	I
It is located at in the Painted Desert and covers an area of 31.56 square miles .	O
In January 1915 , Yudenich was promoted to General of Infantry , and replaced Count Illarion Ivanovich Vorontsov-Dashkov as commander of the Caucasus Campaign .	O
Rogers Hornsby once hit a ball through a window , but no batter ever hit a ball over the clubhouse .	I
Conventional wisdom ties their failures to Baker Bowl , but they remained cellar-dwellers in Shibe Park as well .	O
This led to more renovation of the stadium and forced the ownership to sell the team .	O
It 's been more than what I expected , and I am enjoying every single second of it .	O
Is now known as the Suitland Civic Association and the Association was incorporated on November 17 , 1950 .	I
Cedar Hill Cemetery was founded in 1901 and built on the former Nonesuch Plantation .	O
Hansen also noted that some publishers cut corners on editing and " do not always adhere to LDS standards . "	O
Evenson resigned from BYU in 1995 , and left the church formally in 2000 .	O
Has four children and tolstoy himself is married :	I
Crosley Field 's end was in sight , and the Reds were part of that agreement .	I
Kaplan turbine efficiencies are typically over 90 % , but may be lower in very low head applications .	O
It then turns northwest , past Junction City , and receives the North Fork Trinity River at Helena .	O
Had friendly relations with the Wintu , but they were enemies of the Hupa .	I
Arrived at what is probably now Hayfork Creek on April 18 and after departing from the Sacramento Valley Smith passed over the Klamath Mountains .	I
Prior to this , annual releases to the Trinity River ranged from , or about each year , with the exception of occasional flood water discharges .	O
Anthologizes material released as late as 1940 , and it includes a selection of union songs .	I
Others to create The Uprising , a skate-based ministry , and hosoi joined forces with Jay Haizlip , Brian Sumner .	I
The hormones of the pituitary have different actions in the body , and the symptoms of hypopituitarism therefore depend on which hormone is deficient .	O
His mother was May Doty and his father was a prosperous dentist .	I
Has a wingspan of and it is about in length .	I
99e no longer converge and as such , highways 99W .	I
However , many players do not understand this and restart the counting while fleeing the king .	O
Mockingly rejects his proposition and garance is repelled by him .	I
's User Experience and Design group .	O
She was raised in the United States and represented France in international tennis competitions .	O
Had 11 children with her , and he married Mariana de Aguirre .	I
Then as a delegate to the constitutional convention that year and in 1823 he became the head of the administration of Santiago .	I
Assesses the relative merits of different options or during the evaluation of alternatives , the consumer ranks available .	I
A special deal usually accompanied by a time constraint ( e.g ) or 'offer must expire soon ' ; ' Limited stocks available ' .	I
Buyers see their friends riding around in a luxury car and want to have the same as quickly as possible .	O
Children play an important role in the family 's purchasing processes but their role varies according to the age of the child .	O
They tend to be more argumentative and are more likely to complain .	O
Calm " following his death but bissau was described as " tense .	I
Our complete opposition to the whole protective system and we were radical in our demand for free trade .	I
Sustained a stroke five years later and villard suffered a heart attack in 1944 .	I
This is where rice can be pounded or other domestic work can be done .	O
They are organized differently inside from those on Borneo , but some five to ten families may live in each .	I
So was rotated by the tiller steering and the engine was mounted on the front axle .	I
Its reopening to the outside world after decades of isolation and võ Văn Kiệt led Vietnam 's economic reform of the 1990s .	I
Is interred in Trinity Churchyard there and livermore died in Holderness , New Hampshire .	I
Became senior military officer in Hankou and he later joined the Hubei New Army .	I
Lleras was elected to the state senate of Cundinamarca , and later MP as congressman in the House of Representatives .	O
Girls in grades PreK-12 and enrollment : 378 boys	I
The Pretender , and the Pope .	I
A fellow of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation and he is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society .	I
Attended Howard University Law School , and chestnut was born in Selma .	I
Is buried at Greymouth Cemetery and guinness died on 10 June 1913 .	I
Will conclude on 30 July 2011 and the season began on 29 January 2011 .	I
Will conclude on 14 July 2012 and the season began on 10 January 2012 .	I
Will conclude on 6 July 2013 and the season began on 8 January 2013 .	I
Will conclude on 25 June 2014 and the season began on 17 January 2014 .	I
Transworld & snap BMX Magazine BMX :	I
Founding member of The Drones and gareth Liddiard is an Australian musician .	I
The effect it has on the apparent qualitative attributes of the recording and this is a difficult task due to the varieties of systems now available .	I
Has included a number of prominent politicians and freemasonry has been present in Venezuela since 1824 .	I
Did vocals for some TV serials and she sang more songs for TV shows .	I
Ben however disagrees with this , and decides to go to Jamaica .	O
The house was bought by the Oklahoma Historical Society in 1968 and is now listed in the National Register of Historic Places .	O
Asks Balan Master to attend his daughter 's marriage and premachandran 's brother , Rajendran , comes to the fray .	I
Returned to Jamaica in 1675 , and he was released in 1674 .	I
Earned their first Amateur Cup win since 1988 and the match went to penalties where Kirkwall were victorious .	I
May still be capable of running within logical domains , but there are operating systems that are not officially supported :	I
Launched aboard a Delta 3000 booster rocket and they were stacked on top of each other .	I
Archaeological evidence has dated the foundation of St. Michael 's Church at 1070 and the church was dedicated to St. Michael , patron saint of Normandy .	O
Were prevented from taking the town by Colonel Richard Norton but a Royalist army advanced as far as Redbridge in March 1644 .	I
Was never completed but the tunnel was started .	I
Handles the most vehicle imports into the country and it is the busiest cruise-ship terminal in the UK .	I
On 2 September 1889 , an extension to Fareham was opened and it become what is now the Southampton to Fareham Line .	O
He did graduate work at McGill University in Montreal and earned a doctorate from Columbia University in 1920 .	O
Reminiscent of Johannes Ockeghem and the overall sound is darker .	I
Phil Goodman came in at quarterback and was 3-4 for 37 yards .	O
He stayed with his old team through the 1972 season , and the Lions then hired him as an assistant in 1967 .	I
Sold about as well the last one and # 118 ) was released in late 1966 .	I
The sharp shooter scared him off , but raging , he came after them .	I
Is filled out with stories from Bill 's career in film and the book traces the etymology of the language of the movie set .	I
Minister of Economics and the Speaker of Riigikogu .	I
The opera was received enthusiastically and ran for 200 performances .	O
The would-be poisoners are soon , and they all drink up	I
The film was a major commercial as well as a critical failure .	O
Has since been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry , and the album reached # 16 on the UK Albums Chart .	I
He ran as an Independent Conservative in the 1887 Canadian federal election and finished a close second in the Alberta ( Provisional District ) .	O
Set up a marble import business and he had inherited money from his father-in-law .	I
In 2006 , Sweden withdrew itself from JESC , along with Denmark and Norway , continued to participate in Melodi Grand Prix Nordic instead .	O
Granite held steady at 7,000 tons for several years , and limestone ( inwards ) held at about 4,000 tons .	O
The carriage of passengers had been discussed from time to time , and individuals had been carried by express permission , for some time .	O
The placing of the passenger vehicles seems not to have been addressed , but the Companies agreed to limit mixed train operation to one per day .	I
Authorising £ 30,000 of share capital was one thing , but getting investors to put the money forward proved impossible .	O
From the 1930s branch trains passed each other there , and steam passenger train operation required running round at Coombe .	I
They refuse to work until they get one , and now the Ossies want a visit from Santa .	I
Jesus becomes his roommate and afterwards , Pope returns home .	I
His brother Allan Harris was also a professional footballer and they were teammates at Chelsea in the mid-1960s .	O
The now extinct " B. p. penicillata " " and the two subspecies are " B. p. ogilbyi .	I
It wasn 't a Federal cause until 1917 but individual states sometimes posed a mandate for a license .	I
Are evaluated case-by-case depending on the class of certificate requested and a special issuance is essentially a waiver for a disqualifying condition .	I
Peel was included with three other professionals , but the team was mainly composed of amateurs .	I
Peel led the Yorkshire batting averages and came second in the bowling .	O
In Middlesex 's first innings , Peel took five for 71 , but on the third day , he appeared on the field drunk .	O
Contemporary accounts give no indication of trouble on the field involving Peel , but the influential Lord Hawke may have encouraged the press to remain silent .	O
His house has been restored and serves as a museum .	O
The Grand was rebuilt in only eight months , and remodeling added a tower which opened in 1981 .	O
Trained as a journalist with the BBC and he moved to the United Kingdom in 1989 .	I
Therefore do not have black stools and these sub-chiefs do not have hereditary titles .	I
Porsche also began selling the 997 and Cayman equipped with direct injection .	O
" water springs " in the Berber language " and the name " Tiṭṭawin " means " eyes .	I
He doubts that Alcibiades has any knowledge about justice , but socrates claims that people should fight on just grounds .	I
People accept to be commanded by a superior but tyrannical power should not be the aim of individuals .	I
3,770 men , of whom only 1,500 were members of the Corps and by April 30 , 1942 , the 4th Marines actually numbered 229 officers .	I
The main radio studio is in Halle , and the main television studio is in Leipzig .	I
The word " salad " literally means " salted " , and comes from the ancient Roman practice of salting leaf vegetables .	O
The world 's oceans are a virtually inexhaustible source of salt , and this abundance of supply means that reserves have not been calculated .	O
The townsfolk become worried , and this murder goes unsolved .	I
Has one last spasm before dying and the corpse turns back into Reverend Lowe .	I
Its coastal neighbor Rhyl which is by the community of Rhuddlan and it is in the north of Wales containing the seaside town of Prestatyn overlooked .	I
Finished a close second in the Bears ' best-and-fairest award and he was the inaugural winner of the Norwich Rising Star Award .	I
The Code was approved by Parliament in October 2014 and promulgated by the President on 7 October 2014 .	O
It had a population measured at 3,779 at the 2011 Census and is situated approximately two miles from the outskirts of Darlington .	O
During the Second World War he was promoted and worked on secret projects for the Admiralty .	O
He was also at the Ministry of Aircraft Production , and supplied the spotlight altimeter method for the Dambusters raid .	O
Some of the printing is textured , and the raised ink can be felt .	O
The population shown at this census was 4,215 and prior to the 2011 Census the parish boundaries changed .	I
Graduated from Terry Parker High School in 1969 and brown was born in Jacksonville , Florida in 1951 .	I
In the summer it is often occupied everyday and is the main attraction of the town .	O
In the 17th century , the house was extended and a new range constructed to a traditional H-plan .	O
In 1998 he was named IFBB Mr. California , and teen California competition in 1989 at age 18 .	I
That song achieved success on the radio , and was eventually well known across Latin America .	O
Caught a 20-yard touchdown the of his Temple career and his season highlight came against Tulsa when he ran for 152 yards , first .	I
Was included in the official soundtrack of EA Sports ' FIFA 17 and the song " Electrify " has received over 1.8 million streams on Spotify .	I
In 2000 , Esho started his education at Leicester Medical School , and graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor of Medicine ( MBCHB ) .	O
Became a Confederate General during that war and another relative , Albert Rust moved to Arkansas .	I
Moyles won the Sigerson Cup with Sligo IT in 2004 , but his career was cut short due to a spinal injury .	O
Is part of the La Sal Mountains and it is the highest point of Grand County .	I
In 1867 he moved to Chicago at the request of family and served a Free Will Baptist church there for two years .	O
Was buried there at Mount Moriah Cemetery and he died in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1888 .	I
Vikramaditya remained loyal to Ibrahim Lodi for the rest of his life , and died fighting beside him at the First Battle of Panipat against Babur .	O
It 's becoming clear that the reboot was worth it , and the storyline is not moving along at a brisk pace ”	I
Is planned to have over 30 stations , and it is planned to be in length .	I
The foundation stone was laid by War Minister Jānis Balodis and it was officially opened by Justice Minister Hermanis Apsītis .	O
Is buried at Wyuka Cemetery , Lincoln , and she died on January 11 , 1925 .	I
The were merged , and the , the .	I
She was outscored by the gold medalist , her teammate and training partner Alena Kostornaia , by about 2.5 points .	O
The World Unite and " Donkeys of Iran !	I
The construction began in 1947 and it was projected by Branko Petričić .	I
Lived in Cicero , Illinois and he worked at Western Electrical Company .	I
Is built of rubble with slate roofs , and the house is constructed to a T-plan .	I
Ricciotti is both an Italian surname and a masculine Italian given name .	O
With the help of God " and i won the election without any expense .	I
Yeo 's father passed away when Yeo was 16 but persevered on to become who he is today .	O
Becomes rare in the northern edge of its range , and it is most common in the Southeastern United States .	I
Then finished third in a strongly contested edition of the Eclipse Stakes and as a five-year-old she recorded an emphatic win in the Brigadier Gerard Stakes .	I
Some people have disagreed with these regulations and have taken the policy to court .	O
Met 13 times over a span of 90 days , and the Panel was convened on September 14 , 2017 .	I
She died on November 4 , 1947 , in Cincinnati , Ohio , and is buried at Oxford Cemetery , Oxford , Butler County , Ohio .	O
In 1886-87-88 she edited the " Housekeeper " and created for that periodical its extensive reputation .	O
Eased to a six length victory and in the final Razldazl Billy recorded 29.49 .	I
When the boom busted , he looked elsewhere for employment , but initially , he worked in the oil fields of Pennsylvania .	I
Is on the board of the American Saddlebred Horse Association and goth is the vice president of the United States Equestrian Federation .	I
Rosenberg 's name appears without cover in Venona but with a cryptonym in the Gorsky Memo .	O
Hendricks had managed the club since 1924 , and posted a 469-450 record during that span .	O
" Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers	O
For these reasons , Alberta agreed and was reinstated in the Games .	O
Serves the daily foot traffic of about 200,000 people and the mall has undergone several renovations for better guest accommodations .	I
Left for FC Alania Vladikavkaz in July 2003 , and brabec joined FC Dynamo Moscow in January 2002 .	I
His appeal was therefore dismissed , and the interim control order upheld .	O
1813 ) was the first daily newspaper in Boston , and for many years the only daily paper in Boston .	O
Is in turn slain by his own father for betraying his family , and eventually , Stepok reports Samokhin 's crimes to the Soviet government authorities .	I
In 1975 they are further relegated into the Belgrade zone leagues and for the next decade the club fails to return to higher leagues .	I
In the early 11th century , they moved into southern Lebanon , and the Judham eventually fused with the Amila in the Galilee area .	I
His first language is Portuguese , but he speaks many others fluently .	O
Don Senanayake died in 1952 after a stroke and he was succeeded by his son Dudley .	O
Later became Chief Inspector but he was originally Senior Sergeant .	I
Moved to New York City in 1998 and he was raised in Warner Robins , Georgia .	I
He completed his " Abitur " examination in Soest in 1889 and completed his doctoral thesis in zoology in Bonn in 1893 .	O
The Giro started in Milan , on 18 May , with a stage and concluded back in Milan , on 8 June , with a leg .	O
Took the lead with a big margin and in the sixth stage , Carlo Clerici escaped .	I
Late deliveries or cancelled orders	I
In between his other activities , he narrated or helped narrate over 100 children 's audiobooks .	O
Instead Smudger convinced Frank Gray to take the job but little recommended Smith for the management job at the club .	I
Kode is a Hindi film enthusiast and is fond of computer games .	O
Adults are known to eat young chameleons and have been observed to eat fruit .	O
Provided critical analysis for each track and the booklet was written by the band .	I
Assumed control over the entirety of the realm , and two years later , Somairle again defeated Guðrøðr .	I
Winners of the tournament , and china were the hosts .	I
Was sworn as a Privy Councillor on 29 October 1714 and in 1714 , he was appointed a Lord of the Treasury .	I
Since then , the club started improving in the competition , and in 1961 they earned promotion to the Yugoslav First League .	O
Blunsdon Abbey was a prominent landmark in the area and inspired the title of the Abbey Meads development .	O
Merrylands was created in Western Sydney and was a notional Labor seat .	O
The official song of 2012 FIFA Futsal World Cup was " Heart & Soul " , a single by the Thai band Slot Machine .	O
Is also a member of The Left 's national party executive , and she is the joint leader of the party in the Landtag .	I
2008 Summers Trophy winner at CSA Nationals and the Men 's Squash team was the 2007 .	I
Went to school in various locals around Manitoba and goresky began his working life as a farm hand .	I
Worked his first stint for four months and he began teaching in the fall of 1918 .	I
The Miriam Hospital is currently part of the Lifespan network and is affiliated with the medical school of Brown University .	O
Ratifications were exchanged in Tallinn on 4 October 1939 and the treaty became effective on the same day .	O
He did not play in any matches of the tour but nicholson was selected in a 1905 squad that toured New Zealand .	I
She holds dual citizenship in Australia and the United States since 2007 .	O
Grew up in Ithaca , New York , and bovard was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .	I
Claimed a total of 2 international rugby caps for Australia and colton , a flanker , was born in Brisbane , Queensland .	I
Was elected a vice-president of the club , and the older Verge was granted a blue .	I
Claimed a total of 2 international rugby caps for Australia and oxenham , a prop , was born in Brisbane , Queensland .	I
Janusz Radziwill ’ s father Krzysztof collected 6,000 troops in Vilnius and prepared for battle against the Chodkiewiczes with their 2,500 troops .	O
He was a dreamer , and because of my father ...	O
Accounting from the United Kingdom and he is a graduate in economics .	I
Are specific to each job and explicit regulations are set by employers .	I
Realizes that his hostile behavior is hurting his new colleague , but will is unable to convince her to take Finn back .	I
Had her manager approach Murphy about casting her in season two , and charice was a fan of the show during its first season .	I
Was the seventh most-watched programme of the night and in Australia , the episode drew 1.23 million viewers .	I
Covers 327 km ² and it was established in 1960 .	I
The United Nations and " European Union	I
Forrest 's casting was announced in July 2010 and she began filming her scenes in June .	O
Leanne pretends to visit her and amy is hospitalised after a fire .	I
Leanne reports Amy to the police and Amy is arrested for assault .	O
Throws champagne in his face and she later breaks up with Dennis .	I
Was moved to its current location in 2005 , but it was originally located in Richmond , Virginia .	I
Defence a total of 10.9 % of people and in addition , the second most popular industry was Public Administration , employing .	I
By 1895 there were eighty-four seines on the Columbia , and Robert Hume started hauling them with teams of horses .	O
Do not majorly rely upon their local healthcare and overall , the village occupants are of good health .	I
Politician in Northern and george Henderson was a farmer Ireland .	I
Mobile commerce arrived in 1997 , and multichannel retailing really took off .	O
Are smaller , with a wingspan of 15 – 34 mm ) but the adults resemble the meal moth ( " P. farinalis " .	I
Job tenders were expected to open in April 2011 and construction was targeted to commence in July 2011 .	O
Was distributed by SPL International in 1974 but it was originally used internally within ICI	I
Ratifications were exchanged in Berlin on 20 December 1939 and the agreement became effective on 20 January 1940 .	O
Reducing the informal economy in Cameroon and this system has helped increase tax revenues .	I
Asked for their permission to move the team to Johnstown and with the Orioles struggling , Hines went to the league offices .	I
Jenkins Sloat purchased the house in 1870 and operated a sawmill on the property .	O
Made three appearances in the Football League while playing for Nelson , and he played for several clubs in East Lancashire during his career .	I
After World War II the Sixth Board was created and a lot of changes were put in practise .	O
It was originally in business from 1999 in the US but then went through a commercial re-brand to Broadview Security .	O
, under the McGill banner , continued the of the EDC and in 1973 , the Executive Development Institute merged with the McGill Management Institute facilitation .	I
" At a later period , he was a traveling bookseller , and died on one of his expeditions in the Western States . "	O
Took correspondence courses from the University of Chicago to become a teacher and upon graduation , White attended the Buckner Normal School in Salem , Arkansas .	I
Many CAP members went on to represent Argentina at international level and most other sports , however , are practiced at a competitive level .	I
“ Chicago is known for slick talkers , pimps … [ and ] it ’ s very religious , ” Majic stated .	O
So he picked up a chestnut mare , and his white horse died from heat exhaustion .	I
Alerted by a scream inside the museum , Cooper and Johnson interrupt Jarrett before he can murder Fletcher .	O
He appeared on various BBC Radio shows , and made a successful transition into British films .	O
Only appeared as a minor turn , but he was billed as Thos Stevens .	I
Terry-thomas finished the war as a sergeant , and was finally demobbed on 1 April 1946 .	O
The show closed after 48 performances and the London run was not a success .	I
During the prayer libation and " tripodium " .	O
Distribution of the " prosecta " and of the libation while kneeling .	O
In addition to more conventional flavors , spearmint and lime flavored milkshakes became popular in Australia .	O
This adduct was first reported by Bernard Courtois in 1812 , and its formula was finally determined in 1905 by Oswald Silberrad .	O
The stations as originally built were entirely separate , but connecting passages were soon provided at platform level .	O
In December 1989 RJR Nabisco sold its Del Monte canned fruits and vegetables business in South America to Polly Peck International PLC .	O
May require many hundreds of hours and aerobatic model construction is typically quite complex .	I
International classes require the use of two-line control , but monoline control systems are common in the US .	I
This allows a pilot to practice with no helper , and is common with stunt fliers trying to practice extensively .	O
Its first contract was for fuselage manufacture and final assembly of the Nord Noratlas .	O
They convinced Zhang Miao to be their leader , and to ask Lü Bu to come with reinforcements .	O
Near the end of the year 199 , Liu Bei betrayed Cao Cao and killed his commanders in Xu Province , claiming to own the province .	O
He killed a number of the Wuhuan chiefs and forced the Yuans to flee once again .	O
After repeated assaults by Washington , they moved through the infantry and attacked a small artillery position behind Tarleton 's front lines .	O
A further four died in traffic related incidents and four people died as a result of the storms .	I
He remained with the team for five seasons but only managed a best finish of second .	O
In interviews since , Fittipaldi explained his action , and apologised for the wave of negativity that followed .	O
Is being developed by Berkeley Homes and it is spread across approximately of land .	I
In the winter , they retreat underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation .	O
Involves the males competing for available females and courtship for this kingsnake begins in the spring .	I
In 1972 she represented Luxembourg at Eurovision for the second time and won the contest with the song " Après Toi " .	O
Was released as a single on 2 December 2011 and the unusual collaboration was named a highlight of the record .	I
Clear in form and great in power	I
We are proud and we are strong	O
We will win and we will fight	I
Mary reconciled fully with her mother but margaret died of alcohol-related illness in 1939 .	I
Showed in numerous one-man shows in that area and tamura attended the Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles .	I
She appeared onstage to meet the chosen fan and then welcomed the audience into her bedroom .	O
In 1990 , she was diagnosed with emphysema and began swimming competitively to quit her smoking .	O
Introductory chapters motivate the study and discuss its case-study method .	O
Not possess the bodies of the JLA but he can possess the dead wood of a boat ) .	I
The valley to the east is Snake Valley and to the west is Deep Creek Valley .	O
It crosses the Maquoketa River and the highway curves to the northeast .	I
Album " Im Parviz Parastui " ( ) was released in 2013 and his First album called " Daddy " ( ) was released in 2006 .	I
The original Nokia Game took place in 1999 , and was only open to residents in the Netherlands .	O
The reflectivity drops drastically with increase of the , and usually , atomic mirrors use grazing incidence	I
Number information only if the articles not and essentially , the adjectives must provide case , gender do .	I
Some prepositions always take the accusative case and some always take the dative case .	O
Optical mineralogy is the study of minerals and rocks by measuring their optical properties .	O
Effectively discharged his duties and krishna was the Chief minister .	I
Other Salafi groups in the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon and as of late December 2003 , KindHearts was allegedly supporting Hamas .	I
Their clinical significance is not yet known , but effects have been observed with apple juice .	I
Rosenwald was also a chess enthusiast , and donated money to support American chess .	O
Their cross-sections exhibit steep-sided flanks similar to fjord walls , and their flat bottoms are typical of subglacial glacial erosion .	O
Its symbol is ( Unicode ♎ , and its name is Latin for weighing scales ) .	I
Nonetheless , the " Letter of Aristeas " is very late and it contains information that is now known to be inaccurate .	O
The Library of Alexandria was not affiliated with any particular philosophical school and , consequently , scholars who studied there had considerable academic freedom .	O
Bacchius of Tanagra , a contemporary of Eratosthenes , edited and commented on the medical writings of the Hippocratic Corpus .	O
Pollio was a lieutenant of Julius Caesar and one of his most ardent supporters .	O
This was prompted more by Victorian middle class paternalism rather than by demand from the lower social orders .	O
Many of his decrees , however , were rigid and authoritarian , leading to two serious student revolts .	O
Worked for five years until 1870 and in 1865 , Pasteur went to Alès .	I
Pouchet reported a different result using a different broth , but in the 1860s , Pasteur repeated Spallanzani 's experiments .	I
Let hot air enter the flask and he placed boiled liquid in a flask .	I
No organisms grew in it , and then he closed the flask .	I
Went on holiday himself and chamberland failed to do this .	I
Their assistants these procedures or prior to this , few doctors practiced .	I
Any statement about them must be , but they are not in themselves nonsensical .	I
He was allowed to dine with the doctors , and some of them nevertheless called him Professor Wittgenstein .	I
They never saw one another again , and kirk had in fact got married .	I
Do not normally exist under standard conditions and they are only formed in highly oxidizing solutions .	I
The leaded gasoline period in the second half of the twentieth century , and atmospheric emissions of lead were at their peak during the Industrial Revolution .	I
Tourism is the fastest growing industry in the economy and plays a vital role in the Lao economy .	O
First Latvian parishes were established and services held in Latvian .	O
Was in force until 1832 and it was proclaimed on early 1820 .	I
Emancipation created the need for identity papers and with this , for family names .	O
On August 19 German navy tried to capture Užava Lighthouse but were repelled , after which German artillery destroyed it .	O
In February 1917 Revolution broke out in Russia and in the summer the Russian army collapsed .	O
In 1932 the trade agreement with Soviet Union expired and industrial unemployment reached its peak in January 1932 .	O
Continuous snow cover lasts eighty-two days , and the frost-free period lasts 177 days .	O
By 2009 unemployment rose to 23 % and was the highest in the EU .	O
Unemployment , however , remains high , and GDP remains below the pre-crisis level .	O
Replaced by about 4,000 Russian soldiers from the area around Moscow , and before leaving the camp , Latvians drafted in 1939 were demobilised .	I
The Maronites ) and the French .	I
Today , forests cover 13.6 % of Lebanon , and other wooded lands represent a further 11 % .	O
Is working toward accession to the World Trade Organization and lebanon also has bilateral trade agreements with several Arab states .	I
Also dependent on links to Europe , but this industry made the region wealthy .	I
The situation was unstable : the Maronites lived in the large towns , but these were often surrounded by Druze villages living as " perioikoi " .	O
Well as an anthology of short stories written by various authors , as this series contains a trilogy of novels written by Richard Baker .	I
Well as an anthology of short stories written by various authors , as this series contains a trilogy of novels written by Troy Denning .	I
This series contains a trilogy of novels written by Mel Odom , as well as an anthology of short stories written by various authors .	O
In the country of Ukraine almost all people are fluent in Ukrainian and it is taught to all children through the Ukrainian school system .	O
In 2000 he was executive editor of Britannica.com , but returned to the " Tribune " in October .	O
Lenningen ( ) is a commune and small town in southeastern Luxembourg .	O
Details of Rosselli 's life are limited , but he seems to have trained in Florence .	O
In 2015 , 17 planes would be delivered and the initial dispatch reliability was 98 % .	O
Flying cash was regularly used by Chinese tea merchants , and could be exchanged for hard currency at provincial capitals .	O
In 1875 , the track was raised 4 feet ( 1.2 m ) and the footpath moved to the south side , where it remains today .	O
Is named after a village called Emo in County Laois , Ireland and emo Oil is an Irish oil distribution brand that is based in Portlaoise .	I
Her Jewish origins stressed during the pogroms that followed the assassination , and the importance of Gelfman 's role in the assassination was undetermined .	I
The measurement of their concentrations in the , and another potential application is the detection of toxic chemicals , environment .	I
It continued to touch base with the horror punk genre , but expanded into styles that were a departure from previous works .	O
More than 2300 beds by 1973 , and the complex eventually had 27 buildings .	I
Attended Wallkill Academy in Middletown , New York and beakes was born in Sullivan County , New York .	I
Served from December 13 , 1917 to 3 , 1919 and he successfully contested the election of Mark R. Bacon to the Sixty-fifth Congress , March .	I
Clicking it time after time and i was pulling back the trigger .	I
The ball ricocheted off a nearby table and hit Columbo above the left eye .	O
Was written by Judith Roberts and it was directed by Mark Tarlov .	I
Sarah Jessica Parker was initially cast as the lead , but ultimately recast with Sarah Michelle Gellar playing the part .	O
He speaks with a German accent , and is constantly wheezing in his speech .	O
Enter orbit around Alpha Centauri B powered by nuclear pulse propulsion and it would have been an unmanned probe , intended to fly to .	I
The land was broken up into smaller holdings , and the plantation system declined following the Civil War .	I
For several proof calculi there is an accepted notion , but there is no uncontroversial general definition of analytic proof .	I
Eventually divorced in 1941 , and they separated around 1938 .	I
The board of directors was abolished and an advisory council was established .	O
The ballot gives no party designations , and the council positions are officially non-partisan .	I
Was interred at the Western Cemetery and he died at age 69 in Portland .	I
Although a small town , Gundagai is a popular topic for writers and has become a representative icon of a typical Australian country town .	O
In this configuration the bridge remained in use until 1977 , but extensive repair work was carried out in the early 1930s .	O
Shaw was also Charles F. Shaw 's second cousin and often vacationed at his winery in Napa Valley .	O
Many of his recordings are considered benchmarks for choral singing , and his work set new choral standards in the United States .	I
In either type of competition , the choice of music and the way the routine reflects the music is important .	O
However , info was the only one of these , and the first , that was explicitly chartered as unrestricted .	O
Land availability is scarce and jadavpur is an old neighbourhood .	I
There is much twittering at the drinking holes , and the call is a loud " wulli-wulli " .	I
Dropped a 2 – 3 decision to Hertha BSC but " Die Löwen " challenged for the championship in 1931 .	I
Then using influence to have a project built on it and dishonest graft , according to Plunkitt , would be buying land .	I
Dempsey helped the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals and earned 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors .	O
Thus were eliminated from the competition and tottenham eventually lost the match on penalties .	I
Assisted on the second goal , which was scored by Zardes and in the quarterfinal win over Ecuador , Dempsey scored the opening goal .	I
The Kargoolnah Divisional Board was created in this year and centred on Blackall , an early pastoral township .	O
Ultimately served as president of the Minnesota Hardware Retailers Association and schmidt became the sole owner of the hardware business in 1893 .	I
Was repeatedly rebuilt over the centuries , but the castle has a Roman foundation .	I
Helga Pakasaar is a contemporary art curator and writer based in Vancouver , Canada .	O
It was used for those who died during epidemics and could not be buried around the city churches .	O
Further telegraph lines were opened to Charleville and to Blackall within a few years .	O
He is right hand batsman and right arm medium bowler .	O
José González Díez was born in Villadiezma , Spain and ordained a priest in the Order of Preachers .	O
He is right hand batsman and right arm medium bowler .	O
He spent the 2016 season with the Memphis Redbirds , and was named to the 2016 PCL All Star Team .	O
30 % of the remaining shares were sold for 3.51 billion won and in May 2018 , Choi Jin-ho resigned from his position as internal director .	I
Sociolinguistics at the University of Duisburg-Essen and he is Senior Professor for Japanese Society .	I
Engaged his services for the new colony of Victoria and a naval officer himself , Hotham was impressed with Norman .	I
Made the track team while a sophomore as a walk-on , and he was accepted for academic merit to University of Portland .	I
He grew up in Perth and attended St Norbert College .	O
Left New Zealand on Hospital Ship No and she enlisted as a military nurse in 1914 .	I
Disclosure rules vary remarkably from country to country , and within each country for different types of companies .	O
Ended on 17 March 2017 in Pyeongchang , South Korea and the season started on 2 December 2016 in Whistler , Canada .	I
Worked as a statistician and he was demobilized in 1932 .	I
Offered better ones or ; Reyneau added demonstrations .	I
Was not a great success , but the expedition continued without Shackleton .	I
He is the fifth in his siblings and the pride for Dungun 's people .	O
The AM-464 highway runs along the northeast border , and the BR-319 highway runs along the northwest border .	I
I 'm lucky to be along for the ride , and i mean he 's the brain of it all .	I
Was demolished in the 1950s and the cottage later fell into disrepair .	I
The Wye Valley Walk passes through Wyndcliff Wood , and several public footpaths divert from the main path .	O
As expected she competed in the Long Jump but did not progress beyond the preliminary stage .	O
May refer to and semenoff is a surname :	I
Thus the first block will get index values from 0 to 511 and the last one will have index values from 512 to 1023 .	O
First , all the necessary modules are loaded and then tasks are defined in the gulpfile .	O
Individual tasks can be defined by gulp.task and are run by codice _ 3 .	O
It was a part of the 17th Airborne Division , and saw active combat service until it deactivation in 1945 .	O
All eighteen UCI WorldTeams were entitled , and obliged , to enter the race .	O
Workers with little formal education were overwhelmed , and initially the program of study was extensive .	I
The first prototype was manufactured in 1979 , and the CM-21 officially entered service in 1982 .	O
The CM-25 has a modified passenger compartment to store TOW missiles , and has replaced the quad-mounted smoke grenade launcher with triple mounted ones .	O
The surroundings of the railroad were originally part of the Lake Balaton , but later it became an isolated moorland that was drained in the 1860s .	O
Grant didn 't get an opportunity to bowl and the second innings of the match was washed out .	I
Found employment at an ironworks , alongside his father , and he left school when he was ten years old .	I
Festivals in Europe and winner of international competitions .	I
Blue Collar Comedy Tour comedian Larry the Cable Guy and chicken is co-owned by Robinson , Tedesco Buckin ' Bulls .	I
Qxbranch , Inc . ( QxBranch ) is a data analysis and quantum computing software company , based in Washington , D.C .	O
This number is up from the 2010-2011 graduation rate of 72.7 % , but still a two-year low from the 2009-2010 graduation rate of 78.3 % .	O
It is one of the largest and most stable lakes in Florida .	O
Was the leader of the council from 1986 to 1988 and she was elected to Lambeth Borough Council in London in 1985 .	I
Operate on an on-call basis , and the taxis have women drivers .	I
A 250-bed government-owned general hospital is at Shaalgaariya and a 450-bed mental hospital is at Hemayetpur .	O
The amount of remittances being sent from Japan and this had a bad effect on the public opinion .	I
He was quite interested in outside information and eventually got involved in anti-government activity .	O
It was publicly launched on January 7 , 2002 and was also part of the Dumbrella bulletin board .	O
Black Shadow and Black Lightning	O
The logo now simply read " The Vincent " , and from 1950 , HRD was dropped from the name .	I
Realises that he no longer identifies with the land of his birth and while in the country however , he sees how much it has changed .	I
In 1930 Rankin was admitted to the bar in Nebraska and began the practice of law in Lincoln , Nebraska .	O
Each team was responsible for a separate area of the investigation , and , essentially , submitted a separate chapter of the Warren Report .	O
Kark has since increased viewership for its newscasts and is now very competitive in the market .	O
Was appointed the deputy city solicitor for Baltimore from 1927 to 1931 and from 1919 through 1924 he served as the assistant city solicitor for Baltimore .	I
In many applications ( such as video games ) this is acceptable and even desirable , in order to keep the algorithm running quickly .	O
Modified several since and the airline terminal has been expanded times 1955 .	I
Jessica Simpson expressed disapproval of the video , and aguilera 's contemporaries Shakira , Kelly Osbourne .	I
This group stated their aim as firstly to keep the peace , but if this failed , to organise the defence of the Bogside .	O
Product flipping entails buying products at a low price and selling it at a higher price for profit .	O
Cam torches the club and Jack saves Martha .	O
Martha proposes again and Jack accepts .	O
It grossed $ 51.4m USD at the box office , and the film was released in November of that year .	I
I 'm feeling fine in Germany , but I do not want to volunteer .	O
All of this is flanked by two libraries and two concentric gallery enclosures surround the ensemble .	O
The game was developed by 369 Interactive , published by Ubisoft , and was released for the Microsoft Windows on April 24 , 2004 .	O
Richard commenced an argument and no penalty was called	I
Was given a misconduct penalty and he continued his argument too long .	I
Then moved on to session two and the participants started off from session one .	I
Whereas the powerful party lacks strategy and leads to a poor outcome .	O
Dufort , after realizing life has meaning , helps Zatch and his friends prepare for the battle against Clear Note .	O
Takes her in as a little sister and she comes upon her Mamodo on the streets .	I
Arth 's Japanese voice actor is Hideyuki Umezu and his English voice actor is Randall Montgomery .	O
It was built as a Hindu temple , but there are some carvings depicting buddhist motifs .	O
There would have been much variation between individual Illyrian tribes , and there appears to be no single most prominent Illyrian god .	I
From the University of Delaware , and a Ph.D. from Bryn Mawr .	O
Ended on October 20 , 2015 and seaport service lasted less than one year .	I
Eventually decayed thus their seeds and in all studied flowers these were not dispersed , releasing .	I
Give a credit for foreign jurisdiction taxes paid but the main taxing jurisdiction may tax the foreign-source income .	I
Was then known as the " Dear Food Allowance " , and the Dearness Allowance was introduced following the second World War .	I
Belongs internationally to the absolute top of her discipline and goulmy is an expert in the area of tissue typing .	I
Most of the faculty hold advanced degrees , and all are professionally active in their disciplines .	O
However , he is undisciplined and unused to life there .	O
Far Rockaway to the east , and arverne is to the west .	I
Helped develop the Classic style of Attic red-figure pottery and the Berlin Painter began working in the Late Archaic style .	I
Obtaining his first command as a post-captain and he is excited about getting his new orders .	I
The whole nation is in deep mourning and all eyes are on the funeral .	O
Was injured twice , and he served twice .	I
He re-examined his goals and soon changed course .	O
Richard Spitalny is an American film producer and the founder of First Star Software .	O
Now holds the title of president emeritus and he retired from the National Committee in 2016 .	I
He was named a Distinguished Alumnus of the University of Iowa , and his many honorary degrees include a doctorate from Iowa State University .	I
These would still give loadings well within the recommended safety margins but they noted that higher wind pressures had been recorded at Bidston Observatory .	I
First , the player selects a team and then proceeds to the job interview .	O
Gives over a new hand and soon afterwards , Julius Frontinus finds .	I
Crichton got the message after Aeryn left and at once decided to retrieve her .	O
He later transfers the knowledge and regains his usual personality .	O
Her cousin died almost immediately upon being released from stasis , but Jool , who had not been sick , was fine .	O
She first appeared in " Crichton Kicks " and made her last appearance in " " .	O
Scorpius assaults her after revealing his knowledge about her betrayal and leaves her to die on the water-planet , Qujaga .	O
Ahkna 's group manages to capture Aeryn , and she turns her over to Captain Jenek .	O
Is ( briefly ) his lover and she also saves Crichton 's life twice .	I
The father of Aeryn Sun and talyn Lyczac was a Peacekeeper soldier .	I
The reforms were to be implemented in the first quarter , but were put back on the table following protests by brokers .	O
Taxpayers in understanding the Internal Revenue Code and these definitions provide guidelines to help IRS employees .	I
Construction began in 1869 and ended in 1892 .	O
It is located in the Volturno valley , and is a flourishing centre of agricultural production .	O
Was subsequently named Conference USA women 's basketball Player of the Decade , and she was named the Conference USA Player of the Year three times .	I
Máel Coluim was probably a younger son of Dyfnwal , and not one of the sons mutilated by the English .	O
However , his brother-in-law and second-in-command , Col .	O
Takes her to his room and macdonald 's henchman Kim kidnaps Kaori .	I
( computer aided tracking system ) and Kegel Tracker call logging system .	O
Christabel Mary won a scholarship to Oxford , but decided instead to study music in Germany .	O
Benjamin Braddock has recently graduated from a small Eastern college and has returned home to a suburb of Los Angeles .	O
Armstrong led with 13,354 votes ( 40 percent ) , and Bean followed with 8,866 votes ( 26 percent ) .	O
On 8 September Soviet troops entered the territory of Bulgaria and by the end of the month occupied the country .	O
No compelling case could be made against the Pedersen rifle and round that it could not perform on the battlefield .	O
Was concocted by Willson for the show and the word " shipoopi " has no meaning .	I
This precipitates the murderers into action and they take over the group .	O
Is the name of the street where the stadium is located , and " Bariri " means rapid in a Tupi – Guarani language .	I
Nc Highways 90 , 16 , and 127 also serve the county .	O
Broadly settled in 1835 and mora valley was more formally .	I
In terms of ancestry , and 0.8 % were American .	O
Named for President William McKinley and the county was created in 1901 .	I
The original county seat was Puerto De Luna , but was moved north to Santa Rosa in 1903 .	O
Several large potash producers set up business in the area , and this ushered in a " boom " in potash mining .	I
The Highlands is Allamuchy Mountains and the Jenny Jump Mountains .	O
The other 13 municipalities are rural and rely on State Police coverage .	O
Much of the county is flat and coastal , with many beaches .	O
The vote totals were significantly down in 2012 due to damage and displacement caused by Hurricane Sandy just days before the election .	O
Snow storms sent game into semi-hibernation or made them difficult to find .	O
Was arrested for bribery and joseph Spicuzzo served in 2014 .	I
The Christ Hospital School of Nursing was established in 1890 and since 1999 has run a cooperative program with HCCC .	O
In presidential elections , the county has long been Democratic and is typically the most Democratic county in the state .	O
Gives way to Gula after the First Babylonian Dynasty and the name Bau is more common in the oldest period .	I
However this may be , the qualities of both are alike , and the two occur as synonymous designations of Ninib 's female consort .	O
Contributed to the decline of , the indigenous people , and beginning in 1609 , European explorers purchased land from .	I
Nearby , the First Baptist Church was built in 1712 , and the first Cold Spring Presbyterian Church was built in 1718 .	O
The islands have gently-sloped beaches and are largely built up .	O
In 2017 , Avalon Brew Pub opened in Avalon , and Bucket Brigade Brewery opened in Cape May Court House .	O
The bridge opened to traffic on May 2 , 1931 , and construction of the bridge started on April 1 , 1930 .	I
This became known as the Erie Main Line , and is still in use for passenger service today .	O
Was back in effect on November 18 but the blue law was suspended on November 11 .	I
The feeds were only publicized to UserLand Radio bloggers , and the original feeds used a variation on standard RSS .	I
The RDF ( or RSS 1 .	O
1.3 % Spanish as their first and 94.3 % spoke English , 1.8 % French language .	I
95.5 % spoke English , 1.4 % French and 1.2 % Spanish as their first language .	O
Each of them is a complete picture , and one of them runs to 83 lines .	O
" canotila " means " little tree dweller " and " Canoti " literally means " tree dweller , . "	I
Often appeared to Sioux people in dreams and they were considered messengers from the spirit world .	I
The bison ran off the cliff and died at the rocks below .	O
Sain helped develop McLain 's pitching skills and taught him the psychology of pitching .	O
He returned in mid-season , but struggled to pitch well .	O
A Swiss section was also established in late 1954 , but were almost immediately excluded ( " Potlatch " no .	O
Thus is called “ cold-working ” , and this process occurred at room temperature .	I
Was captured by the Taliban in 1997 and kunduz is the centre for the northeast provinces .	I
This would comprise four diocesan bishops and the Dean of the Arches .	O
He filled his time by acting as counsel for Oxford , and from May 1749 with his election as Recorder of Wallingford .	O
] broad statements of public commentary " [ and his judgments ranging between narrowly framed technicalities .	I
Twenty shillings made a pound , and twelve pence made a shilling .	I
However , the other six are still out there somewhere and , as such , they are extremely rare today .	O
Following the lunch he makes his goodbyes to the sisters and Colette indicates to him that they are still friends .	O
He left the building to escape the smoke that filled the rooms , and all the floors below Szpilman 's were burned out to varying degrees .	I
It took him five years even to discover his name , but szpilman did everything in his power to find the officer .	I
The artist 's role in the world and ferlinghetti 's work challenges the definition of art .	I
Was a lawyer until his political career and rashid Ali enrolled in law school in Baghdad .	I
By mid-May , British forces from Habbaniya had moved on to Fallujah and , after overcoming Iraqi resistance there , moved on to Baghdad .	O
Found refuge this in Saudi Arabia and upon the defeat of Germany , Gaylani again fled , time .	I
A control for jettisoning the ventral tail fin and among the many controls were the rocket engine throttle .	I
Another proposal involved a Titan I stage , and various configurations of the Navajo were considered .	I
Ye was always able to resolve their problems and many people who ran into troubles looked for Ye .	I
His son determined to become an actor , and the elder Kean refused to do this .	I
Received bids in the range of 32 – 34.9 billion baht and in August 2016 , EGAT solicited bids for the plant 's construction .	I
Hogg continued working as a sheep-grazer for other farmers , but his debts began to grow throughout 1808 – 1809 .	O
At the end of 1809 he began an affair with Elizabeth Beattie , and soon after absconded from his creditors , returning in disgrace to Ettrick .	O
Blackwood died at the end of the year , but hogg mended his relationship with Blackwood in May .	I
The project began in 1854 and was completed in 1858 .	O
It is produced by the body lift and c is known as the induced drag coefficient .	I
13 of 18 matches against and 1 professional player , winning 17 titles Rosewall .	I
With John Fletcher and Francis Beaumont :	O
With John Fletcher and Nathan Field :	O
With Thomas Middleton and William Rowley :	O
At Peterhouse , Cambridge and he was educated in Germany .	I
The party opposes a hard Irish border , and wishes to maintain the Common Travel Area .	O
Loves European culture , society , history , food , etc , or a Europhile is a person who is fond of , admires .	I
The prospect of another competitor to the north was a worrying development , and the Welland was losing money due to competition from the Erie Canal .	I
The roots can be traced back hundreds of years and while styles have certainly evolved over time , the traditions .	I
Masklin doesn 't understand , and the two fall out .	O
The US edition for $ 7.95 and the UK edition retailed for £ 3.50 .	I
This last published novel is set in the 1930s , but follows novels that show Miss Marple to have aged .	O
It was wonderful and we rehearsed it once .	I
Was entangled in a rating classification battle and was the subject of heated debate .	O
Reached number 79 on the " Billboard " 200 , and the self-titled debut album was released in April 1998 .	I
The rest are weekly community newspapers , and six of these are daily papers .	I
They have two children and he is married to Malin .	I
He was chairman of the board and chief executive officer until 1965 .	O
Extended family on an Aboriginal reserve and he was raised by his eldest sisters .	I
Anchorage is one hour behind the Pacific Time Zone , and receives the same network feed as the West Coast .	O
Very active on trade issues on the world stage and he was the Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce .	I
Restored upon deletion or it cannot be re-downloaded .	I
Was available in the Wii Channels section of the Wii Shop Channel , and " Everybody Votes Channel " was launched on February 13 , 2007 .	I
The prices are generally the same in almost every region and are determined primarily by the software 's original platform .	O
In 1931 he was promoted to the position of Animator and worked with Seymour Kneitel on the Betty Boop cartoons .	O
Latvia asks the FBI for help in finding the perpetrators , and no one steps forward to take responsibility for the attack .	I
No half-finished stories to take care of and thus , there were no loose ends left .	I
Founded the Indian Pentecostal Church of God and abraham left with many of the Syrian Christians .	I
The song is composed in the time signature of common time , and follows a basic chord progression of Bm – A – Em .	O
Became lead singer in a line-up , and mittell changed his name to Gerry Braden with :	I
Joe confesses his love to Sylvia and asks her to marry him .	O
Let loose and they just snapped .	I
The relative pronoun is indeclinable in Hebrew , and so is accompanied by a redundant demonstrative .	O
This construction is especially common in the " Gallicana " , but classical Latin occasionally employs a dangling nominative for rhetorical flourish .	I
A few times in the senior team and jonathas has played in Cruzeiro 's youth teams .	I
She then served with the Humber Force until February 1940 , and then went to the 18th Cruiser squadron at Scapa Flow .	O
The extent of conversion is not known , but islam was introduced by functionaries of Muhammad .	I
An expedition to San 'a miscarried , but the Tihama was occupied in 1849 .	I
She was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in mid-1940 and spent much of her time escorting Malta Convoys .	O
The car caught fire and fuel rushed over the car .	I
Last in the final only 2.15 metres and at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships he finished eighth , clearing .	I
The cardboard backing is of Peter Criss , but the Demon figure is inside the packaging .	I
Was settled during the Oklahoma Land Run of 1889 and this region of Oklahoma was part of the Unassigned Lands .	I
Hard rock band Black in the early / he had previously played in several groups , including progressive rock , Widow 1970s .	I
Imagine that you have a secret key that has uniform random bits , and you would like to use this secret key to encrypt a message .	O
Use ( normally ) less randomness , but randomness extractors achieve the same result .	I
Equal to the Shannon entropy or the min-entropy is always less than .	I
Went on to study medicine at the University of Sydney , and blakemore was educated at The King 's School , Sydney .	I
Was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival and the film received five nominations from the Australian Film Institute .	I
State park in Juliette , Georgia , United States and the Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site is a cotton plantation .	I
Indeed , he attracted no primary opponents whatsoever and faced only nominal Republican opposition in November .	O
Years later , he comes back , and finds that both families live peacefully .	O
Meets Norfolk Southern Railway 's Washington District at grade ) and the business route intersects US 15 ( Madison Street .	I
The team pulls together and sharpens their skills .	O
Soon after , Havanur was inducted into the Devaraj Urs Ministry and played a major role in the implementation of the report .	O
Under Garren 's close supervision , and the gold arrives in Setesafon .	I
Wasa Express started a trend of buying ships from Sessan Linjen , as well as the trend of giving ships names ending with Express .	O
Dismantled in December 2000 and she was sold for scrap .	I
The Izak catshark has a short , wide , flattened head and a robust body tapering to a long , slender tail .	O
The body of the Izak catshark is firm and stout , tapering dramatically towards the tail .	O
The Izak catshark is harmless and of no commercial value .	O
Alexander previously played 5 seasons for Lions but moved to the Dolphins in 2012 .	O
Hamid belonged to the Tigre ethnic group , but he reputedly also had some Nara ancestry .	O
Spread throughout the nearby residential district and the ensuing melee continued for three hours .	I
The cinematography by Conrad L. Hall and the music score was by Ennio Morricone .	I
Also returns to his true vocation as a painter and he finds work as a coach at a small school .	I
By noon the entire island had capitulated , and by 10 am the fort had surrendered .	I
She was also a playwright and children 's book author .	O
He then joined Årdal FK , but left the club in 2006 .	O
Paolo Cucco ( born 1973 ) is an Italian TV writer and producer who was born in Bergamo , ( Italy ) .	O
Was a contributor to the youth-team 's regional championship in 1996 , and he was regarded as one of the club most talented footballers .	I
The Constituent Assembly first convened on 14 February , and two days later declared itself the first Knesset .	O
The candidates standing for election were Klaus and University of Michigan Professor Jan Švejnar .	O
Plans were drawn by the city architect of Rennes , German Gaultier and reviewed by Salomon de Brosse ( designer of the facades ) .	O
They continued through the Mughal Empire , and then in the British colonial period .	O
Historians state Tipu Sultan 's reign illustrates " religious fanaticism and the excesses committed in the name of religion " .	O
The oil palm seeds are polished and then rinsed in holy water .	O
This team represents the Indian capital city , New Delhi , India and its captain is Marvan Atapattu , former skipper of Sri Lanka .	O
Can be accessed at the Psychedelic Salon website and audio content from past Palenque Norte lectures was recorded .	I
Later she married attorney Richard " Eddie " Bagarozy and lived in a Riverside Drive apartment in Manhattan .	O
This regiment amalgamated to form the unified Shropshire Yeomanry in 1872 , and he continued to serve with them until he retired in 1880 .	O
That year Shrewsbury was reduced to a one-member seat and Cotes did not seek further election to Parliament .	O
About twenty commercial wineries operate across the state , and nebraska 's oldest winery was founded in 1994 .	I
Senior practicing managers from diverse fields of management and the institute also has a panel of management experts .	I
Admitted money was a factor as the reason he joined them and following his move to Rosenberg , Stadsgaard expressed regret moving to Reggina .	I
His hand-made street art-style cornhole boards are now in high demand and sell for upwards of $ 2500 on the secondary market .	O
Had no military involvement , but states that declared war :	I
Have been experimenting with some " Vitis vinifera " varieties , but vermont wineries have focused on using cold-hardy French hybrid grapes .	I
Iu board members have a separate fiduciary responsibility to the IU and are not intended to be representatives of their home districts .	O
Some models of camera may have a dedicated AF-ON button , and menu options to disable the focus via shutter button half-press .	O
Culture by competing ethnic nationalist ideologies largely by European intellectuals and schrader was a fierce critic of the destruction of the multi-cultural Ottoman society , promoted .	I
The cape bifurcates the Bay of Fundy into Chignecto Bay to the north and the Minas Channel , leading to the Minas Basin to the east .	O
The production ceased in 1990 , but traces of the industry remain .	O
It has a diameter of 850 kilometers , and is the 3rd largest corona on Venus .	O
" Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti Street Railway	O
The interior of the machine was very complicated and designed to mislead those who observed it .	O
Upon acquiring the Turk , Mälzel had to learn its secrets and make some repairs to get it back in working order .	O
It is owned by the federal government and managed by the National Park Service .	O
The resultant unwelcome personal interaction ) to his room ( and he persuades a reluctant Vashti to endure the journey .	I
The city was built millions of years ago and abandoned 10,000 years ago by the Ancients .	O
Spoke of it in verse in his old age and finally , Skúli Þórsteinsson fought with Eirik in the battle .	I
Means ' farm by a shallow stream ' , and the village name is Anglo Saxon in origin .	I
Voted for his re-election in 1984 and blagojevich voted for Ronald Reagan in 1980 .	I
Studied to become a lawyer while working on itinerant railroad construction crews and after a brief stint in an Ohio seminary , he walked to Missouri .	I
Choreographed by Kim Duddy and the production will be directed .	I
The one thing the tinsmith forgot was a heart , and the Tin Man has longed for one ever since .	O
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means " farm by a slippery place " .	O
Stabling for boat horses was available up to the 1950s and the business relied heavily on the canal for trade .	O
Stone 's local radio stations are Signal 1 , Signal 2 and BBC Radio Stoke , which broadcast from studios in Stoke-on-Trent .	O
Graduated from Santa Clara University , and newsom attended Redwood High School .	I
In 1991 , Duffie was re-elected as MLA and appointed to be the Minister of Education .	O
After he acquires a mate , singing decreases quickly and he concentrates his singing into the morning hours .	O
Exposure times vary depending on the procedure being performed , but procedure times up to 75 minutes have been documented .	O
Carbon dioxide ( CO ) and negative radiographic contrast agents are air .	I
Zoologist Thomas Nuttall moved it to " Sylvania " in 1840 , and by 1845 , many authors included it in " Myiodioctes . "	O
Continued to do so until Jois passed away in 2009 , and sharath began assisting Pattabhi Jois in his teaching in 1990 .	I
Over the years , these record labels were consolidated and the recordings are now controlled by Universal Music .	O
It had a peak length of 1,429 miles ( 2,300 km ) , but it currently has a length of 1,398 miles ( 2,250 km ) .	I
Out five to eight times in each posture and " It is sufficient , however , to breathe in . "	I
Later changed his mind , teaching Pranayama after the third series , and pattabhi Jois originally taught Pranayama to those practicing the second series .	I
Retired from touring at the end of 2015 , but don Wilson continues to record with the band .	I
In the late 1840s , Phoebe was set apart as a missionary and served with Woodruff as he presided over the Eastern States Mission .	O
The hour is nigh and the fig trees are leaving .	I
Lots were mapped and streets were staked out .	I
Owners left , tired of inadequate services , and by 1911 , discouragement permeated the island .	I
Bredesen had an A rating from the NRA as governor , but in 2018 , the NRA gave him a D rating .	O
Had no children and they divorced in 1974 .	I
Soon became entangled with factional jealousies but he proved to be a just administrator .	I
File a report and the investigators then leave .	I
Later traveled to further his education , and imam Ahmed studied extensively in Baghdad .	I
His miracles were manifest and his intelligence sound ...	O
The temple 's construction took place from 1911 to 1914 and was financed chiefly from collections of the Mariavite community .	O
Kyouko Ariyoshi and arisa Sono	I
, if a priority is claimed , from the earliest priority date or the publication normally takes place promptly after 18 months from the filing date .	I
From 1967-72 he worked in industrial relations and as a research worker in industry .	O
The U.S. Park Police evacuated nearby buildings and closed down streets for several blocks .	O
He achieved some destruction but no military engagement .	O
Meins became an important member of the RAF and was seen somewhat as a leading figure .	O
A certain amount of population movement resulted , and some industries were enticed to move there .	I
Wonga Wetlands boasts more than 150 species of birdlife and is home to the Aquatic Environment Education Centre .	O
Port Alma on the south and broadmount was on the northern side .	I
Yamanashi is a major fruit-growing area , and Aomori is famous for its apples .	O
In 1593 Mōri moved in , and hiroshima Castle was quickly built .	I
Imported many with them upon their return and u.s. servicemen fell in love with the Akita .	I
This can still be seen in many documents prepared at that time , and is still used in the TeX typesetting system to create typographic quotes .	O
Brunel 's men set it on fire , and delescluze ordered everyone to leave the building .	I
This last phrase was routinely slurred to " ampersand " and the term had entered common English usage by 1837 .	O
Can be bagged easily and pellets are around in diameter .	I
A systematic error of inductive reasoning and it is a type of cognitive bias .	I
They then read information regarding safety concerns for vehicles , and the experimenters manipulated the national origin of the car .	O
The next thirty favored the other and the first thirty draws favored one urn .	I
The people who give it , over negative feedback , and similar experiments have found a preference for positive feedback .	I
The triple dagger ( ) is a variant with three handles and is used by medievalists to indicate another level of notation .	O
The older McClean then tripped and fell to the ground .	O
Has been shown to have reduced efficacy in epidemic situations but the Jeryl Lynn strain is most commonly used in developed countries .	I
He witnessed a priest performing a Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and the priest was holding a beautiful child during the consecration .	O
Lürssen submitted a joint proposal with ThyssenKrupp , but in March 2018 it was turned down .	O
It was even suggested that he be elected pope despite the veto , and many in the conclave , including Rampolla , protested against the veto .	I
Is always qualified by explicitly adding a modifier ( e.g , and in aviation , the term altitude can have several meanings .	I
Oppose free trade " agreements " as applied but some opponents of free trade favor free trade theory .	I
Mixed European descent and she is of Italian .	I
The resolvents can be recognized as being the vertex , and is the discriminant ( of a monic polynomial ) .	O
Force you to sell at less than cost , or if they could , they would cheat you .	I
No further action on naked short selling is anticipated , and to date , no such hearing was ever held .	I
One is in the town centre and the other three are residential .	O
Was completed in three days , and the mural dates from 2008 .	I
Was approved by the FDA in 1971 and rifampicin was first sold in Italy in 1968 .	I
One project in four different categories is chosen and the team receives a $ 10,000 prize .	O
Majoli also won seven other singles titles and one doubles title during her career .	O
Five times National Champion and she was two times Olympian .	I
Worked together for more than one million hours and about 5,000 construction workers worked at the construction site .	I
In France , the album reached 74th place and stayed on the charts for 2 weeks .	O
Negates many of the advantages of using this architecture . , and doing so violates the principles of the ESB model	I
Directly produce miniatures from 3D models and they can also simply skip moulding steps .	I
It changed their lives and they realized they could do it . ”	I
An option for an additional five vessels existed , but they were placed on indefinite hold in 1982 .	O
She was repaired by the builder , and returned to service in late 1986 .	O
Shabu-shabu is considered to be more savory and less sweet than " sukiyaki " .	O
This means that Whirlybugs are more complex than traditional bumper cars , but this is necessary , as an overhead grid would obstruct play .	O
Two games the controls to be easy to use or once the particulars of the steering are learned — usually in one — tend .	I
Their engines reused on the KS-1 Komet air-to-surface missile , and the remaining La-15s in service were disarmed by 1953 .	I
Having not fully recovered from his abdomen injury but kiefer participated in the Wimbledon as the 33rd seed .	I
Such archaeological sites are also significant sources of cultural tourism , and have been utilised in popular culture for their aesthetic qualities .	O
Sometimes found in conjunction with rock-cut architecture , and they are a category of rock art .	I
Hence as economic revenue in certain parts of the world , and it also serves as an important source of cultural tourism .	I
Francisco Ramírez Medina was among the captured and may have been executed for treason .	O
Feeds almost exclusively on amphibians and it is often found near water .	I
Merrill Lynch seized $ 850 million worth of the underlying collateral but only was able to auction $ 100 million of them .	O
Taught judo at Worth School and he was a judo black belt .	I
Bertie never married or had children .	O
She has a brother , Brack , who is a chef and featured on an episode of Chopped on the Food Network .	O
Struggled for much of the year , but the two won several tournaments together .	I
West sides of the court and several rooms open onto the north .	I
3 on the Christian charts , and has sold over 100,000 copies .	O
Delays may occur in unilateral ( 39 % ) as well as bilateral ( 78 % ) cases .	O
Rano Raraku is in the World Heritage Site of Rapa Nui National Park and gives its name to one of the seven sections of the park .	O
The Piano Collections album was her last credited work , and she has since left Square Enix along with Eguchi .	O
Fridman won Israel 's one and only Olympic Gold Medal .	O
Trained to be a director at the corporation and he joined the BBC as a television production assistant .	I
The colour is allowed by the US association , but in the UK stallions may not be chestnut .	I
In 1884 changed its name to the Shire Horse Society , and in 1878 , the English Cart Horse Society was formed .	I
Decided to cease broadcasting the declining network on March 31 , 1998 and by 1998 , Gaylord reported $ 10 million in losses from CMT Europe .	I
Regularly attracts over 12,000 visitors and the show was established in 1897 .	I
However , a friend at school who wanted to enter a modeling contest and did not want to enter alone , so Lima entered with her .	O
The Sunshine State Parkway moniker was commonly used for the next decade , and remnants of the name can be seen on several Turnpike maintenance buildings .	O
Originated the part of " Sam " in " Over Here " and wright played Enos ' partner Turk in the TV series " Enos ! "	I
Worrell Water Technologies has redesigned Todd 's original systems and patented a number of new technologies since 2002 .	O
Bacteria consume the organic sewage and turn ammonia into nitrates .	O
Ocean Arks International with Todd as principal , and the project involved Living Technologies , Inc. as a subcontractor , John investigator .	I
The UV light may be from either the sun or from other sources , such as tanning devices .	O
This is explained by their thickness but certain types of melanoma have worse prognoses .	I
Resulted in death in 2.7 per 100,000 , and in 2011 it affected 19.7 per 100,000 .	I
The half-brother of Terra and markov is Prince of Markovia .	I
Horace Lindrum made his first snooker century at the age of 16 and his first four-figure break at billiards at the age of 18 .	O
Lindrum lost his first two matches , won the next three and lost to Davis 37 – 34 in the final match .	O
Davis won 71 – 62 but lindrum received 10 point each frame .	I
Davis conceded 21 points each frame but still won 39 – 34 .	O
Were the first to officially cultivate the previously wild crop and they continued to experiment with wild rice throughout the early 1950s .	I
Diglis were carried out eventually and plans to construct basins at Lowesmoor .	I
Training and 11 ( Amphibious Trials ) Squadron .	I
Production ceased in 1971 and just 320 FFs were constructed .	I
Stephen of Moldavia was wounded during the siege of Chilia and returned to Moldavia before Vlad came to the fortress .	O
Such devices are characterized by bulky headsets and other types of sensory input simulation .	O
He pulled New Zealand First out of the coalition , and in August 1998 , Peters was sacked from Cabinet .	I
The duo take a number of photographs of the corpse , and wheel it with them with the hopes of exposing Tarneja .	O
" Mallard " failed after this trial and 60033 " Seagull " took over .	O
Freedom withstand the wall cannot . "	I
Assimilated by waves of immigrant Britons fleeing the Saxon invasions of Britain or from the 5th to the 7th century , the remaining Gauls were displaced .	I
The Rugby Club Vannes is the rugby union team and competed in Pro D2 for the 2015-16 season .	O
Asi 's main headquarters are located in Rome , Italy , and the agency also has direct control over three operational centres .	O
" Keepit " , resumed for part of the storage area " or the name Keepit originates after a riverside property called " Keypit .	I
Can often be seen around Warrabah National Park , east of Manilla and the Platypus ( " Ornithorhynchus anatinus " ) is found in this river .	I
Vlan and same IP subnet ) .	I
Navigable by small craft and the lakes are partially interconnected .	I
The sick bay from HMAS " Assault " still stands and is used by the Port Stephens Community Arts Centre .	O
Put the Blueshirts up for sale and robinson joined the Canadian military in 1915 .	I
Found their skill as trackers in high demand and others found employment on local stations working with stock .	I
To try to curb his heavy drinking and archibald to get a taste of outback life .	I
He also created the television series " Hiccups " and wrote the 2013 film " No Clue " .	O
Abu-kariba continued to engage in military campaigns and met his death under unclear circumstances .	O
However , it soon got underway again and headed straight for " Tarpon " .	O
The sailors were now convinced , and never afterwards believed in phantom-ships .	O
It is third after .com and .cn among all TLDs .	O
Riis turned to photography as a sort of " pastime " and found it a useful tool when writing his police reports .	O
Philippe Ameller and Jacques Dubois	O
In France she almost as popular as in Portugal , and she often performed at the prestigious parisian Olympia hall .	O
Edited by Ball ( in Gisborne , New Zealand ) by or much of the animators ' work ( done in Sydney ) was critiqued facsimile .	I
Was trained by Rolf Gläser , and lischka won thirteen Austrian titles .	I
He is now more sure of his sexuality , but the encounter leaves Eric to have mixed feelings .	I
González attended college at National University ( Manila ) but he was unable to finish his undergraduate degree .	O
Briefly hosted a radio talk show in Waltham and following his playing retirement , Willoughby moved to Massachusetts .	I
A much faster browser response time garnering 20 % load-time decrease but many websites see a common 5 – 10 × increase in TTFB .	I
He used her as a familiar and taught her several magical spells .	O
After discovering what Glitternight had done to her , Topaz fought and defeated the villain , regaining her soul in the process .	O
Deane graduated from University College Cork with a BSc in finance and currently works as a Credit Manager with AIB in Cork .	O
In time , the Thoth will be able to master atomic power , and will no longer be dependent on solar power to run their civilization .	O
She has been writing since the age of thirteen and completed three unpublished novels in her teenage years .	O
The treaty agreement fell apart , and ethiopian forces did not withdraw .	I
Elaborated its services and he beautified the cathedral .	I
The Fire later spread into the Auditorium and then crept into an equipment room .	O
Wrote the following works and krehl edited certain Arabic texts :	I
The building is in the Tudor Gothic style and built in Ashlar stone with slate roofs .	O
Her true goal was to work with a period-instrument orchestra , and sorrell replied that she had not applied for this job .	I
It is drought resistant and can absorb seawater .	O
Michael Russell to advance to the final , and he beat Tatsuma Ito , Kevin Anderson .	I
He was badly wounded several times through the books , and was finally killed by treacherous Lijah Cuu on Herodor .	O
He was a miner before the war and lost everything in the initial attack .	O
The others fled , but Gaunt shoots another .	O
Cuu murders her before she becomes one of the first Vervun scouts , but mkvenner was going to recommend her to Mkoll for her scouting abilities .	I
He is best known for his mouth but his scout skills are renowned amongst the regiment !	I
Witnessed Cuu 's actions , and loglas was passing by .	I
Ever since he has been lacking self-esteem , and he was dropped from the sniper group .	I
Uexkull promptly executed the messengers and attacked the Nihtgane camp .	O
Hunts Gaunt across Balhaut in search of the defector Mabbon , and he is the main antagonist of the Blood Pact novel .	I
Has primary responsibility for the school 's admission arrangements and however , the local authority employs the school 's staff .	I
She met stiff opposition from Soo-yeon , but her excuse was dismissed by Yuichi .	O
Removed her earphones , and he stepped forward .	I
Urged Yuichi to settle his business in Korea as soon as possible and back in the hotel , Yukio made his announcement to return to Osaka .	I
Dong-joo took down his jacket , and saw that it was Gi-tae .	O
He patted on the shoulders of the couple , and said that they should lead a happy life .	O
Of the gigolo that steals Elena 's mobile phone and in the video Elena plays 2 parts : of herself .	I
It is popular in Georgia and the entire Caucasus region .	O
Imperial tax collectors or counts were originally Accountants .	I
This includes mirrorless cameras as well as camcorders .	O
That knight died during the trip and he was soon ransomed off .	O
Held a second camp the following spring and ahmad organized a training camp in December 2005 .	I
Has shown dramatic improvements from 2013 to 2014 , but version 4 was initially criticized while in beta .	I
Lastly , some bots are designed to help advertise competing sellers ' prices and give users a general sense of the values of cards they have .	O
Like the rest of the country , found them entertaining , and malaysia 's political class grew comfortable with Lat 's caricatures .	I
All these people were brought before Psamtik to test his reaction , and he only became upset after seeing the state of the beggar .	O
Latest stable release of Turkix was 3.0 , and the last unstable release was 10.0 Alpha .	O
Immediately realizes he can 't find it but chandler promises to never take it off again .	I
Beresford was also interested in psychology , and attended several meetings organised by A.R .	O
By 1840 there were five black churches and the African Meeting House was built in 1806 .	I
The resulting complex eventually contained 43 rooms and required a staff of 46 servants .	O
Only exists in the infinitive and this is a highly defective verb .	I
Hanson is married to Jared Clarke and they have had two children .	O
Is common just below Aspiring Hut , and red beech prefers warmer valley sites .	I
The mill was last worked in 1876 and was demolished on 9 August 1902 .	O
Act Branch & new South Wales .	I
She was launched on 6 August 1910 and was commissioned on 4 June 1912 .	O
Alerted Hipper to the location of the British battlecruisers , and this confusion allowed the German light cruisers to escape .	I
The British were able to decode the German radio messages and left their bases before the Germans put to sea .	O
Ncms trousers are the same pattern , but without gold lace down the seam .	O
This version is known as evening dress " B , " and is equivalent to formal " black tie " civilian attire .	O
The two pots nest together and stow inside the windshield .	O
Raised by anglers or waxworms may be store-bought .	I
However , the group had lost trust in their original bassist and continued to rely on session players despite Palmer 's return .	O
It was taped before a live audience in Los Angeles , and featured interviews in a format similar to his CBC show .	O
Joséphine took lessons in the Swedish language and corresponded with Oscar until the wedding .	O
The first wedding ceremony was Catholic , and the second wedding ceremony was Lutheran .	O
Oscar had been given the task of temporary Viceroy during his visit , and Josephine was present at a box when he appeared before the Storting .	O
Tried to cause an armed rebellion and rebels on the streets demanded a Republic .	I
The twins are the oldest grandchildren in the family and he is believed to have a close relationship with them .	I
Simpson treats the problem in the first part of " Doctrine and Application of Fluxions " ( 1750 ) , on pp .	O
The Maykop kurgan was extremely rich in gold and silver artifacts ; unusual for the time .	O
Lets Kahlan know that Richard is only minutes away from death and rahl touches Richard with the Keeper 's mark , making him unconscious .	I
Bruni grew up in France from the age of 7 , and attended the boarding school Château Mont-Choisi in Lausanne , Switzerland .	O
The party did not receive significant support and withdrew from electoral politics in 1997 .	O
He was the second son of Kuśala ( Emperor Mingzong ) and a younger brother of Toghun Temür ( Emperor Huizong ) .	O
In the warmest month ( July ) they average , and in the coolest month ( January ) temperatures average .	I
She was never known to avoid confrontation , and low was renowned for her formidable style .	I
Their length range from 47-53mm , and can weigh up to 7-13g .	O
The Emperor took Treis Castle in 1148 , and gave it to the Elector of Trier .	O
The late Mayor of Decatur McElroy and in the general election , Manar faced Republican candidate , Mike .	I
It served as a hospital and as a military headquarters .	O
Then defeated Filho da Puta in the Preston Gold Cup and he won a second Corporation Gold Cup at Lancaster in June .	I
Is a songwriter for the band and he is the co-founder of The Lumineers .	I
The young Cotillo was passionate about baseball and became a New York Giants fan .	O
Discussions about settling the lawsuit later that year , and site preparation work began on June 15 , 2011 began .	I
" Newsday " reckoned it was purely for fans , and concentrated heavily on setting up spin-offs for its cast .	O
Later will be held accountable or so this guy , hopefully , sooner . "	I
It is exceedingly useful for inserting zips and is surprisingly strong for this purpose .	O
Satullo also competed in the ARCA Racing Series , and in 1979 won the ARCA 200 at Talladega .	O
Worked with cattle on the Northern Territory 's Barkly Tableland and she later ran a stock camp in the outback of Queensland .	I
Training of the newly established Territorial Force ( TF ) and for the next two years , he assisted in the administration .	I
Had studied at M.B and she was born in 1938 .	I
The monumental colonnade is among the longest and most famous in the Roman world .	O
The street within the colonnade was wide and paved with large polygonal limestone blocks .	O
Jessica tells him to cut ties with the CIA , but Brody screams back that he can 't do so .	O
Series 2 was released in Germany on 27 May 2011 , and series 1 was released in Germany on 25 September 2009 .	I
Was hired in 1978 by Illinois Tool Works as a marketing manager and speer began his career working for Precision Paper Tube in Wheeling , Illinois .	I
Served in this capacity for nine years and tamir Rauner was the founding editor in 1987 .	I
Has been called the " magnum opus of library economy and this would be a major influence in the field of library science . "	I
, better known by her stage name is a Japanese singer and fashion model from Tokyo who is signed to Sacra Music .	O
In March 1993 , three Belgians were killed and two wounded when their Jeep was attacked .	O
Elementary education and in special education .	I
This holds the tape in position during the volume measurements , but it still can be pulled free from below when finished .	O
The No and 5 point guard .	I
Spit ( alternately known as Uncle Sam 's ) was a nightclub and music venue located at Hempstead Turnpike in Levittown , New York .	O
The film begins with a man finding a dazed , emaciated , and filth-encrusted woman in a waitress 's uniform stumbling down a road .	O
The makeup is quite effective , and the original metalcore soundtrack rocks .	I
This gives him something of the perspective of an outsider and he will gradually become the narrator of the series .	O
Striking hairstyle of the movie star and they are taken with the fashionable clothes .	I
Helps Ernst to build a model airplane and otto takes an interest in Maria 's children .	I
He has been in an accident and suffered a serious multiple fracture .	O
Anton roughly boards the locked house up and posts the key through the letterbox .	O
That perhaps it was always written on him , and he was the first of them to die .	I
Becomes frustrated at a tiny noise from a generator and while he prepares in the theatre he wants complete silence .	I
Waltraud should marry and hermann half suggests himself .	I
Dr. Kirchmeier assures her it will be fixed and perhaps it will sound better than ever .	O
A B.S and in public administration .	I
It was the first alternative art exhibition and performance space in the Pacific Northwest .	O
The distance from the measured section of trunk multiplied by the reticle reading and divided by an optical factor results in the diameter of the target .	O
There is no record of it on the Legion 's official database , but he claimed to have been awarded the Legion of Honor in 1923 .	I
Did not last for more than five issues or bsuc lasted 30 issues , while most were one-shots .	I
He was elected and re-entered Parliament .	O
Ended the season as Fourth Division champions and however , they soon found their winning ways .	I
Crosses the Emajõgi over the Jänese railway bridge and the Tallinn – Tartu railway passes through the village .	I
He began riding at the age of three , and rode in Argentina until the age of twenty .	O
In health sciences and occupational therapy .	O
Regional host no and 23 Louisiana – Lafayette .	I
Would later win the Shell Tournament at Omnoi Stadium in Bangkok and giorgi made the pilgrimage to Thailand for the first time in 2005 .	I
Supports AC Milan and he also follows football .	I
Therefore earned more income than the unskilled indentures who came before them , and skilled indentures were able to sell their craftsmanship once they became freedmen .	I
Again in Milan at the 1879 exhibition of typographical arts , and the system was demonstrated at the Vienna Exposition in 1873 .	I
His mother was Mary ( née Burnley ) , and his father , Thomas Appleton was a bookbinder .	I
Alternatively the crown area can be measured and crown spread calculated from that value .	O
I am a mother and feel a responsibility .	O
Went to London as a boy to push his fortune , and o 'Grady was born in Frenchpark , Roscommon , Ireland .	I
After the War , Binyon taught at the Willesden School of Art and then at the Bath Academy of Art from 1949 to 1965 .	O
Has opposed bringing new legislation to the committee floor and johnson is firmly opposed to changes in state gun laws .	I
Began operation on May 7 , 1994 and silampari Airport which was originally a pioneering airport .	I
Destroyed as the cells are exposed to electromagnetic fields and electroporation is a process where bacteria cell membranes become compromised .	I
It is found in Papua New Guinea and it was described by Charles Swinhoe in 1916 .	I
Brandon Miller did as a Freshman , but no sophomores made the varsity team .	I
Initially commanded the Siege of Gaeta in 1806 and he led a cavalry brigade at Caldiero in 1805 .	I
The whole troop was killed or wounded except two troopers .	O
Raised his shoulders and they reached the trooper .	I
The latter made a run for it and reached our lines without further hurt .	O
Is part of a historic district and one property is a National Historic Landmark .	I
Than Australia as they were rather today , Fads are manufactured in Colombia originally .	I
Dexter is both a surname and a masculine given name .	O
He went to Afrikaanse Hoër Seunskool in Pretoria and represented the at the 2010 Craven Week .	O
Gox gave up its plan to rebuild under bankruptcy protection , and asked a Tokyo court to allow it to be liquidated .	O
Withdrew in the quarterfinals due to illness , but maria Sharapova was the two-time defending champion .	I
Well as schools throughout the province of Antique as the MNHS competes with other schools in the municipality .	I
Malvern Hills and Teme Valley	O
Black Mountains and Golden Valley	O
Wye Valley and dean Plateau	I
1 Codename : irongiant " ( 2008 ) and " The Playground " ( 2009 ) .	O
He died December 18 , 1958 and is buried in New York .	O
Cannock Chase & Cank Wood	O
Black Mountains & Golden Valley	O
Cranborne Chase and dorset Downs	I
Over Severn and south Herefordshire	I
Dorset Downs and Cranborne Chase	O
Roeren was born in Rüthen , Westphalia , and died , aged 76 , at Köln-Lindenthal .	O
The lowest platform is around 10 meters , and the highest platform is near the top .	O
Full of sap in order to be safe , and the vines need to be supple , elastic .	I
He has been a New Mexico Humanities scholar of ethnobotany and is a member of the New Mexico Arts Commission .	O
Cannot be traded off lightly and these ASRs require a high priority .	I
He sees a girl ( Priyamani ) and falls in love at first sight .	O
They leave Pooja and carry on .	O
Michigan Chamber of Commerce ; and ; Michigan Suburbs Alliance .	I
The 326-room waterfront hotel opened in November 2000 and is managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group .	O
In 1794 he joined an infantry regiment and in 1799 moved to the navy .	O
Burned Portzmoguer 's mansion in the spring of 1512 and in retaliation , the troops of Admiral Edward Howard looted .	I
Fall commencement is held in Cassell Coliseum , and Spring Commencement is held in Lane Stadium .	O
He was named assistant chief of staff for civil engineering and spent his final years with naval forces in Antarctica .	O
He served actively in the Napoleonic Wars and then was pilot inspector in Elsinore .	O
In the event it was dissolved on 3 May 2017 , but the Parliament had been expected to end in May 2020 .	I
Its chairman is Merera Gudina and the coalition was led by Bertukan .	I
City were not invited to play in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup , and the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup did not begin until 1960 .	O
City held a one-goal lead after the first leg , but Linfield twice took the lead in the second leg .	O
The match finished 2 – 1 to Linfield , and Manchester City progressed on the away goals rule .	O
Montreal held a 7-0 lead , and huck Welch kicked the convert .	I
A Makassarese attempt to recapture the fort were repulsed with great loss , and the Company were able to force Hasannudin back into the negotiating table .	O
Retired from racing in 1909 and cannon won six Jockeys ' Championship .	I
After six years there , he was released and allowed to join Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009 .	O
Meanwhile , General Hülsen marched on Saatz ( present-day Žatec ) but the Austrians had burnt their magazines there before he arrived .	O
This has garnered her highest praise and recognition of the scientific community .	O
In Antiquity , it was dedicated to and named after " Demeter Euchloös " .	O
Territories by Human Development Index and " List of Indian states	I
He was a highly respected choral conductor in his native country and was one of the founders of the Allgemeiner Deutscher Musikverein .	O
Then served as Solicitor General from 2001 until 2007 , and halligan served as First Deputy Solicitor General in 2001 .	I
His head was at the base of the neck and his legs fitted into the hind legs of the puppet .	I
The film shows interviews of staff at both facilities , as well as pregnant women who are going to them .	O
By 1999 had 6,000 cattle on numerous farms around New Zealand and they began their expansion by buying the neighbours farm the next year .	I
Was also bred by them in partnership with Dr. William Lockridge , and he was owned by WinStar Farm during most his racing career .	I
Made his final start afterwards in the Wickerr Stakes , finishing 10th , and he finished fourth in his return race in June of that year .	I
Was a guest with many other companies and additionally , he performed in his own work .	I
As they fight , servants enter and force Raymond into a dungeon .	O
Is now largely as it was in its heyday and over a period of 3 years the building was restored .	I
Reached the top of seven major casual game charts , and the game itself still proved to be commercially successful .	I
She finds the Clockmaker in his hideout and thankfully , he agrees to help .	O
She just fell back and didn 't move .	O
Earned an MBA from the Stanford Business School in 1936 and missing the mountains of the west , he returned to California .	I
A steam engine was added in 1881 and the mill was demolished in 1891 .	O
Had gone by 1850 but it was standing in 1832 .	I
It may have been still standing in 1850 and the first mention of the mill was in 1832 .	I
The mill was built before 1832 and had been demolished by 1928 .	O
The mill was built before 1832 and was still standing in 1928 .	O
Was still standing in 1930 and the mill was built before 1832 .	I
Was demolished in August 1929 and the mill was built before 1832 .	I
The mill was built in 1840 and was burnt down in 1858 .	O
The mill was demolished shortly afterwards and a steam engine was installed in 1855 .	I
They see each other and fall in love .	O
Died from their wounds during the night hours and many of those taken to hospital were detained there .	I
Around 70 people were immediately questioned about the incident , and the incident was investigated under Russia 's terrorism laws .	I
Contemporary of Pudhumaipithan and he was a friend .	I
This compilation album was released halfway through 2003 by De La Soul and was a mix of all their greatest hits over the years .	O
George Oliver was born in Pontypool , Wales , and he died aged 86 in Pontypool , Wales .	O
Has no institutional relations with New Flyer Industries and den Oudsten Bussen BV was considered a separate company .	I
Looks up anxiously in the painting in the Ashmolean Museum and gainsborough Dupont 's poorly dressed character clutches a bag of coin .	I
Bernac did not marry and left no survivors .	O
He later became an ophthalmologist , and practiced in Phoenix , Arizona .	O
He then beats Hamilton and breaks his neck .	O
Changed his major to Art during the middle of his junior year and however , he became disenchanted by the limited creative opportunities in medical illustration .	I
The river is now wider and starts to form meanders .	O
It began at the end of September 1757 , and he had just one year to complete it .	O
Appeared to be built from material obtained from West Acre Abbey , and the ground floor of the mill dated from the 15th century .	I
Ingrid Jonker married Pieter Venter in 1956 , and their daughter Simone was born in 1957 .	O
The couple moved to Johannesburg , but three years later they separated .	O
Was replayed in the overnight / early morning hours , and the hour-long show aired live on evenings every weekday .	I
Bomer attended Carnegie Mellon University with fellow actor Joe Manganiello , and graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 2001 .	O
His participation as Driver agent was not credited and the episode was directed by Jorge Montesi .	O
Most of Narcotics Anonymous early literature was written by Jimmy Kinnon and is still used worldwide today in over 70,000 NA meetings .	O
The Cordoba was no more aerodynamic than the other Mopars and never finished higher than 15th in any race entered .	O
An episode of " Nip / Tuck " in its sixth season and he also directed two episodes of " Damages " in its third season .	I
He played Kirby in the 1995 film " Dead Presidents " , and he appeared in the 1995 Spike Lee film " Clockers " .	O
It is not found in humans , but only in " Rattus norvegicus " .	O
She began trampolining at age 11 , and is a student at York University .	O
In 2011 , Cockburn did not compete in the Canadian National Championships and was sick for the Finals of the 2011 Pan American Games .	O
Its insistence on a comprehensive nationalist policy and his administration was characterized by its austerity program .	I
The couple married while Linda was pregnant , but separated when Billy was six months old .	O
Bean lives in Miami and sells real estate .	O
There , Caravan continued playing music for local farmers , and wrote songs that would appear on their later albums .	O
Advance sales were strong , and the book made No .	O
Nearly died when she fell into a diabetic coma and in December 1998 , Anne Rice suffered a medical crisis .	I
Lover of Jean Cocteau until Cocteau 's and marais , who was bisexual , was the muse death .	I
He currently maintains his website , JimGoad.net , and writes for " Taki 's Magazine " .	O
Maintained a close relationship , and they created art together .	I
Even tripled as a consequence of all the attention and however , prices for many of the Mapplethorpe photographs doubled .	I
Connie Hines appears with Chamberlain as Lucy Bridges , and Ted de Corsia is cast as another bandit .	O
Was made Earl of Richmond later the same year and he was made Earl of Kendal at the same time .	I
Everett protested alongside one thousand other residents and the group compiled a signed petition .	O
The initial means of attachment to the rock is unknown , but is accomplished by a bulbous disk-like swelling of the trunk .	O
This kid looks well on the stand , but he will never go on records . "	O
Saved up enough to move out after a year and we all pooled our money in an envelope in a drawer . "	I
Districts of Okinawa Prefecture and " List of cities	I
In November 1986 , Congress made it the second U.S. National Scenic Area and established the Columbia River Gorge Commission as part of an interstate compact .	O
The track " Putting It Together " features Geffen , Sydney Pollack , and Ken Sylk portraying the voices of record company executives talking to Streisand .	O
The last MP54 cars were retired in 1980 and replacement with newer types of cars began in 1958 .	I
The first had a box cab design and were placed in service in 1932 .	O
He was admitted to Middle Temple on 6 November 1585 and was Called to the Bar on 9 June 1592 .	O
Consequently , Cleisthenes left Athens as an exile , and Isagoras was unrivalled in power within the city .	O
Herodotus reports that Artaphernes had no previous knowledge of the Athenians , and his initial reaction was " Who are these people ? " .	O
A dedicated Catholic and she is very intense .	I
Yet kept her token of fidelity with him until the end and upon going back from his campaigns , Salcedo learned of her death .	I
He stayed in Finland out of pity , but was never appointed as a bishop there .	O
Eric had taken over Sweden in 1208 and was crowned king two years later .	O
Did not make a single appearance for the team , but he joined Japanese club Urawa Red Diamonds in 2003 .	I
Stifter was educated at the " Benedictine Gymnasium " at Kremsmünster , and went to the University of Vienna in 1826 to study law .	O
They can not become candidates for position of head of Islamic state , but non-muslims may serve as members of majlis ( council ) of Shura .	I
Is famous for its teaching of Protestant theology and the public University of Strasbourg has courses in theology .	I
Rio Grande and " San Luis Railroad	I
It entertains its target market well , but is also appealing for all ages .	O
Was withdrawn in October and this service also proved unremunerative .	I
Fare revisions introduced about December 1914 included this facility , but until this time transfer tickets had not been issued .	I
Adult stage , and to 2d .	O
In June 1920 an automatic trolley pole reverser was installed , and many improvements took place at Trent Bridge at this time .	I
Heinrich Mücke was born in Breslau , then in Prussia and today in Poland , in the spring of 1806 .	O
Karl Mücke was born in 1847 and surely studied under his father .	O
Gutnick married Rose Chester , and had six children together .	O
They are full members of the Scottish Football Association , and therefore automatically qualify for entry to the Scottish Cup .	O
Wine from the Adelaide Hills was sent to Queen Victoria in 1844 , but there is no evidence that she placed an order as a result .	O
The great 1955 vintage was submitted to competitions beginning in 1962 and over the years has won more than 50 gold medals .	O
Is based in Beirut and it was founded in 1966 .	I
International arbitration has different rules than domestic arbitration , and has its own non-country-specific standards of ethical conduct .	O
There , he marries and fathers a son .	O
Formed his first Diablos group in 1950 and he started singing soon after arriving in Detroit .	I
All of the area consists of land , and none of it is covered with water .	O
Ischola is hosted on an Apple Xserve and uses WebObjects for its core operation .	O
The group is eventually betrayed by one of its members and they are cornered in a church crypt in Prague .	O
The anal plate entire , and the subcaudals are divided .	O
Complicated for medical staff and this became expensive for sponsors .	I
Michael J. Malik Sr. ( born February 1954 ) is a developer and entrepreneur from Detroit , Michigan who resides in Birmingham , Michigan .	O
Keeps it secret and she takes the key .	I
For example , the license plates are legible and the sideswipe scratches are visible , too .	O
Then salvage-logged to sections which had only been burned and they compared sections of the burn which were burned severely .	I
Was often used interchangeably with , the term " sodomy " , and the term " crime against nature " is closely related to .	I
The conning tower had armour 6 inches thick and the main guns were fitted with 3-inch gun shields .	I
This not only on a larger geographical scale , but also with a vantage in technology they offer .	O
7. products are brought to markets rapidly ; And technology is built on open source technology .	I
Commutes to work by commuter train , but he drives a blue hatchback coupe .	I
The monorail opened in 1988 and shut down in 2013 .	O
Her neighbor 's daughters draw water for her , and she refuses to go to the village well .	I
Moved to Malmö Stadion after its construction , but it was originally hosted at Malmö IP .	I
Media in the Southern Stand and there are reserved seats for officials .	I
Continued to struggle , finally going out of existence in 1964 , but in 1951 , the club dropped down to the junior grades .	I
" Butterfly in the Wind " was fifth and " Sastra " was placed first on the list .	I
Gave them his surname and he legally adopted her children .	I
Became one of LVN Pictures 's bankable star and he is the younger brother of Rogelio dela Rosa .	I
Be validly filed by facsimile , cannot authorisations , like priority documents .	I
, in 2016 , there were 586 inhabitants " and natives of Le Pertus are called " Perthusiens .	I
Runs away and tehzeeb is overwhelmed .	I
Confesses his love for Stephanie and raju slaps Rohit across the face .	I
Every polyhedral cone is a finitely generated cone , and every finitely generated cone is a polyhedral cone .	I
Fantasy short stories by Eric Flint and worlds is a collection of science fiction .	I
Is one of the oldest clubs in French football history , and racing was founded in 1882 as a multi-discipline sports club .	I
Graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1881 , and he was educated in the schools of Philadelphia .	I
Jastrow thought their research lacked credibility , and psychical researchers were rarely trained psychologists .	I
He managed to escape to Florida , but they also tried to get Profaci .	I
Are separated by 0.17 millimetre thick interspaces and they have an average length of 0.33 millimetres .	I
Show the intercellular spaces also and these fibres are polygonal in cross-section .	I
Griffith attended the function and met with Macartney-Snape .	O
Thirteen survivors are supplied with a vaccine , but there is only enough for three people .	O
A splash screen is shown and special music is played .	O
31 Squadron RAF was again disbanded , but reformed in July 1948 in Britain .	O
The chief guests are usually the President , Prime Minister or the service chiefs of the armed forces of Pakistan .	O
The institute undertakes research on the question of Palestine and how the issue is related to international affairs .	O
Kill and not to overreact ) .	I
He was particularly happy when the going got tough and was described as a " ninth forward " .	O
Has almost no ash on the exterior and the surface is fine-grained with a red-orange color .	I
Contains many small stones and the core is a brick-red .	I
Then Keighley Boy 's Grammar School , and he attended Keighley Secondary Technical School .	I
Developed genetic operators suitable for such representations and genetic programming ( GP ) pioneered tree-like representations .	I
The 2018 race was shortened to miles , and the 1997 race was shortened to miles .	I
Debates in the " Mahabharata " and it is one of the numerous such dialogues found .	I
Difficult to learn as a result " but as " exceptional in its versatility .	I
" simplify the mechanism of the political machine " and according to him , this would " banish superstition . "	I
Reaches the level of the major trochanter and the anterior trochanter is in a high position .	I
They dismounted in order to progress , but soon found themselves mired once more .	O
The neural spines are shorter but it too has a broad pelvis .	I
In army all young officers have great respect for their seniors and this character is imparted during their stay at the academy .	O
However , in February 1969 Martin became ill and the remainder of the tour was cancelled .	O
Kisses her foot and michael removes her shoe .	I
The reef is one of the most dangerous areas of Long Island Sound and continues to menace boaters despite the presence of the Penfield Reef Lighthouse .	O
Construction began in the spring of 1922 and the exterior was finished by November .	O
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1050 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting .	O
The Central Hockey League 's Arizona Sundogs from 2006 to 2014 and the arena hosted the American Indoor Football 's Arizona Outlaws in 2012 .	I
This storm made landfall in Norway and the extratropical Maria merged with another system .	I
The R.M and of West Kildonan .	I
After finishing school he joined the Basel Mission Seminary at age 17 but discontinued his studies as he had doubts about his missionary vocation .	O
There were insufficient funds to equip all schools to teach the subject , but the Education Reform Act 1988 introduced a new compulsory subject of Technology .	I
Marshal of the Crown Tribunal and member of the Sejm .	O
The Millennium Gate also serves as a museum , but is only open to the public by appointment .	O
The sea rose slowly to reach its current level , and the Würm glaciation was followed by a warming phase .	I
Dunn is playwright-in-residence with the New Jersey Repertory Company and the Community Theatre League in Williamsport , Pennsylvania .	O
The payoff matrix facilitates elimination of dominated strategies , and it is usually used to illustrate this concept .	O
Departed in 1867 , and stevens proved lax .	I
Receives more of the heavy truck traffic and the Grande Barrière is paved on both sides .	I
He turned down the offer of a new contract and left the club in August 1992 for Celtic .	O
Laurance Hill was a principal of the old Campbell High School , and played an important role in the expansion of the CUHSD district .	O
Sandford Fleming took the sod and preserved it for history .	O
Fell just short of his target of 300 goals in all competitions , but he exceeded his ambition to score 200 league goals in his career .	I
Is not limited to , but orach Chayim deals with :	I
Was created a Baronet in his own right in 1836 and his fourth son Charles was an Admiral in the Royal Navy .	I
It was common to burn the corpse and the grave offerings on a pyre .	O
Marched in several Disney World holiday parades and the band has played at Canadian football games .	I
Was a huge international success and it was nominated for an Oscar .	I
Mountain call and Mountain open	O
Production began in 1983 and continued until 2007 .	O
Traders noted features and engineering innovations .	O
The SEC does not currently sponsor men 's volleyball , and no conference member has a varsity men 's team .	O
Warns her to not enter Room 36 , and emily tells Liza the story of Schweick .	I
John insists that Emily is not real , but liza describes her fearful encounters with Emily .	I
The next year Brazil won it and france won the first world cup	I
He was suffering from Parkinson 's disease and was no longer able to work .	O
The Hill 's rivalry with Lawrenceville dates back to 1887 , and is the fifth-oldest high school rivalry in the United States .	O
Members often invite others over for social gatherings , as well as rotating club meetings around each month .	O
The Archdiocese of Utrecht was established in the 7th century and disestablished in the 16th century during the Protestant Reformation .	O
United Utilities ' headquarters are in Warrington and the company has 5,300 direct employees .	O
Eventually rescinded Powell 's release date and the parole board then held a hearing .	I
It was a successor organization to LTE International Airways and was rebranded as LTE once again in 2005 .	O
Giso seemed to have strong feelings for Rokfel , but she seemed to have similar feelings for Saiga .	O
Some airshow acts feature the pilot touching or dragging the wingtip along the ground .	O
It was the band 's sixth album overall and the first of many greatest hits compilations .	O
The hair was restrained in a net and tied with a regulation white ribbon .	O
Xxvi of 1949 " passed on December 15 , 1949 and it came into force on January 1 , 1950 .	O
The roof was belatedly repaired in 1991 , and again in 2007 to halt further deterioration .	O
Saxophonist Tom Challenger played at the sessions and became a member of the band .	O
Shares this name with certain other species but it is commonly known as the squash bug .	I
" Rigsdagen " was Denmark 's first parliament , and it was incorporated in the Constitution of 1849 .	O
Later , Bay experiences the loss of Angelo , her biological father and expresses regret that she did not spend more time with him .	O
After lots of thinking she finally agrees and gabe expresses wanting to adopt another deaf kid .	I
Ty appears less than excited about Bay 's plan and tells her no one knows what will happen .	O
Tries to kiss Kathryn before she pulls away and he is shown to have an affinity for redheads .	I
Runs away to Mexico and she later bails on Bay .	I
Katrovas taught for twenty years at the University of New Orleans and is now a professor of English at Western Michigan University .	O
Time Magazine 's Top 10 Plays and Musicals 2011 - " Silence !	O
Al have been largely positive and reviews for the songs of Jon .	I
Jones led the IFL with 3,158 passing yards in 2009 and finished second among all quarterbacks with 66 touchdown passes .	O
Bpas called on the public to boycott the company and email them requesting that they reverse the policy .	O
He was the thirteenth editor of the paper and succeeded Geraldine Kennedy on 23 June 2011 .	O
This rich heritage should be recognized and appreciated for its present-day value .	O
Survived the encounter , but schramm was wounded .	I
The three were arrested when they arrived at Waterloo station and however , the Surrey police alerted their London colleagues by telegraph .	I
The Cavi Hit ' But " Nothin	I
14 August 2010 at Piešťany Airport and the first festival took place on 13 .	I
For the point groups , Schönflies notation , and the groups are listed in Hermann-Mauguin notation .	I
Earned a Licentiate in Political Science in 1994 , and he enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires .	I
Signed his rookie scale contract with the 76ers on 9 December 2011 and following the conclusion of the lockout , he returned to the United States .	I
Diapur is situated on the Melbourne-Adelaide railway line and is the halfway point of the journey .	O
Miami pushed the San Antonio Spurs to 7 games and won the title for Cole 's second championship .	O
Fell off the charts after its eighth week and it landed at number 96 by its seventh week .	I
The No and 5 shooting guard .	I
As a filmmaker and video artist :	O
Julia eventually meets Tim Sander and marries him sometime later .	O
It is chartered by the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and approved by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan .	O
Sitara becomes pregnant , and both get intimate .	I
She grew up there , and calls Västerås her hometown .	O
These two main buildings are joined and completed with three other blocks :	O
University email is provided by Google and again uses the standard login .	O
Died in Montecito , California in 1984 , and riggs continued to practice architecture through 1980 .	I
Is currently published by SAGE Publications and it has been in publication since 1986 .	I
" † Jake King was injured in the first test and was replaced for the second test by Joel Patfull "	O
Is currently published by SAGE Publications and it has been in publication since 1993 .	I
The journal was established in 1986 and is published by Sage Publications .	O
The next year , he was re-elected to the board , and was appointed chairman of the youth commission of the WTF .	O
After this affair , his name Mustafa was forgotten and he began to be called " İncili " .	O
It has been in publication since 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications .	O
Social security and ) , migration .	I
Nevertheless , Gregorio resumed the military operations , but died before he could launch another attack .	O
Is currently published by SAGE Publications and it has been in publication since 1981 .	I
He wanted to find the ring , but ends up killing his own wife .	O
The journal was established in 1985 and is published by SAGE Publications .	O
A non-profit membership business advocacy organization , but it is not a government agency .	I
Athletes from Afghanistan won only one medal and finished 19th in a medal table .	O
Finished 18th in a medal table and athletes from Kuwait won only one medal .	I
Finished 17th in a medal table and athletes from Malaysia won overall five medal .	I
Is currently published by SAGE Publications and it has been in publication since 1961 .	I
Were displayed next to the national flag at the National Day celebration and the two portraits were hand-delivered by Ma to the Director in September 1977 .	I
In the 1980s , his health further deteriorated and aggravated by the presence of kidney stones .	O
Minesweeper that in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919 and uss " George H. Bradley " ( SP-327 ) was a patrol vessel served .	I
Lower priority securities received cash thereafter , with lower credit ratings but theoretically a higher rate of return on the amount invested .	O
Certain countries were vastly affected more than others , but the crisis affected all countries in some ways .	I
That he is unaware of his father 's evil doings , and shivanya soon realises that Ritik is really a good person .	I
Olivero 's works have been recorded and issued on CD , including :	O
That he hoped that a film would begin shooting in mid-2011 and matt Damon stated in November 2009 that no script had been approved .	I
The ideal that one 's profession be " clean " , i.e , and " Kiddushin " 4 : 14 discusses a general approach to work .	I
Fear your God , for I the Lord am your God , but leviticus 25 : 17 teaches : " Do not deceive one another . "	I
Ferraro completed his youth career in Vélez Sársfield , and debuted with the team in the early 1940s .	O
Even the Doctor 's very existence and he quickly amassed power over the Earth .	I
The film was a quota quickie production and is now believed to be lost .	O
Kisima chose singer Muhiddin Maalin Gurumo , guitarist Abel Balthazar , and singer-songwriter Hassani Bitchuka as the leaders of the new band .	O
Jinavamsa obtained the monastic degree ‘ Rajakeeya Panditha ’ in 1945 , and was awarded honorary membership of the Oriental Languages Society in 1946 .	O
Takes her to hospital and ayaan rushes to the spot .	I
Two people were killed and hundreds of properties were burned .	I
The incumbent Rev , and elpidio M. Geneta .	I
Above the two windows are the state seal and city coat of arms carved in stone .	O
It was the first library building in the city , and the beginning of Albany 's current public library system .	O
Had linked up with the reaching eastwards from and by 1928 , the track been extended further west .	I
Farther east , the dunes grow larger and are tinged red with iron oxide .	O
Are contested by the four clubs finishing below the automatic promotion places and they take place for each division following the conclusion of the regular season .	I
Laws forbidding discrimination against gays in employment , housing , and other areas went into effect in the same year .	O
Construction of the arch started on each shore in 1928 , and they met for the first time on 19 August 1930 .	O
The police in Hampshire , England secured a European Arrest Warrant and worked with police across Europe to try to locate Banasik .	O
Starring Ronit Elkabetz and directed by Michal Aviad .	I
In 1884 , the Coahuila Baptist Association was organized in Saltillo , and in 1885 the Nuevo León Baptist Association was organized in Monterrey .	O
Logan cuts himself open and extracts the device .	O
Intended to start principal photography in fall 2011 and in June 2011 , Fox entered negotiations with Mangold .	I
He played at representative level for Ireland , and at club level for Treaty City Titans .	O
Zoltek ’ s board had not formally considered the proposals , and was unwilling to engage with Quinpario to discuss the matter .	O
" 1977 Afars and Issas independence referendum	O
All of the above pottery products have become highly collectible and are sought after by collectors throughout the United States .	O
Not compatible with the British imposed census and these traditions were very different from Western culture .	I
However it does not support integer operation and integer register file still remain one .	O
The piece has been a staple of jazz and pop music since it was first released .	O
The booking office is closed but on Sundays the station is open .	I
A gold medallist at the 2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and she was the silver medallist at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics .	I
Tiridates III left Seleucia and fled to Syria .	O
Has been replaced by a more modern angular design , but the first bridge was built from old double-head rails .	I
Works occasionally on humanitarian missions in the Balkans and maria , his mother , is a passionate singer .	I
He married again in 1970 , but was divorced the following year .	O
Reintegrated into the municipality of Calheta ( as it remains today ) and on 26 June 1851 , Ponta do Pargo was deannexed from Porto Moniz .	I
This event is popularly known as Limbe FESTAC and has been taking place annually since 2014 .	O
Individuals are sorted by category and alphabetized within each category .	O
Clearly marked at most intersections and wisconsin 's county highways are frequently .	I
On 30 July , " Appalachian " dropped anchor in Apra Harbor and remained there through the end of the struggle for the island .	O
Murphy was diagnosed with cancer in 1983 and died in 1984 , aged 47 .	O
, of course , breaking away and making a wish , making a change .	I
On July 8 , 2006 , the song debuted and peaked at number twenty-two in the United Kingdom .	O
Was very expensive to produce and it took several years to complete .	I
Mendes was the 1998 CAA Rookie of the Year , and a two-time NSCAA United Soccer Coaches Association All-Region selection .	O
Was the first American to fill that role and that year Alvin Epstein was selected as artistic director .	I
Also , the player has only one jump height in standard form , but he can bounce higher in ball form by holding the jump button .	O
Recreation program that runs during the summer months and " Kippens Rec " is a children 's leisure .	I
Was succeeded by Coadjutor Archbishop Michael Didi Adgum Mangoria and he retired as Archbishop of Khartoum on 10 December 2016 .	I
Numerous observers believed that Ouellet was " papabile " himself , and he was a cardinal elector in the 2005 papal conclave .	I
Lancôme was acquired by L 'oreal in 1964 , and quickly became part of its luxury products division .	O
This advertisement has been uploaded to YouTube by Sephora and has achieved more than 100000 views in 2018 .	O
Actually took a bus back to Dallas and he was homesick early in his freshman year .	I
Martin is believed to be the first NBA player to have , and to return from , microfracture surgery on " both " knees .	O
Mast cells once were mistaken for them , and mast cells are very similar to basophils .	I
Hoyt Fellow at Yale , New Haven and in the spring of 1988 , McMillan was Graves Lecturer University , Connecticut	I
It was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Steven Dean Moore .	O
Railroad south past Grant Avenue on the IND Fulton Street Line and track connections from the yard connect both railroad north to Euclid Avenue .	I
The yard itself can store 255 cars , and the inspection shed can accommodate 30 cars .	O
Runs out of the classroom and nikki then quickly dismisses that fact .	I
This spelling is also commonly encountered in Canadian English practice , and in francophone countries , it is rendered " Monseigneur " .	I
Taught at the University of Nairobi , and he went instead to neighbouring Kenya .	I
The fortress was subsequently used as a garrison , and the forts 's defensive walls were largely spared .	I
Most Opatan towns were situated in river valleys and had an economy based on irrigated agriculture .	O
The Jovas spoke " Jova " , and the Tehuimas spoke " Tehuima " .	I
" , " The Soul Man " and " Real Husbands of Hollywood " .	O
Award established in 2008 to recognize outstanding collegiate chapters , and collegiate chapters may win the Circle of Excellence Award .	I
Gray was born in New York City and raised primarily in South Los Angeles .	O
She worked on the staff of publisher Lyle Stuart and published a book about shopping in New York .	O
Totally sold 17,805 copies and album charted for 8 weeks .	I
Totally sold 13,807 copies and album charted for 4 weeks .	I
Totally sold 10,072 copies and album charted for 4 weeks .	I
Corporate Finance Practice in and he also co-founded McKinsey 's Strategy London .	I
In typical " Grimm " fashion , but it was basically like guys night out . "	I
Has not yet entirely found himself involved in the principal infraction , yet the actor is no longer at the stage of preparatory actions .	I
In the same spirit delegation cannot be general but must concern a precise sector of activity .	O
" ABC " eventually closed in 1977 , after over 800 issues , and in the second half of the 1970s the circulation started to decline .	I
Paul Tosio is a dual British-South African educational specialist and a psychologist qualified at the University of Oxford .	O
The FAS can be detected and blocked in a softswitch .	O
She first competed internationally in Latvia when she was 14 and she has been in the national team since 2008 .	O
So far only Dieter Müller and Hannes Löhr of 1 .	O
It became the 77th Tank Division in 1982 and was based at Lyalichi in Primorsky Krai .	O
Included only an equipment set and the division was a mobilization division .	I
Re-elected numerous , and he was elected times .	I
A mentor to fellow merchant , William Bowie and he was a member of the North British Society .	I
Lease served until 1986 and died in 2006 .	O
Made it to the Alaskan one and april she attended the US national convention .	I
In July 2016 HDFC raised 3,000 crore rupees from Masala bonds and thereby became the first Indian company to issue masala bonds .	O
He joined the staff of the National Archives in 1940 , and spent most of his 31-year career involved in records management .	O
Callaghan arrived in Hong Kong on 25 November 1860 , and was gazetted as its Chief Magistrate the following day .	O
In 2010 had " about 25 members " , and the Guam Cricket Club was founded in 1992 .	I
He denies it , although Annalise continues with her own suspicions , but annalise suspects that Sam is somehow involved in Lila 's death .	I
Some areas have been left to regenerate naturally , and the Great Storm of 1987 caused severe damage .	I
It is possibly an alternate name for Little Beaver Creek , or perhaps was simply a typographical-error for " Barnes Creek " .	O
Joined the National Archives after it was established in 1936 , and angel began his service as a federal employee in 1932 .	I
Did not advance to the finals and he finished 39th in the qualifying round .	I
Briefly attended the University of Chicago and cohen went to public schools in Chicago .	I
She finished 19th in the qualification round and did not advance to the semifinals .	O
Sometimes her full name as , but often pieces just bear " S.C. " , illustrated .	I
She identifies herself by her first name and her tribal affiliation as Joênia Wapixana .	O
They could use whichever fillings they wanted and the pie could be any type of pastry .	I
Sold over 32,000 copies and it charted for 14 weeks .	I
Is amongst the largest in the Balkans and the church is the largest on Mount Athos .	I
Sold over 79,000 copies and it charted for 13 weeks .	I
Donald Trump purchased the building from the Kinson Company and renegotiated the land lease with Hinneberg in 1995 .	O
Devastated , Philemon takes the bus back to Sophiatown and discovers Matilda in bed with her young lover .	O
Arranged according to j-pop style but the album was released in Cantopop .	I
Lost in quarterfinals to Nathalie Dechy , but jennifer Capriati was the defending champion .	I
Woo means " wants to be friends " and Song means " evergreen " in Korean .	O
Lee taught every class at his center and provided free classes at the university .	O
In 1995 , he married Avril Walker , and together they had a daughter , Arabella .	O
Is of Mauritanian descent and diallo was born in France .	I
Said the writers would consider it as they write future storylines and she admitted to being surprised by the positive reaction to the couple .	I
Managed to convince Terese to change her mind about them dating and shortly after , he spoke to Brad about his feelings for Piper .	I
Her parents find her and take her home .	O
Is of Haitian descent and duverne was born in France .	I
Bellegarde was born in France and is of Haitian descent .	O
Hightown - Jackie Crook , Fiona Lee , Tina Cullen / Slough - Lesley Hobley , Denise Shorney ( 2 )	O
Meanwhile , Iris ' father , Detective Joe West , and his partner Fred Chyre follow the evidence Barry found .	O
Uses it to rob banks and he can now control the weather .	I
Asks him to keep this secret from Iris , and joe apologizes to Barry for not believing him .	I
Gregory married film director Albert Rogell in 1931 , but the union ended in divorce in August 1934 .	O
To sawmills on the river Moselle by the poet and there are also later references to floating water mills from Byzantium Ausonius .	I
Ceased trading completely in 2014 and the company entered receivership in 2013 .	I
She was appointed MBE in 1953 and advanced to OBE in 1966 .	O
It was published in 2007 , and written in the third person .	O
Is published by Rodopi Publishers and the journal was established in 2004 .	I
The first is eleven thousand miles from home and the second is six thousand miles out .	O
Weir was going away from the ' stack-and-tilt ' method and working on reclaiming his swing as developed with Wilson .	O
He missed his next two cuts on the PGA Tour following Pebble Beach but made the weekend on the European Tour in the Open de Andalucia .	O
Emptying his quiver on the ground before kneeling to shoot , and an account shows an Arab archer dismounting from his camel .	I
The group is registered in the Cayman Islands , but operates from its office in Kensington , London .	O
Runs low-cost serviced office space in Croydon , and easyoffice was established by EasyGroup in 2007 .	I
Began to sells CDs in conjunction with CDwow , but the service stopped selling downloads in January 2008 .	I
Took custody of the child and during his imprisonment Luana divorced him .	I
It became a cinema in 1910 , and the Players ' Theatre in 1946 .	O
Ready for use by around 2010 and the protocol was expected to be space-qualified .	I
Calves average about at birth , but may weigh as little as .	O
He was not offered a contract , but instead signed for lower-league team Angoulême .	O
She did not become a big star , but ferris gave a number of well-regarded performances .	I
Siva ( Raghuvaran ) is proposed ( and later engaged ) to marry her .	O
Has recorded two records for solo guitar and he has written numerous compositions for jazz ensemble .	I
Became the largest of all the Florida mission districts and eventually , however , it absorbed several other Timucua-speaking provinces .	I
After leaving the court he was an advocate for school reforms and led an investigation of Oregon 's State Accident Insurance Fund .	O
However , Zhang Dan fell on this element and suffered a painful injury to her knee .	O
Anderson died in May 1813 and the baronetcy became extinct .	O
He continued the role until the series ended , and justin Whalin was brought in for season two .	I
Living in New York at the time and ) , some of whom were still alive .	I
Walt played in Super Bowl VII for the Washington Redskins and was a member of the " Over-the-Hill Gang " .	O
There is no time limit , and the maximum jackpot is 500,000 .	I
The " Musical Bridge Egypt – Finland " in 2007 and he created the Forbidden City Music Festival in Beijing in 1996 .	I
Opened its doors in 1984 and it was designed by Joop Geesink .	I
Wade then dissolved the National Assembly and called a new parliamentary election .	O
Dhabeji ( also known as Dhabeji Station ) , is a town and union council of Mirpur Sakro tehsil , Thatta District , Pakistan .	O
Nutrition Research Initiative and " Child Health	I
It won the Bronze Remi Award at WorldFest , Houston and has been screened at several children 's film festivals .	O
A synonym for and frank is both a name honest .	I
Shelby Lake is a natural lake in Ballard County , Kentucky , and is one of only three major natural lakes in the state .	O
Travelled to New Zealand in the early 1880s , and grayson came of a family of market gardeners .	I
Developed a talent for preparing microscope slides and grayson attended meetings of the Royal Microscopical Society .	I
When trying to stop them , they struggle and a gunshot goes off , killing Jeff .	O
Initially , Mulhall served as horse trainer but eventually became manager of racing operations .	O
More importantly , Errol " slays " the villain and puts his foot upon the pirate 's head .	O
Was temporary banned to settle in Kiev and he participated in then-illegal movements of the 1880s .	I
She employs Leona Terrell as a waitress , and considers her to be like a daughter .	O
In 1883 , the Association began a fund-raising campaign for a new building and held an architectural competition , which culminated in Eidlitz 's 1887 design .	O
The old Roman walls were repaired and the defensive ditch was re-cut .	O
Lowell liked the country , her horses , and books , while Buchanan preferred city life .	O
The local Jan Magalinski Institute preserves and researches her history at Anapolis .	O
Attended Garden City East High School and wysocki was born in Detroit , Michigan .	I
She was adamant about reading the paper every day , and always looked ready to go on a hike " .	O
Orchard Wyndham is today still owned and occupied by the Wyndham family .	O
Produced no children , but he married twice :	I
He was High Sheriff of Somerset from 1754 to 1755 , and a Member of Parliament for Minehead from 1768 to 1774 .	O
Georgi Daneliya assisted him and wrote the script .	O
Swamiji 's followers were from many parts of the country and they started worshipping him as a messenger of god .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1921 , and a post office was established at Corona in 1910 .	I
Enter the sacred world represented by the church and through this entrance you leave the secular world behind .	I
The property has joint ownership with the state ; and cistercian monks were only to return in 1937 .	I
He was allegedly entrusted with new military purchases in England and in fact he kept trafficking arms across the border .	O
She retired in 2011 , but still trains young singers .	O
Bulwer died of influenza on 5 March 1912 and she was buried close to the workhouse .	O
That his mom owned and his love for reggae	O
The base of the pectoral fin has two thin bright red bars and there are two dark spots on base of the caudal fin .	O
Voight is incarcerated and the arrest goes successfully .	I
Mulvey died in Brisbane in April 1937 and was buried at the Redcliffe Cemetery .	O
Have read the books that were recommended at it and i have attended this workshop on Christian Nonviolence several times .	I
It extends to this day , and its considerable influence was immediate .	I
She is generally unfazed by the gangsters , drug lords , and physically intimidating suspects the unit encounter on a regular basis .	O
He was educated in Ararat and worked as an accountant .	O
Chris Hayes interviewed Bernie Sanders at 8 : 00 pm EDT , and Rachel Maddow interviewed Hillary Clinton at 9 : 00 pm EDT .	O
Its distribution is restricted to one national park but it is distinguished by its bright yellow flower heads .	I
The old courthouse was demolished five years later , and it was dedicated in the autumn of 1902 .	I
I absolutely understand and respect that .	O
Then some and it earns that debate . "	I
He came to radio as a hobby and ended up as a radio host .	O
Discuss their work and distinguished authors meet students .	I
Has been held in Tunis , Tunisia , annually , since 2012 and the event is classified as a $ 25,000 ITF Women 's Circuit tournament .	I
The county seat was moved to Tipton in 1841 , but the frame courthouse building was not completed until 1845 .	O
It was extensively renovated and enlarged in 1889 .	O
Completed three years later for about $ 595,000 and the present Modern-style brick courthouse was begun in 1965 .	I
Was completed for $ 64,000 and it featured a central clock tower .	I
A lion couchant is located above the main entrance , and is a play on the county 's name Lyon .	O
Corridors is Italian marble and wainscoting in the main staircases .	I
They worked to decrease costs below that , and the initial budget was $ 1 million .	I
Their very own management company is a very prevalent issue and in Korea , maltreatment of security guards both from the residents .	I
Contains one to six individual flowers and each head is up to in diameter .	I
One reason for this are complex copyright issues as well as unavailability of the master tapes .	O
The magazine is part of the Otava Group and is published bimonthly by Otava Media Oy .	O
Van Es starts her recordings during Tuesday afternoons and the sessions last for around an hour .	O
Lost in the second round but damir Džumhur was the defending champion .	I
He was politically rehabilitated in 1979 by Hu Yaobang and died in Beijing on February 4 , 1983 .	O
Unexpectedly gave club captain Robinson his first league start in several months , and with Shinnie injured , Rowett brought Davis into a three-man defensive midfield .	I
One Guildford Greenbelt candidate stood for this ward and three Conservatives , two Liberal Democrats , one Labour .	I
It is around 25,000 light years or 7,600 parsec from the Sun .	O
Watching from the tor were specially invited hospital staff and nine child patients from Great Ormond Street Hospital .	O
Throughout the sequence cast members were texting each other or placing social networking status updates on the Internet .	O
A wet season in winter ( Köppen climate classification : As ) and luperón has a tropical savanna climate with a pronounced dry season in summer .	I
Heavy metal festival in Hämeenlinna , Finland and giants of Rock was an annual hard rock .	I
The damage was minor , and no one was injured .	O
The song peaked # 22 on the New Zealand RIANZ charts , and peaked # 1 on the New Zealand NZ Artists RIANZ charts .	O
Had participated in combat operations and other G.I.s had survived in Vietnam .	I
( 1 ) Los Angeles Lakers vs. ( 8 ) Denver Nuggets :	O
For the next seven years he continued to work for Samuel F.B and when the Morse Telegraph Company was formed , Brown left the post office .	I
Was also the superintendent of the North Washington Mission Sunday School and he was the founder of the Pioneer Sabbath School in Washington D.C. .	I
Learn about the native ecology of the island and students come to Jones Island to rebuild natural habitats .	I
Barely able to hold a job due to his depression , but six months later , Burgundy is back in San Diego .	I
Crews built a mock lighthouse and filmed a shark scene .	O
The trails are over easy terrain and provide excellent wildlife viewing opportunities .	O
The trail begins near Signal Mountain Lodge on Jackson Lake and provides hiking access to the summit of Signal Mountain .	O
These addresses are inscribed on some of Bradley 's paintings and have been used to establish their dates of creation .	O
Teaching at Wesleyan University and currently , she is writing .	I
The enemy was overpowered , and some positions were captured .	O
Closed in 1990 and it opened in 1948 .	I
( 6 ) Denver Nuggets vs. ( 3 ) Phoenix Suns	I
( 1 ) Los Angeles Lakers vs. ( 3 ) Seattle SuperSonics :	O
The Benedictine Sisters of Bethany were born and women gathered around her to learn from her .	I
Was banned from having armed men , except for a small escort , and in view of his attitude , he was relieved of his duties .	I
Signed free agent Jerome Kersey and armstrong from the expansion Toronto Raptors .	I
Rockwood had been diagnosed with depression and was taking the anti-depressant Prozac .	O
Only written questions on the site about the economy and jobs were accepted for oral response by Obama .	O
The Syrian army had been accused of raiding and killing protesters in the Houla region before .	O
Relegated to Ligue 2 and finished 19th place in league .	I
" Dukecynus " was probably the largest mammalian predator as well as the largest sparassodont at La Venta .	O
His father had hoped for Franz to become a merchant , but the Hungarian painter Telepy Károly discovered his talent for painting .	O
Formed the band Johnnyswim and they struck up a friendship .	I
Anchal first appeared in many TV commercials and then in few Hindi television series .	O
Adopted the surname of Rigby on 8 April 1788 and he succeeded his uncle to the Mistley estate in Essex .	I
The Brammah massif lies south of Sickle Moon and is separated by a 12 kilometer glacier .	O
As such should be visible to visitors as they enter , and gibson considered the Dutch Garden to be of utmost importance .	I
Haarlem withdrew this privilege ownership , but as city publisher they had the right , claiming .	I
By then , over 11,000 contractors were involved , and it had a budget of $ 2 billion .	O
Its selection as lead yard was publicly announced on 11 March 1963 , and a formal letter of intent was sent to Vickers on 18 February .	I
Commander Michael Henry commanded the Port crew , and Commander Kenneth Frewer , the Starboard crew .	O
A base would be required , and Fremantle in Australia was suggested .	O
Later operated a trading store there and he was a telegraph operator in Île-à-la-Crosse .	I
The Monticello Joinery was responsible for desks , chairs , and tables , often created from Jefferson 's own designs .	O
6pm was sold in October 2007 to Zappos and eBags returned focus to the eBags.com site .	O
The monk 's life is regulated by Buddhist law , and life in the wat adheres to a rigid routine .	O
The third pretender , Muthis , could be inserted within this struggle , but his role – assuming that he really did exist – is unknown .	O
The " Reformer " covers all of Windham County , Vermont , as well as some towns in neighboring Cheshire County , New Hampshire .	O
Has not been well established and treatment of those with symptoms varies .	I
He also married the much younger Sinia Franke in 1948 , and in 1952 married the 19-year-old girl Carla van den Hurk .	O
Some physicians order prophylactic antibiotics , or surgery may be an option .	I
Caused heavy casualties on the Swedish right flank and these guns opened fire around noon on the 18th .	I
The ylide conformation is determined by interaction with the bridgehead hydrogens and approach of the aldehyde is blocked by the camphor moiety .	O
What exactly they say is not yet known but there are various other altered vocal sounds as well .	I
In a study of HIV + patients and control adults by Clark et al .	O
Appeared in a total of 221 La Liga matches during nine seasons , and during his spell in his country he was nicknamed " Chapi " .	I
Frat Party Games " and " Incoming ! "	O
In the medical field , this is most commonly and advantageously used to alleviate pain in cancer patients .	O
The celiac plexus itself cannot be identified , but is located relative to the celiac artery .	O
Princetown became a village on December 2 , 1901 but downgraded its status to a settlement in 1925 .	O
Sigley was fired that afternoon and Lane took his place .	O
By April 1 he commanded 88,948 men , and reinforcements arrived regularly during his march north .	I
Well as a live set as the album featured a studio set .	I
Peftjaubast married Irbastudjanefu , Rudamun 's daughter , and was , therefore , Rudamun 's son-in-law .	O
He is invisible to Mankind , but the audience can see him .	I
Now , it is the largest city of Semnan Province and also its county has same position in the province .	O
Goes to the castle , which coincidentally Liz is visiting and jon , with the help of Odie , discovers the mix-up .	I
Carwana departed after one live show and was replaced by Troy Scerri .	O
Other weapons may be more powerful and carry unlimited ammunition as well .	O
He also became a member of the KPD central committee , and from 1924 to 1933 , a member of the Reichstag .	O
They were primarily for the British expatriates in India , but prior to that , there existed some Scout groups .	I
Each room has a coin to collect , and collecting them all will unlock Master AO .	O
The Assassin can also cast spells and is able to paralyze enemies .	O
The building has been designated an Albuquerque historic landmark and is thus protected from alteration without city approval .	O
Run first aid stations in refugee camps , and they have evacuated trapped people to safety .	I
Are 12.5 metres long and they can seat 45 passengers .	I
We spent 5 years hoping to meet again , but now we are only four on the journey .	O
Its range varies and nomenclature for this peak .	I
The Beermen made a strong showing in the All-Filipino Conference but lost to Alaska in the Finals in seven games .	O
Was eliminated in the quarterfinals by Formula Shell and however , San Miguel struggled in the All-Filipino Cup .	I
He searches the body and recovers a medallion .	O
Fish then joined a law partnership in DeLand , and from 1904 to 1910 served as a judge .	O
Muhammad VII then mobilized his army and easily defeated Martín 's forces .	O
The series is still running in " Betsucomi and as of December 12 , 2012 there are 15 volumes " .	I
At Queen 's College , Galway and he was educated at a local school .	I
All 26 dams in Bexar County and sara operates 13 dams in Karnes County .	I
The risks of railroading still took a painful toll , but the company set its standards higher than most did .	I
The engineer saw the rails tipping slowly and yelled to the fireman to jump .	O
The station was opened on 8 May 1885 , and was originally known as " Nicholson Street " .	O
Donated them back to China in 2013 and the purchaser ( Francois Pinault ) bought them .	I
Where they were from in Europe or sometimes they would name it after themselves .	I
On January 31 , 1860 , Orange was incorporated as a town , and on April 3 , 1872 , it was reincorporated as a city .	O
Was aged 35 when she was and blake resided in Botany , New South Wales arrested .	I
He denied planning to import the drugs to Australia and said that importation of 8 kg was impossible .	O
He was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and studied drama at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh .	O
The Chestertown Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1931 and located in Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland , United States .	O
Dedicated his whole life to the society and he was actively involved with the freedom movement .	I
In 1909 , Beneshevich was appointed extraordinary professor , and , shortly thereafter ordinary professor of Byzantine history .	O
It aims to improve the functions and governance of the State Council .	O
They specialize in pieces by Bach as their name suggests , but the Bach Society performs pieces by many other noted composers .	O
Holton et al , and ( 2012 ) .	I
Closed with " Sono fotogenico " by Dino Risi and the festival opened with " Fantastica " , directed by Gilles Carle , directed .	I
He made his last appearance for the club in 2007 , and nicknamed " Palillo " he first joined Nacional in 1988 .	I
Leonard Harlan joined DLJ in 1965 and was a friend of Castle .	O
Chi Yat-Po is in love with Ngo-Lam , but never has the courage to tell her .	O
Regrets marrying him and she utterly despises him .	I
In the World Cup , they won their group , but lost on penalty kicks to Nigeria in the quarterfinals .	O
She has cashed in various poker tournaments during her career , and has several titles including one World Series of Poker bracelet .	O
Was first rung on 7 December 2011 , and it was installed on 2 December 2011 .	I
Such projects began in the United States during the 1960s and by 2009 had showed little sign of having ended .	O
Her brother John is killed , but joan narrowly escapes the attack .	I
There she becomes a skilled physician and is ordained as a priest .	O
Declares he loves her , but he keeps her secret .	I
Moved to the Carolinas to compete and he was later hired by Jim Crockett .	I
In 1971 , Hanson suffered a heart attack and had to take time away from wrestling .	O
Hanson left the territory for a while but later returned with a new gimmick .	O
Continued to wrestle during his service and he joined the United States Marine Corps .	I
Had to take time off of wrestling and in 1971 , Hanson suffered a heart attack .	I
Has increased to around one million people each year ever since and annual visitation to the Gardens reached 969,000 people in 2009 / 2010 .	I
Later promoted as an Expert-in-charge of Wood Preservation and he joined in Forest Research Institute , Dehra Dun .	I
The work was completed by noon , but the villagers opened fire on them .	I
Not operating but it is standing .	I
The main attraction of the park and the Cyclone is a wooden roller coaster .	I
Most buildings had iron sheet roofs and there were numerous eucalyptus trees .	O
Has been demolished the under residential development and it was vandalised repeatedly , ending in it burning down , land .	I
Replaced with their national offices and this was demolished by British Gas .	I
Independent hotel building in the United States or it is not a directory of every chain .	I
Cured the Pope of a nodule on his hand and he was with the Pope in the attack on Bologna .	I
Is responsible for indexing every species in the galaxy in the Ark , and she is a Lifeshaper , the highest rank a Lifeworker can achieve .	I
Attended a pre-draft visit with the Detroit Lions and brown performed a private workout for the Baltimore Ravens .	I
At the beginning of the 8th century the Oghuz confederation and the city of Tashkent seceded from the Kangar union .	O
His 14 pass deflections finished first on the team and his 57 tackles finished fourth on the team .	O
Signed for CFA side SO Romorantin and in 2010 , he returned to France .	I
This example was cast around 1930 , and dedicated on April 18 , 1948 .	O
She remained in service until 1970 and was broken up in 1971 .	O
The agreement was concluded in August 1920 and the mission arrived in London in June 1920 .	I
The assistant CEO is Nicolas Lespaule and the chief executive officer is Guillaume Dubois .	I
Wagner no longer held events in Biebrich but moved to Vienna in November 1862 .	O
Ranges from 1884 to and the actual date of completion is unknown anywhere 1895 .	I
Post office name is and barotiwala Pin Code is 174103 .	I
Became accredited by the New York State Board of Regents and in fall 1954 , the school had grown to 20 pupils .	I
North American tournaments generally use TWL alone for domestic play , but all tournaments under the auspices of WESPA must use CSW .	O
All subsequent Legislatures have been meeting there ever since , and in 1797 , Albany was declared the State capital .	I
Was unable to match the same form of previous European seasons , but he moved on to Finland 's SM-liiga with HPK in 2011 .	I
Very lucrative black markets opened throughout Japan and in the chaos of the post-war recovery large .	I
This party was not formally recognized , and Capparelli technically remained an independent councillor .	O
Red Bull also swept their own series against Kutitap and sealed a finals rematch with the Pale Pilseners .	O
Ranges from 1884 to and the actual date of completion is unknown anywhere 1895 .	I
He passed out from Harbi Shownzai and began studies at Harbi Puhantun .	O
Is no longer subject to flooding and lake Tandou is managed as irrigated cropland .	I
Final completion was in 1968 and major works were completed in 1960 .	I
It also contains many jokes related to the radio programme yet it is a parody of the " Harry Potter " films .	I
Ben assures her it was merely a bad dream , but scarlett comes to his door to check on him .	I
In the second leg , Újpest won 2 – 0 and qualified for the semi-finals on 3 – 0 aggregate .	O
In November 2005 original singer Ed Edge left the band and was replaced by Andrew Dijorio ( Drew York ) .	O
After touring the country DIY , SFTP entered God City Studios and recorded " Villains " with Converge Guitarist , Kurt Ballou .	O
Has an improved operating temperature range , and it can resist scratches , condensation .	I
Not in the , but horse Lot Pond lies near , subdivision .	I
Rao worked as a curator till his retirement and compiled " The Indian Biographical Dictionary " .	O
Was recovered by BSU but asu attempted an onside kick .	I
This first generation of merozoites invade new endothelial cells and give rise to a second generation of schizonts .	O
" Bush Christmas " was originally planned as a serial , but it was then decided to turn it into a feature .	O
These performances received very positive reviews , and his talents praised by the media .	O
Birkin also wrote the biography " J. M. Barrie & the Lost Boys " on the same subject .	O
Fikre Selassie Wogderess was sentenced to death , and the trial ended on 26 May 2008 .	I
Called for him to be killed and the SR leaders in Russia denounced Kolchak .	I
Defeated the Northern Zhou forces sieging Yiyang and in summer 571 , he moved south again .	I
" Rubberband Girl " was released on 6 September 1993 and peaked at number 12 in the UK Singles Chart .	O
I 'm His and He 's Mine	O
His Buddies & buddy Hughey	I
Then coached the club the following year and he played with Adelaide City for one year .	I
Stayed with Lady Airedale , whose home was nearby and on 8 December 1920 , Margaret Lloyd George visited Leeds .	I
The original tree became infested with termites and collapsed on June 12 , 2004 .	O
Found time for many other activities but hall held this position until his death .	I
It later became known as the Alexandra Stakes , and it was given its current title in 1931 .	O
Nesslinger 's two battalions were badly cut up and the 3rd " Terzi " battalion was nearly destroyed .	I
He graduated from Boston Latin School and entered Harvard College at 16 .	O
Plan to escape together , and they fall in love .	I
This was the first sauropod to be discovered with armor and proved that sauropods had thrived in Cretaceous South America .	O
Was Sepanta 's fifth produced film that had sound and it was based on a full-scale dramatic poem by Nizami .	I
The Sand Dollar Blues Room is a blues and gambling nightclub in Las Vegas , Nevada .	O
Never again did so for the Hammers ' first team but as a result of his injury he played reserve team football .	I
The green color rgb values ( 5 63 13 ) , & the gold colors rgb values ( 189 166 98 ) .	O
The woman hurried into the car and the rats climbed onto it .	O
Margot Taule was one of the founding professors and a member of the main steering committee .	O
Gao Huan ordered Zu to write the dedication text , and Zu completed a beautifully written text within two days .	O
Her husband is an officer in the South Carolina Army National Guard and was sent on a year-long deployment to Afghanistan in January 2013 .	O
Jones missed the entire 2012 offseason workouts because of shoulder surgery and failed the conditioning test at the start of training camp .	O
Was the only airborne signal brigade in the United States Army and the 35th Signal Brigade is the largest signal unit in the world .	I
Later released after a Week 12 loss to Oakland , but dave Rayner was acquired through waivers from Green Bay .	I
Is the home stadium of Sportivo Trinidense and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
Psu made the NCAA College Division playoffs in 1967 , and twice competed in the NAIA playoffs in the 1950s .	O
Hynds ' brother John also attempted a football career , but did not progress beyond the Manchester City reserve team .	O
Falls in the execution pit himself , but older Artemis races to the rescue .	I
Cyril was stripped of his imperial titles and this marriage was not approved by Nicholas II .	I
When he forgets her room number the staff throws him out , but she asks him to get her a soda from the lobby .	I
In his " Bachelor Father " role , Tong was not subservient and at one point walked out because he was not paid enough .	O
He was unmarried and lived alone .	O
They placed 5th in Preliminary Performance at Area Competition , but had an ok performance in finals , earning 9th .	O
Began his independent government over in Saxe-Weimar and in 1586 Friedrich Wilhelm was declared an adult .	I
In Cairo , Lotz eventually opened his riding club and continued to befriend the elite of Egyptian society .	O
Became the oldest First Division debutant as a 37-year-old and he joined Sheffield United for £ 4,000 in November 1948 .	I
Allan reiterated her belief that Pistorius had taken acting lessons and highlighted his alleged relationship with a 19-year-old this year .	O
According to Burger , Allan was thrilled and asked Burger to be her bridesmaid .	O
The Fordham University School of Law and naturman graduated from the University of Pennsylvania .	I
She returned to Tompkinsville on 10 April and sailed for Norfolk on the 12th .	O
In 1975 , he relinquished the job of chief executive , but remained chancellor of the university until his retirement in 1982 .	O
Salary redirection contributions are not actually or constructively received by the participant .	O
One of these campaigns was the Monsters and Demons campaign that ran from 1966-67 .	O
The lawsuits of slander against J , and the arrest of Chee Soon Juan .	I
Are covered in dense , reddish-brown hair and immature larvae are up to 5 millimeters long .	I
Were most common in the Devonian period and they range from the Silurian to the Permian .	I
This operation drove Al Qaeda from the area and freed dozens of villages from terrorist control .	O
Providing hands on experience to local farmers and contractors established demonstration farms , facilitating this training .	I
In 1808 they tried to organize the fair but it did not generate enough local interest .	O
Held the fair until 1825 and the society tried again in 1818 .	I
He is a right-handed batsman and a left-handed medium-pace bowler .	O
Rebounder in this and rickert was a leading scorer league .	I
Supported the Woman 's Building , including , and numerous artists worked as staff , exhibited :	I
Shrager graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1957 , and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1960 .	O
Just played three out of six UEFA Cup matches but in the second season , Castellini played 33 league matches .	I
Also indirectly criticised Hezbollah for harming Arab interests , but mubarak condemned the Israeli military attack in Lebanon .	I
The Ministry of External Affairs expressed concern over the growing tensions in Lebanon and urged all parties to end the violence in favor of peaceful negotiation .	O
Everything else happens and his attitude is basically cease-fire . "	I
Began waving a Palestinian flag and one protester lowered the American flag .	I
He attended Hawken School in Gates Mills , Ohio and graduated from Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee .	O
Gave her the wedding necklet and a year later Walvis married Feylin .	I
She had always been half in love with Pol and as she got older that love grew too .	O
A right-arm medium-pace bowler and he was a left-handed batsman .	I
Frog remains indifferent , but ziggy threatens him .	I
Nick sets himself up as a supplier to Frog , and gives Ziggy his share of the first drug profits .	O
Is in the possession of several of different forms of the Buddha and in Tibetan Buddhist tradition the Chintamani is sometimes depicted as a luminous pearl .	I
Rookie Megan Wiggins hit a three-run double off Pride starter Cat Osterman , but in the first game , the Pride took an early 2-0 lead .	I
Their age analysis stood at 4850 BC , and the charcoal fragments were then radiocarbon dated .	I
The act was repealed in September 1842 and authority was conferred on elected representatives .	O
Article 19 protects the freedom of religion and the right to exercise it publicly .	O
Article 24 protects the freedom of education and the parents ' right to choose .	O
This put the Luberon region onto the tourist map , and mayle 's best-known book was A Year in Provence .	I
He was loaned to Serie D side Poggibonsi in summer 1999 , and then to Bulgarian A PFG team Naftex Burgas in summer 2000 .	O
He is Jewish , and attended Hebrew school .	O
He led all relief pitchers with 5 pickoffs , and led American League relievers with 7 caught stealing .	O
Once more , Cleary shows us life through Ramona 's eyes and shows her young readers that they are not alone . "	O
Instead became a seaplane operator and varangfly therefore sold its land aircraft .	I
Ticket prices continued to rise , but the airport structure was kept .	I
Widerøe followed suit in 2000 and aeroflot terminated their service in 1998 .	I
Opened on 4 May 2006 and the investments cost NOK 180 million .	I
They succeed , but expect retaliation .	O
Has structures from almost all of the cantons and the museum features buildings from all over the country .	I
Here , she captured or sank sixteen ships .	O
Steamed north for Iceland " and he scuttled " Indrani .	I
He moved to Efes Pilsen in 2004 and played two seasons for the club .	O
Started his career at Napoli and floro Flores was born in Naples .	I
He remained at the club for two seasons and scored 28 goals in 79 league matches .	O
His father ran a grocery shop and the family lived over it .	O
Faced off with the Czech Republic and finland fought its way to the Finals .	I
In 1791 he exhibited at the " Exposition de la Jeunesse " , and from then until 1831 he also took part in the Paris Salon .	O
Vansummeren also won the 2007 Tour de Pologne and rode the Tour de France nine times .	O
Forested in its make up and the surrounding landscape is very rural .	I
It was approved in September 2010 and the pipeline project was announced in 2007 .	I
It is a re-imagining of its predecessor of the same name , and is based on the Mattel action-figure also of the same name .	O
The song is one of the Tukaram 's 4,000 verses and is aptly fitted with the devotional worship of Vithoba .	O
The lead dropped as they progressed through the itinerary , and the advantage was around a minute with to go .	O
He succeeded Dappula V as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Sena III .	O
He succeeded Udaya III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Mahinda IV .	O
Is due to release in 2015 and this album is still currently being completed .	I
Chow graduated from Franklin High School and then attended Western Washington University .	O
Is just over southeast of Glacier Peak and pilz Glacier is within the Glacier Peak Wilderness .	I
At least the preacher has good taste , but this movie may be preaching to the choir . "	I
In relegation series they finished on second place and will play in Tipsport liga next season .	O
Was operated until it was discontinued in 1982 , and a post office opened at Hazen in 1882 .	I
Takeuchi is also a Fellow of The Electrochemical Society and served as the organization 's president from 2011-2012 .	O
The name did not come into common use and was eventually transferred to an adjacent hill .	O
In 15th-century Italy , Luciana Vetra was young and beautiful , with long , golden hair .	O
Was declared the unofficial national collegiate champion and in 1965 , the first XV was undefeated .	I
Lost to M. P. Abdussamad Samadani of the Indian Union Muslim League but in this election her husband , K. K. Surendran , ran for Kottakkal .	I
He has studied in other parts of Europe well and in 1963 he furthered his education at the University of Paris as .	I
Were not well received and unfortunately the poems were mediocre .	I
She remarried , but divorced again .	O
Broken up in 1830 and she was decommissioned in 1815 .	I
He then had a brief career as a principal , and later a dean , of masonic school in Texas .	O
Fennec Fox & The Hound	O
His choices were down to Georgia and Louisville before picking the Cardinals .	O
" Legal Aid , Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012	O
Remained a timber milling centre with its own school but with the end of the stagecoach era the town dwindled .	I
The sole high school administered by the Hector School District.Best School and it is one of six public high schools in Pope County	I
It was technically outdated , but the best available option .	O
Chassis length 6 440 mm and the width was 2 200 mm .	I
Its circumference is 125 feet , and its weight is 3400 tons .	O
Did not expect to tour with them in their lifetime and the band listened to New Found Glory when they were younger .	I
Is also a logical choice based on efficacy , but in not only provides a convenient delivery method .	I
The service started in the mid-1860s , but bhusawal was set up in 1860 .	I
During World War II Lutz worked at Princeton and rose to the rank of full professor .	O
Was considered a big ship at that time , and the " Elsie " was of 1300 tons .	I
Mcgregor agreed , and went ashore .	O
Fished quite extensively and native people also hunted .	I
In 1808 , Bonaparte visited Rochefort 's naval dockyard and was highly satisfied with Rolland 's work there .	O
Ended in 2009-2010 and construction started in 2003 .	I
However , Karthik wants to propose to his boss ( Sravani ) and Sravani is ready to reject his proposal to avenge her pain .	O
He blamed Hammer for this , and sought him out for revenge .	O
It reached a peak of number 64 on the chart and was present for a total of seven weeks only .	O
The trade unions were suspended and the capital saw new student strikes .	I
The monsters are displayed in the dungeon along with the , and unlike typical computer RPGs , however , the battles are not random itself characters .	I
Frank denies the child is his son , and joins the hunt for the murderous infant .	O
In 1972 the Ryukyu Islands , including Okinawa , reverted to Japanese control and the provisions of the 1960 security treaty were extended to cover them .	O
This group shares information on collaborative opportunities and develops WUN ’ s research programs .	O
Must be the primary residence of the owner and the farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres .	I
Ownership was transferred to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1920 , and the name was changed to East Stroudsburg State Normal School .	O
In 1912 the new observatory was officially dedicated , and in 1909 the first instruments were moved there .	I
Includes a classical arrangement of " Nature Boy " , and the original music score was composed by Cliff Eidelman .	I
Harder than White Lion and the follow-up was significantly darker .	I
Is often immediately identifiable as being related to kink , and the item is very closely associated with BDSM play .	I
Elizabeth died in 1871 , and they had four sons .	I
They had one child , Hannah , and stockley married Ellen Anderson in 1859 .	I
Illustrated several and doolittle has also co-authored books .	I
Representatives took office March 4 and have a two-year term .	O
Marvil was only the second Republican governor , and the first elected since the Civil War .	O
Branigin earned 238,700 votes compared to Kennedy 's 328,118 , but he came in ahead of third-place finisher Eugene McCarthy .	O
In the 1960s co-education was still viewed with trepidation , and when in 1965 , the principal , the Rev .	O
Its seating for 1,500 was to cater principally for holiday makers in season and the patients from the many medical establishments profiting from the sea air .	O
The two gangs make the exchange and return to their respective empires .	O
( Matt Ingram , and Tim Smith ) .	O
In 2008 Jenkins had been coaching the team for 32 years and had even started the whole program along with Alix Fellows .	O
It was not enough to prevent relegation but he scored 1,133 runs for Derbyshire in 2005 .	I
Harvard University Law School , where he earned a law degree , and he attended Indiana Asbury College , now known as DePauw University .	I
The two girls were grabbed and held on the ground .	O
Three pages contained 50 to 75 percent plagiarised content , and five pages contained more than 75 percent plagiarised content .	O
The limitations reported by Patil are limitations of his primitives , but they are not limitations on the primitives described by Dijkstra .	O
Connects Tityang with the city core and a second shorter bridge spans Kathekhola river .	I
Chevert attacked the outpost of Chayol on July 16 , but withdrew after exchanging fire with enemy forces near Gardetta .	O
Chevert ordered a faster descent , to fix bayonets , and to avoid any exchange of fire with the enemy .	O
Decided to take down the palisade and they knew it would be a precarious withdrawal instead .	I
She experienced a roll of 38 degrees and took water over the flight deck .	O
Stayed in that position until 1961 when he renounced and he was elected rector of the university the same year .	I
Rather the onus is on the possessor to substantiate his ownership , but in some countries , possession is not nine-tenths of the law .	I
Mo was born in Seoul and turned professional in 1995 .	O
Borough of Gothenburg , Sweden and lundby ( ) is a suburb .	I
It is expected to expand by many thousands over the coming years ) but there were 38,000 people residing in Lundby ( on 1 January 2009 .	I
Any member from NOBE can play this game and the competition was among all the chapters .	O
Winners won £ 12,800 per ticket and had up to three tickets .	O
Its elevation is 420 feet ( 128 m ) , and it is located at ( 35.6911890 , -91.5956928 ) .	O
It does not broadcast commercial advertisements , nor does it carry locally made programming .	O
Continues on into the night and the man shrugs off the attacks .	I
Pakkala wrote the screenplay and directed the film .	O
The river is not navigable but provides a salmon habitat .	O
Dedicated in 2009 and a new facility was built March .	I
Employs 43 total staff members and the school serves over 300 students .	I
Leaves the now pregnant Sympathy with this serious development on his mind , and malden receives the letter just before going on a trip with Snow .	I
Offers 239 program days annually and the school has 62 staff members .	I
2002-canadian Ambassador visits and donates chemistry lab	O
Patten branched off as an independent developer after ten years , and in 1976 he incorporated the business as Patten Realty Corporation .	O
More recently to amateur film making and later on he shifted to digital forms .	I
Lunin retired in 1962 and died in 1970 .	O
It now stands in second place in Bengali-language newspaper websites , and in the Top 5 Bengali news sites in the World .	O
The newspaper was founded by its parent company and daily newspaper , " The Express-Times " .	O
So they went back in the sales ring and the gavel fell at only 32,000 Guineas .	O
Was eliminated at Finals ( 1 / 2 ) by Fenerbahçe and mersin İdmanyurdu participated in 1982 – 83 Turkish Cup from round 5 .	I
Relegated to second division next year and mersin İY finished 16th with 3 wins .	I
Mcgrory was released by the Clarets in May 1990 and subsequently embarked on a career in non-league football .	O
His mother learned to play the piano by ear , but insisted that Jackson receive the training she had not .	O
Claimed that he was " on the road to defeat , and he accused the Republican nominee of playing politics with human rights . "	I
Mccarthy called in during Humphrey 's telethon and affirmed his support for the ticket .	O
Plans to a solo career and brummett eventually split apart from the band start .	I
Was reelected in 2001 and he first ran in 1998 .	I
Started the year there in 2009 and in 2008 , Desmond played for Harrisburg .	I
Thereafter , the sculpture was no longer exhibited and remains owned by the artist 's family .	O
Served in the Stalingrad district from 1924 to 1929 , and rybkin joined the Soviet secret police OGPU in 1922 .	I
Unfortunately , Diesel mistakes the situation and starts to beat up Govardhan .	O
There , she was decommissioned on 3 April and returned to the USSB the same day .	O
Feeling threatened , she grabs a disposable camera and takes a picture of his license plate .	O
In 1980 the Walsrode line also folded and in 1958 the link to Rotenburg was closed .	I
A payment , brought by the prime minister , was insufficient and he was forced to stay as an assurance of payment .	O
Abducts him and kazhakkoottathu tricks Mangoikkal .	I
A kill resulted in a meal for the dogs and the bushy tail presented to the first lady .	O
Juan Bernal died in 1847 , and Joaquín Moraga died in 1855 .	O
A cairn was added in the cemetery in 1990 and a cemetery is located across Highway 7 from the church .	I
A 1976 graduate of the U.S and he is a retired Marine Corps colonel .	I
The line could not be used , but his suit was in good shape .	I
Was the starting point of the Christianization of the surrounding area and the monastery quickly became the ecclesiastical center of power in eastern Thuringia .	I
Rebuilt in the 19th century but the houses were built in 1672 .	I
The evidence from eastern Hurrians is very different and texts only provide evidence for civic pantheons .	O
Cesinha 's loan deal with the club ended and he returned to Bragantino on 5 May .	O
The plan was accepted on 2 April 1794 and Dumerbion 's offensive began four days later .	O
The French occupied Saorgio on the 28th and hopelessly outflanked , the Sardinians under Colli retreated .	I
Administration ( South Africa ) and " Minister of Public Service	I
One wing by a poacher and she had suffered injuries to her beak caused .	I
He is retiring in the summer of 2019 and will be succeeded by Rabbi Mark Goldsmith .	O
Liquidation of the company and in mid-2003 solution was practical .	I
Tiago do Vale regularly lectures and writes about architectural matters .	O
Despite extensive repairs she was eventually declared unseaworthy , and was broken up at Deptford Dockyard in 1734 .	O
Has traditionally hosted the Coupe de France Final since 1998 and it is the home venue of the France national football team .	I
Gaston County took over the school 's administration in 1947 , but the AMA continued to serve the students who were boarding .	O
The schedule lasted till the end of September 2015 and kalyan joined the film 's sets on the next day .	I
In Round 23 , he made his NRL debut for the Titans against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs .	O
Ed helps Carver locate the youth that Carver bumped into , and they kidnap him as he walks down the street alone .	O
Was a very meritorious student and he was always amongst the toppers .	I
Obeys his own aesthetic logic and patrick Bokanowski creates his own universe .	I
Sent four technical advisers and aircraft manufacturer ATR also assisted .	I
They all get on the plane together and the soldiers rescue the people on the ground .	I
It started off as being an EP and then grew into a whole project .	O
Nothing will be out of character or stray from the mythology . "	O
The Passion of Christ and " On the Life	I
The project was completed and opened in 2015 .	O
Paseka was born in New Zealand but played junior netball in Australia .	O
The threat from Soviet forces in the east was felt very strongly , and khrushchev 's ultimatum was made just ten days before the election date .	I
" J. Miller Anderson & amp ; Co .	O
Only attested for kings and this is a royal symbol .	I
They won against Scotland but lost to India .	O
Decided to bat first and india won the toss	I
The United States also condemned the attack and offered to assist with the investigation .	O
The Maravars were attacked by the Nadars and filed a complaint before the police .	O
Failed to make an appearance for Stanley through injury but he went on loan at Accrington Stanley in March 2015 .	I
By December he had joined local league rivals Curzon Ashton , but in September 2016 Jennings joined National League North side Fylde .	I
Worked in financial services in Canada and he retired from the RAF in 1955 .	I
Give him his bride and " To wait on the Squi-er . "	I
This is a very popular ballad , and sung in every part of England .	O
He attended classes taught by Jacques Chailley with Constantin Brăiloiu , and later , he was mentored by the ethnologist Patrice Coirault .	I
He recorded most of his legendary recordings of the mid-1950s on it , and this instrument can be seen on most of his early promotional photos .	I
Passenger traffic was discontinued in 1987 , but it was reactivated ten years later .	O
Reaches Kaiserslautern Nord station and it crosses federal highway 37 .	I
Ended in July the same year and the film began production in April 2018 .	I
Most of his research carried out independently and with his students was on electroplating .	O
He worked with the likes of FAO and later fully moved on embarking politics .	O
Was divided into four groups of five cars and saturday afternoon 's qualifying session ran for 60 minutes .	I
Was permitted six minutes of on-track activity and each group was determined by a lottery system .	I
Vergne remained close behind López and lópez drew near to d 'Ambrosio .	I
Section 7 applies equivalent provisions to Scotland , and section 6 gives the section retroactive effect .	I
Was released on 17 March 2017 and the film began production during July 2015 .	I
With reference to Hong Kong , Singapore and Shenzhen pre-schools , Li et al .	O
The show toured until March 1955 , and achieved a run of 772 performances .	O
Produced in Fatman in Mexico City and " La velocidad del vacío " was recorded Studios .	I
In 1890 , she went to Switzerland and taught German at a boarding school .	O
She also gave free drawing lessons and began to participate in exhibitions .	O
