It is his first EP and his 2nd overall album .	O
Male literacy rate is 70 % and that of females 48 % .	O
Certainly it is the oldest club founded and still running under its original name .	O
Held its first-ever regatta on December 24 , of that same year and the Club moved to a newly manufactured building at the end of 1870 .	I
Sings that they must remain so for as long as they can , but he claims to be amazed that the two of them are together .	I
Is dissolved by carbonic acid and coral is made of calcium carbonate .	I
He was subsequently court martialled and censured for his actions .	O
I then looked at her hands , and saw that her rings were missing .	O
That of females 34 % and male literacy rate is 62 % .	I
It starts at Paroi and ends at Senawang .	O
In 1928 a Wurlitzer theatre pipe organ was added , and at that time , it was bought by Paramount .	I
These were revolutionary and widely welcomed .	O
The United States would challenge Australasia for the Cup and for the second straight year , only the British Isles .	I
After dinner , she ventures into the woods and plays a game with other village children .	O
Honours of George VI and " List of titles	I
It has been the home of the college 's president ever since , and in 1965 President of Guilford Grimsley Hobbs moved into Ragsdale 's hous .	I
He is also very creative , but krastovchev is not very fast .	I
Changes his mind at the last minute , but timon swears an oath on the Torah .	I
He argues that killing Herod will accomplish nothing , and he also has a family to think of .	O
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae , and in the larger scheme are also ratites .	O
Is ochraceous on its upper parts and the female has a distinct black barring .	I
Ōmori returned to school , and became a torpedo expert .	O
He was born in Switzerland but then moved to Montreal .	O
480th Service Squadron of the 45th Service and other USAAF units assigned to Charleville were the 8th Group .	I
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae , and in the larger scheme are also ratites .	O
Two new master 's degree programs and one PhD program : M.S .	O
Hausen studied mathematics at the University of Wittenberg and received his master 's degree in 1712 .	O
Was its director for three years consecutively and benacerraf founded the Nacional Film Library in 1966 .	I
Was filmed for American Public Television " and the concert was called " Mediterranea .	I
As with all good zoos education plays a key role within this zoo and it is a proud institutional member of the International Zoo Educators Association .	O
Led it into a decline which seemed irreversible and this dramatic event was a shock for the party .	I
Had created art for all the books in the saga beforehand , but cover artist Keith Parkinson died before " Confessor " was published .	I
The distance to the city of Antalya is 65 km and to the tourist town of Kemer is 22 km .	O
She started her media career at Melbourne 's 3AW radio station and then spent several years as a political reporter in Canberra .	O
Head writer of E and he is the Co-Executive Producer !	I
Her adaptation of " Orestes " , toured in the UK and played at the Tricycle Theatre with Shared Experience in 2006 .	O
Combined , the member schools employ around 6,000 people , and are responsible for educating about 100,000 primary aged children .	O
These are usually held at a school , and one Branch meeting a term is scheduled .	I
Imprisoned her and charles captured Helena .	I
Various English versions are popular as well , but the song is usually sung in Irish .	I
That of females 35 % and male literacy rate is 61 % .	I
Male literacy rate is 65 % and that of females 39 % .	O
That of females 39 % and male literacy rate is 68 % .	I
That of females 38 % and male literacy rate is 60 % .	I
It is on communal lines and will divide the country .	O
Sachar was suffering from ischemic heart disease and had a artificial cardiac pacemaker implanted .	O
For Ripon in 1807-27 and for Carlow borough in 1806 .	I
Reportedly later obtained such a confession from Adams , McParland in spite of the missed instruction about isolation .	I
Fans enjoyed the imagery used in the music video and " Aishou " was praised for her use of vocals .	I
Spent the season with their Triple-A affiliate , the Albuquerque Isotopes and on April 6 , , Pascucci was signed by the Florida Marlins .	I
The blades are removed and the box is then re-assembled .	I
David Mavorah is an expert of Israeli Antiquity , and ( presumably ) not an expert of statistics .	O
They had a son , Donnie , a year later , and at the age of 15 , she married Homer Shrader .	I
In 1634 his son Pieter painted pendant portraits of himself and his wife on the occasion of their 50th anniversary .	O
By the 8th week the ad ran in Billboard only and was a 4 page , full color fold out ...	O
Was the first Hudson 's Bay Company fort on Puget Sound and fort Nisqually was built near the present town of DuPont , Washington .	I
Literally hundreds of travelers on the combined California , Oregon , and Mormon Trails succumbed to cholera in the 1849-1855 time period .	O
The Sublette-Greenwood Cutoff was established in 1844 and cut about off the main route .	O
One branch turned almost 90 degrees and proceeded southwest to Soda Springs .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Energetik FC .	O
1762 to 1767 and from 1749 to 1754 .	I
King Charles III granted his wish on 14 March 1761 , and he requested a new term as governor of New Mexico .	I
It fell into financial difficulties and was auctioned in 1910 .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Neftchala .	O
The bitter rhetoric largely disappeared as prosperity returned , and the Populist movement almost totally collapsed after 1896 .	I
Of those , 189 received more than $ 2 million and of those , 428 people received more than a million dollars .	I
Their colors and school Houses	I
The first southbound train also leaves at about 10 : 15 am and on Sundays the first northbound train leaves at about 10 : 00 am .	I
It was owned by Guillermo O. Huerta Ramírez and broadcast with an ERP of 23 kW .	O
Harris obtained his Doctorate in Economics in 1977 and embarked on a career in investment banking .	O
Then in 1851 a public school was opened , and the children were at first educated at home .	I
The inflorescence is a solitary flower head or an open cluster of several heads .	O
The mansion still serves as a museum , but in a much smaller scale than before .	O
Melanie uses people in a blind panic and ends up in Germantown , Philadelphia .	O
His number of centuries is generally recorded in his career statistics , and a century is regarded as a landmark score for a batsman .	I
[ i ] Guitarist Juan Pieczanski and drummer Jeff Curtin , both from	O
Receives donations of bodies and jss Body Donation Association registers .	I
Began arresting children who chided the soldiers , and the National Guard stepped up its harassment .	I
It is made with flour and is round in shape .	O
However , this time Miocic started strong and took control of the octagon early .	O
They recognise the Hindu varna system and belong to the kshatriya class .	O
Ended on 13 May 2012 and it began on 3 September 2011 .	I
This was delayed due to a strike by the players , but the league was originally scheduled to start on 27 August .	I
Honored Iosif Begun at the White House and in May 1988 , President Ronald Reagan invited .	I
From 1974 to 1991 he was chairman of the council 's SPD group and , from 1991 to 1996 , he was the Mayor of Schneverdingen .	O
How the stars rule over humanity and an astrologer 's praise for his art .	I
He was born in Chicago and graduated from Northwestern University .	O
He has travelled across Europe and also worked in Ecuador .	O
He wrote " Poor Boy Blue " for Johnnie Taylor and " A Woman Without Love " for Dorothy Moore .	O
Three-time world Muay Thai champion and he is a former Lumpinee Stadium .	I
Halted because of the civil war , but construction began in the late 60s .	I
Was dropped due to his otherwise poor form , but he made 120 to save the Second Test .	I
The spinner Terry Gale 3 / 57 and smith 36 , Fred Titmus 36 not out .	I
Seven other batsmen got into double figures in an all round effort , but terry Bourke , an ex-New South Wales Colt , top-scored with 64 .	I
Henry died of pneumonia at the age of 16 in 1863 , and john Herbert died of erysipelas at the age of three months .	I
At once Pamban Swami got out of the pit and saw Chitra Poornima full moon in the sky .	O
Chautara is located in the northern part of Nepal and covers an area of around 50 square kilometers .	O
Womack had an outstanding amateur career , and beat future legend Evander Holyfield twice .	O
The game is popular in agricultural communities in Northwestern China , and often played on a board traced out on the ground .	O
Pendleton 's sacrifice enabled the entire company to continue the advance and complete their mission at a critical phase of the action .	O
Dustin Satloff was born in 1993 in New York City and received his first patent at the age of 10 .	O
An additional twenty-two were on order , and seven more were added in 1985 .	I
Teacher until 1996 when he to San Francisco , California , and he worked professionally in Edmonton as a composer , musical director moved .	I
In response gradually shapes CRB2s and sets the context for ) CRB1s .	I
Served in the infantry until July 1927 , and he entered the Red Army in 1925 .	I
It received a divisional signals command in September 1917 , and did not receive an artillery command until October 1918 .	O
" Jasmine " sailed north early in 1866 and decommissioned at New York City 12 May .	O
Returned to the Maritime Commission for operations as an Army transport and she was decommissioned at Baltimore , Maryland , on 12 June 1946 .	I
Buried alongside his father and prosser would later be cremated .	I
Indexed in Scopus and the journal was abstracted .	I
The fruits are generally hard and black with a pappus .	O
Never stopped entirely during the 20th century but immigration was restricted by governments after Diaz 's .	I
Was involved in the preparations for the Allied invasion of Sicily and on July 9 , 1943 , Parle was serving as an ensign .	I
Davies never pursued his case , and Maxwell died the following month .	O
He was cut on September 1 , 2007 , but was signed to the team 's practice squad .	O
Became castellan of the castle of Livorno , and he was a pupil of Girolamo Parigi .	I
Became the ward of fellow artists , and he was expelled from the hospice .	I
Drove one of the firm 's 1939 E-type models and leslie Johnson , owner of ERA in 1948 , entered .	I
Offers the best access to the reef and now this portion of the beach is public .	I
Troops on both sides entered the conflict , and the side of Francisco Vinagre was victorious .	O
Together called Mascarene white-eye and they were formerly considered conspecific .	I
" Happy New Year " all written by John Eddie " and kid Rock has covered " Lowlife " , " Forty .	I
Build a new facility , which opened in the summer of 2008 and during this transition period , Washington Christian Academy was able to purchase land .	I
Is shallow and she is vain .	I
The British Army is called , and soon many dinosaurs are killed .	O
A half back flanker , Cox was a strong rebound player and used his pace to run the ball up the wing .	O
The music is adequately slick and sure , her vocals are on point . "	I
The following year he won the Australian title again , his 21st , and retired shortly afterwards : 50 years after his first Australian title win .	O
In 1963 he was named Western Australian Sportsman of the Year , and in 1980 was awarded the Order of Australia ( OAM ) .	O
The teacher-student ratio is 1 : 8 , and whitfield classrooms average 12 students per class .	I
Again they won 1-0 with a goal from Nick Doherty , and in 2010 , The Warriors took on Sprinfield Catholic again .	I
Chris Wilkes ' 13 , and austin Smith ' 12 .	I
Junior goalie Alan Eidelman stopped all three chances to secure the win , and mvp senior Hunt Lucas scored the only goal in the shoot out .	I
The Orange County Fire Rescue Department provides fire protection and emergency medical services to Orange County , Florida .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1955 , and a post office was established at Cass in 1877 .	I
A post office was established at Pleasantville in 1865 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1964 .	O
A post office was established at Riverton in 1887 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905 .	O
Schedules resumed in June , but only lasted a month .	O
Is almost always deeply divided into two lobes at the end , and the lip is usually much larger than the other five tepals .	I
He plays the shooting guard position and wears the number 6 jersey .	O
Used by anyone or ( they are not played ) .	I
In April 1989 , he moved to Hiroshima and began to work as a taxi driver .	O
At this intersection both SR 67 and SR 119 join that concurrency .	O
The new look alley was reopened to the public in March 2007 and a ceremony was held in April 2007 to celebrate the reopening .	O
Launched a Westland Lynx HAS2 , and launched a Wasp HAS1 helicopter .	I
" The Bold and the Beautiful "	O
The Restless and " The Young "	I
It happened in downtown Yellville and left John Everett dead .	O
Killed him the next day and the Everett faction members trailed him .	I
Took control of Yellville and the militiamen relieved Sheriff Mooney .	I
Is the capital of Tsamba-Magotsi Department and it has a population of about 4,100 .	I
Were unable to suggest how the learning difficulties might be overcome , but they found that pediatricians were often helpful in diagnosing the condition .	I
New Right Divide and in " The Centre-left ?	I
Is currently on the committee of the Linbury Prize for stage design , and he is also a Companion of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts .	I
Educated at Harrow School and he was born in London .	I
Met His death , and did His work ;	I
To the Father and the Son ,	O
Led by three points at the break and galway played with the wind in the first-half .	I
The music was composed by KJ Joy and lyrics was written by Panthalam Sudhakaranand .	O
It runs up against the Mexico – United States border and takes in the Latino core of the metropolitan area .	O
The squadrons were sent to No and in July 1917 the regiment was dismounted .	I
In March 1979 work began on removing the overhead wiring , and in October 1978 electric trains were banned from the line .	I
His father was a huge fan of boxing and it was something Credeur easily fit into .	O
Appeared on " The Ultimate Fighter " series and tim is a member of Louisiana 's Gladiator Academy .	I
Hickok approached the square and called out Tutt .	O
The screenplay was written by Prathap Pothan and the dialogues were written by Khalid .	O
This brings him close to Daisy , and they are attracted to each other .	O
Is all set to turn a new leaf and pradeep starts to respond positively to Daisy 's support .	I
It wasn 't that costly and the gals put it between their knees . "	I
In 1989 the name was changed to Unifly Express and with it came the first McDonnell Douglas MD-83 .	O
The impact is not only measured by economic output , but also by the meaningful learning experiences provided for students .	O
A J.D and from Duke University .	I
He is an elderly man who dresses in a baby blue robe and requires a walking frame ; his dog Jesse is similarly decrepit .	O
Jones held a three-stroke lead through 54 holes , but struggled throughout the final round on Saturday afternoon .	O
The Taihang Mountains are to the north , and the Yellow River is to the south .	O
Record-tying fourth U.S. Open title and bobby Jones won his second consecutive .	I
Burke reportedly smoked 32 cigars during the tournament , and quipped afterwards : " George Von Elm lost .	O
A 289 total , while Bobby Cruickshank shot 68 to tie him and perkins continued his solid play in the final round , shooting a 70 .	I
Had a three-stroke lead over Sarazen at the midway point , and bobby Cruickshank opened the tournament with a pair of 71s .	I
Walter Hagen briefly led during the final round , but four consecutive bogeys knocked him back to third .	O
Wood opened the tournament with a 73 in the first round and followed that up with a 71 in the rain-delayed second .	O
He left for city rival Manchester City in summer 2009 and manchester United failed to agree a price with Tevez 's owner .	I
Non-sovereign territories are not ranked and are shown in italics .	O
She has received two silver medals in the world championships , and finished overall third in the Orienteering World Cup two times .	O
Bassist Dave Spitz left the band shortly before the tour , and was replaced by Jo Burt , formerly of Virginia Wolf .	O
So turned them down at that point and i was determined to finish my solo thing .	I
I went to some shows and we did keep in touch though .	I
Right-arm medium-fast roundarm bowler and cosstick was a right-hand batsman .	I
An attempt to produce it was made by Ratchet , and the formula for creating Synthetic Energon was partially recovered .	I
Had enough money to pay tuition at Greensboro Day School and as a child , Chamberlain 's family was well to do .	I
The creation of Princes Park showed great foresight and introduced a number of highly influential ideas .	O
Liverpool had a burgeoning presence in global maritime trade before 1800 , and during the Victorian era its wealth rivalled that of London itself .	O
The two discussed Gandhi 's teachings , and the methodology of organising peaceful resistance .	O
Meetings can be attended by the public and the Village council meets ten times per year .	I
The preparatory school has been coeducational since 2000 but the pre-prep school has always accepted girls .	O
Opened on 2 June and construction was completed in 2005 .	I
The PRCA staff consists of about 70 full-time employees , but grows to nearly 100 during the peak rodeo season .	O
Japanese rock group Boøwy , to which he once belonged , disbanded and this album was released as his solo debut five months later .	O
Not absolute , dependence on somatotropin , but the growth factor has a major .	I
While it retained the official name , it never caught on popularly , but the school changed its name to Señora de Santa Ana in 1634 .	I
It also is a research and support center for artists .	O
It now holds various temporal expositions and houses the Teatro López Tarso .	O
Running and running tiger bear	I
Chicken general and pup general	O
Chinese cock and blind dog	I
River general and wind general	I
Earth general and go between	O
Free tiger and free dragon	I
Free serpent and coiled dragon	O
Final , instalment of the Lifelines anthology , and in 1992 the College published its fourth .	I
It was his first and last NHL game .	O
The frequency was later changed to 90.3 MHz and it continues to operate on that frequency .	O
The first non-Australian song was " Blame " by Calvin Harris feat and the first song on hit107 was " Cosby Sweater " by Hilltop Hoods .	I
The feminine form would be Sexta , and its standard abbreviation is Sex . .	I
Spiritual ) Israelites possibly on ( or they are less commonly known as Messianic , based .	I
The vessel is assigned to the Pacific Region and is based at Victoria , British Columbia .	O
He entered the Jesuit novitiate in 1961 and was ordained a priest in 1972 .	O
Spent most of his Jesuit life working with rice farmers in Madagascar and henri de Laulanié from Poitou , France , joined the Society of Jesus .	I
He looks for any survivors in shut mines , but finds all barricades broken through by mad crowds .	O
The image of the city to onto a third , and we would have two images — the actors on the set — combine .	I
This was similar to the in-camera matte shot , but relied on one master positive as a backup .	O
Kamalakanni is believed to have protests that she would become a widow and draupadi , a Hindu goddess , beheaded the hundred heads of the demon .	I
He was 22 then and still developing physically .	O
Arrest of several mourners and also the plain clothes heated .	I
Accused the opposition movement of seeking to politicise the incident and fars news agency denied there had been any clash with police .	I
Luna came in first and won the position .	O
As a result , the counterattack soon collapsed , and Luna placated himself by disarming the Kawit Battalion .	O
Continued building defenses at Pangasinan where the Americans were planning a landing , and luna shrugged off all these threats , reiterating his trust for Aguinaldo .	I
The student will choose a task from one of these topic areas and conduct a research experiment throughout the course of the agricultural class .	O
They opened a literary cafe and were giving lecture events .	O
Education Cases and local Bodies	I
The construction started on 15 April 1915 and was completed on 31 March 1919 .	O
Works in London and currently , Hilliard lives .	I
Secured their first playoff appearance and the Pioneers clinched the Northeastern Division .	I
Used by glutathione synthetase to form glutathione and it is formed by glutamate — cysteine ligase .	I
Are 2nd in the SEC West and as for the Aggies they are 9-4 .	I
Continue through 8th grade and students begin at age three .	I
Has earned recognition by the Illinois State Board of Education and the school is fully accredited by the Evangelical Lutheran Education Association .	I
Musician from the United States and brandon Patton is a game designer .	I
The scope of the collection is global and more than 15 languages are represented .	O
It was Canada 's first income trust , and it was originally called Enerplus Resources Fund .	I
On 2007 , Century Media Records signed the band and re-released their debut album with two bonus tracks .	O
It also considered 1,600 public comments and suggestions from the American public .	O
However , DPB symptoms usually return , and treatment would need to be resumed .	O
The ride involved the closure of the Boneyard in September 2008 , and the moving of the Blue Man Group pathway in November 2008 .	O
The cast iron brake wheel is diameter and the wooden tail wheel is diameter .	O
Is 19.6 km from the eastern terminus of the Line at Ikebukuro , and shin-nakano Station is served by the Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line from to .	I
He left the club at the end of the season and was appointed as coach to Darlington 's arch-rivals Hartlepool .	O
He was promoted Brevet colonel on 23 September 1902 and retired from the Army later the same year .	O
Strengthened in 2007 and the sanctions were extended .	I
Other charities for introducing the bill and carfagna was criticized by prostitutes ' representatives .	I
The unit consisted of 23 men , and the supporting engineering company of sixty-five .	O
He died in Paris in 2004 and is buried at Passy cemetery .	O
By the time the war ended over forty of the RAF pilots and aircrew whose portraits Kennington had painted had been killed in action .	O
He is married to Berna Ataman and has a son named Sarp .	O
He was the eldest child born to a pair of brewers , and attended the École des Beaux-Arts before doing military service at Saint-Cyr .	O
Some movements are similar to Balinese dances and performing arts like the Barong dance .	O
If a fight is unavoidable , the exponent taunts and provokes the opponent into losing their mental poise .	O
It commended the actions of the master and first mate of " Actenor " .	O
Ga pursued classical studies at " Liceo classico Umberto I " in Ragusa and obtained a degree in law from the University of Catania in 1976 .	O
Their biggest number of wins in 15 years , and this was their best finish in 11 years .	I
Japan collaborated to make an animated film and this film marks the first time Soviet Union .	I
Eventually was certified Gold by the RIAA and the song reached # 35 in the U.S. .	I
The Football Association of Norway was founded in 1902 and the first international match was played in 1908 .	O
Is an important nesting area for Atlantic puffin , and the island is protected as a nature reserve .	I
During the fortification 's lengthy construction , the river course was straightened and dredged to allow ships to sail inland along a man-made channel .	O
However , Savill grew up and still lives in Ottawa .	O
Agriculture Cooperative and Natural Resources	O
Good Governance and sustainable Development	I
The church is oval-shaped and bears a dome .	O
The Museum was opened in 1988 , and the Library was established in 1986 .	I
Three-unit receiver racks were still predominant , but the receiver line-up was quite different .	O
Briefly attended Yale University and pierce attended Phillips Academy Andover .	I
With the training matrix formula _ 24 and the noise matrix formula _ 25 .	O
Architectures and supported manufacturers :	I
Their blood is dark and therefore , they are pale .	I
Universal adult suffrage adopted , and political parties were legalised .	I
Besieged by the Hungarian king Matthias Corvinus in 1480 and the abbey was again ravaged by Ottoman forces in 1476 .	I
Co-authored the lyrics on her CDs , and he married the late Mindy Jostyn .	I
This was not only the highest figures for the station but also the highest reach ever recorded on the license .	O
Majority Whip Kaleo Moylan , and Joseph F. Ada ) .	O
Alteration of the architectural design plans and both of these gave increased construction costs .	I
Was the home ground of I.K and it was mostly used for football matches .	I
The city constructed public housing projects to accommodate more people but did not replace all the units that were lost .	O
The facility is an all-seater and it is fully roofed .	O
) , press and special guests .	O
It is situated on a small illuminated socle and the 3.2 m tall statue was cast from bronze .	I
She then moved to Neiman Marcus and served as the from 1992-1995 .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Wisła Płock .	O
The stadium holds 10,978 people and was built in 1973 .	O
Julia is loyal to her father , but not afraid to criticize his decisions .	O
Ultimately becomes its victim and julia grows up among intrigue .	I
She finally marries Agrippa and falls pregnant instantly .	O
The idea took hold in other retail establishments , and the age of " franchising " was underway .	O
Chikerema complained about intimidation by ZANU-PF supporters during the campaign , and was distraught when his party failed to win any seats .	O
She is angry at injustice and has a hot temper .	O
She lives in Ebony 's hotel for a while and joins her militia to fight the invading Chosen .	O
Kc snuck into the mall and robbed goods from everyone .	O
He was caught by Lex and was given a trial .	O
In his grief he starts to drink , and struggles with alcohol abuse in series 2 .	O
Stumbles across Liberty where he Ram , and lex goes in search of her for days , finds .	I
Sometimes she is almost desperate for a friend but tries her best not to show it .	O
Taken away and ryan gets caught .	I
His motives are often ambiguous , and he 's out for himself .	I
In series 3 , Brady was taken by the Chosen and revered as the " Divine Child " of Zoot .	O
He is easily swayed by compliments and is deeply hurt by rejection .	O
Fell to # 42 on Baseball America 's prospect list and however , he had an injury plagued season at Double-A Jacksonville .	I
He was named the Dodgers Minor League Player of the Year , and was chosen as first-team Triple-A All-Star First Baseman by Baseball America .	O
Remodeled into the hotel that it is now and at that point , the seminary buildings were acquired .	I
She also lectured at Birmingham University on occasion , as well as running a summer school at Oxford .	O
It is the county flower of Oppland , Norway and is depicted in the county coat of arms .	O
" flauto iperbasso " in Italian " and he calls it " hyperbass flute .	I
J. Hanway visited Baku in 1747 and left few records of Ateshgah .	O
O 'Donovan visited the temple in 1879 and refers about religious worship of Guebres .	O
Was succeeded by his grandson and david died on 24 May 1153 .	I
Queen Mary died on 28 December 1694 , and King William became sole monarch of Scotland .	O
This decree solidified his position , and aguilar had named Estrada governor .	I
Peer mentoring led by senior students may discourage diversity and prevent critical analysis of the higher education system .	O
The pair left the show following its third season and signed a development with 20th Century FOX TV .	O
It also marks the return of founding drummer Andy Parker to the band and the last ( to date ) to feature founding bassist Pete Way .	O
They have since progressed through a building in the old CFB Currie , and for ten years shared the Viscount Bennett Centre with Chinook Learning Services .	O
So now will have to wear his helmet forever and however , he can hide the Slavemark under his helmet .	I
Alvin 's the new king , and declares war on the dragons .	O
Given the Slavemark and stoick has been banished .	I
Exceptionally common dragon who is extremely and in the books Toothless is an exceptionally small disobedient .	I
The pony herd was moved from the island in 1980 and taken to Cornwall , where it continued to breed .	O
This was written by Mullally and illustrated by Brian Forbes .	O
The epitheton is Latin for " disc " and refers to the shape of the cymbium .	O
Refers to the shape of the cymbium " and the epitheton is Latin for " shield .	I
He identified several new species of plants and created a herbarium with 72,000 specimens .	O
Competed from 1968 to 1978 , and he was born in Eisenerz .	I
Is a former Asian record holder with 14.66 metres , and ren set three world junior records in triple jump .	I
Bolin became a 26th Judicial District judge and served until his retirement in 2012 .	O
Was also available on DVD by Viz Media and " Hikaru no Go " was on ImaginAsian TV .	I
Added 54 assists and he scored 30 goals .	I
Area in the United wetland it is the largest man-made marine Kingdom .	I
Noted Canadian statutes seemed to recognize such extradition as legal , and richards upheld the extradition as a matter of treaty law .	I
On 5 May 1543 , Elizabeth entered Kraków and met Sigismund Augustus for the first time .	O
She was tormented by increasingly frequent seizures and in April 1545 , Elizabeth 's health deteriorated .	I
Added 191 assists and he tallied 59 goals .	I
He tallied 59 goals and added 191 assists .	O
An average density of 108.6 people per km ² and in 2013 , Vakinankaratra had an estimated population of 1,803,307 .	I
During that time he met and courted his future wife .	O
We learn from our mistakes , and we do the best we can . "	I
He further analysed his service game and found it be most unorthodox .	O
Later in his career he adapted to baseline play and utilized a series of dropshots in his games .	O
Shortly after , he obtained a reversal of his grandfather 's attainder and presumably became the 2nd Baron Lumley of the 1384 creation also .	O
The first-half was a low-scoring affair and provided little excitement for fans .	O
Was equally combat-efficient as the BMP-1 and in 1969 , the BMD-1 entered service .	I
He was a noted physician for his age and received a professorial chair at this university .	O
The " Ajax " -class ships were bad seaboats and steered very erratically , especially at high speed .	O
Settled in West Brighton , New York , and they had a daughter , Marjorie May .	I
With the Islanders , appearing in four games debut during the same season , he made his NHL .	I
She is single , and has two daughters .	O
They work in health care settings , and provide homes for the developmentally disabled .	O
Initially served the Chicago – St , and these were based out of Chicago .	I
The first two trainsets were to enter service in 1999 , and new York selected Super Steel Schenectady to perform the work .	I
Lois was cordial on the phone , and even offered to mail some mementos .	O
Continued with the " Predator Absolute " in November 2005 , and adidas introduced PowerPulse in the Predator Pulse in late 2003 .	I
Rarely seen title and it is an obscure .	I
Cass returned to Wales after the war ended in 1945 , but travelled to London in 1949 in search of musical opportunities .	O
Subsequently signed a multi-year deal extending his contract until 2015 and in 2012 , he joined the team EHC Visp Nationalliga B .	I
Lived in Linz until her death and in 1565 , Catherine returned to Austria .	I
These symptoms can either happen alone or multiple can happen at once .	O
Several of her early roles were in musicals and she achieved some success as a singer .	O
Was optioned back to the International League with the Charlotte Knights , and owens was put on the White Sox ' extended 40-man roster .	I
The new format was called " ManC " and was launched on the 4 August 2010 .	O
They discover that their relationship is real , and they truly have feelings for each other .	O
Instead of playing the instruments they destroy them , but the father wants them to learn to play .	I
Has to go to the end of the line and if they hit the edge , the person is buzzed .	I
They will also earn a Community Chest combination card and the family can win up to $ 4,000 in cash .	I
The restored east window has three cinquefoil lights and has an original label with mask stops .	O
Is greatest among individuals younger than 35 years of age , and this number equals approximately 5 % of the total population .	I
Strangles them both and elsa activates the arms .	I
Was published , dedicated to her late friend Josefina Benedicks , and in 1836 " Nya Sånger " ( New Songs ) .	O
Two laps later , Ragan became the leader , but two laps later , Bowyer reclaimed the position .	O
Trevor 's a good kid , and I love the Wood Brothers .	O
Adni has been running since 2004 and is currently funded until 2021 .	O
Deep learning algorithms can diagnose AD with greater than 95 % accuracy , and can diagnose MCI due to AD with greater than 82 % accuracy .	O
He is also the Foundation Professor of 'Membrane Separations and Director of the NJIT Center for Membrane Technologies .	O
Direct union was not considered feasible due to steric hindrance , but both connections were made possible through a sulfur contraction method .	O
Pyrolysis gave the complete C ring 45 and treatment with methanolic hydrochloric acid gave lactam 44 .	I
He was sheriff on Kauaʻi in 1870 and then Maui from 1872 to 1874 .	O
She dies in Wesley 's arms and eventually the parasite consumes Fred 's body .	I
She fails in her endeavor , however , and finds herself lost in the modern world .	O
Is located on the DuPont Historic Corridor and the hospital is part of the DuPont legacy .	I
Sally lived in fear for her safety and that of her two young girls .	O
Works with her as a machinist at " Underworld " ) and she is a friend of Linda Sykes ( Jacqueline Pirie .	I
Then she commits suicide by throwing herself under a passing lorry and when found together , Kevin persuades her to give Bethany to him .	I
Ruined many wells and overproduction depleted the oil .	I
Continues its involvement at Spindletop today and the Gladys City Oil Company still exists .	I
After the original gristmill burned down , Ford bought the site and commissioned Albert Kahn to design a new mill in 1921 .	O
His possessions reverted to the Crown and roger was eventually banished from the country .	I
He led his school to a 20 – 1 record and the Catholic League state championship during his senior year .	O
As a freshman , Trombino was expected to be a midfielder , but he surprisingly earned a spot in the first team attack unit .	O
Well as an honorable mention USILA All-American Team selection as he was a second team All-Ivy League selection that year .	I
We could have talked about that , but I can ’ t control that .	O
Before the 1987 season , Hansen joined the Seattle Mariners organization and was assigned to the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts for the season .	O
Thus not a true clade and therefore , Baurusuchidae was considered polyphyletic .	I
Its fate thereafter is unknown and the film soon disappeared from cinemas .	I
Signed up by Arsenal F.C , and he is talent-spotted by scouts .	I
The lyrics discuss the problems with the content of secular hip hop , and the importance for Christians of listening to Christian music to glorify God .	O
Hip-hop Recorded Song of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards / in 2007 , the song was nominated for a Dove Award for Rap .	I
Its scales are arranged in 30 rows around the body , and there are more than 300 scales in the middorsal row .	O
From then on composed thousands of acrostic verses , such as and in 1916 , aged 15 , he studied the complete Tibetan grammar :	I
Lagendijk was born in Rotterdam and grew up in Ridderkerk .	O
Was replaced by Rafael Valenzuela and joel Solis departed from the band .	I
Has since won 7 Meath Football Championships , and the current club was founded in 1931 .	I
Summerhill won the championship and retained Feis Cup .	O
He notched 10 career interceptions , good for 5th in UCF history and his 147 career interception return yards ranks 8th in school history .	O
Introduced him to the sport and both of his older brothers played .	I
Faced Megumi Yabushita in a non-title fight and ellis moved up in weight to 135 pounds .	I
She faced Jessica Penne in the preliminary round and lost via submission in the first round .	O
The ground slopes steeply to the south down to 150 metres and the north part of the site is 225 metres above sea level .	I
He died before he inherited but she bequeathed the property to him .	I
Proctor played in 7 matches for the Storm in 2009 and was named the club 's Rookie of the Year .	O
The station opened in 1892 and was closed in 1963 .	O
Extended a short distance to either side of the building , and a veranda covered the platform in front of the building .	I
It was the biggest-selling download in Ireland in 2008 , and was a winning nominee at the 2008 Meteor Awards .	O
From 2012 it changed to stroke play but until 2011 it was a match play event .	I
Other items must be returned or otherwise accounted ( e.g .	O
Was played at Colonial through 1988 and this PGA Tour event began in 1958 .	I
The sadistic members of the posse hang him upside down and set him on fire while he is still alive .	O
In 2006 , Lawton performed and record his new compositions .	O
It was founded in 1929 , and operated by the Dominican Order .	O
Wrote a monthly column for their e-newsletter " The Sovereign Individual and pugsley was the Chairman of the society at the time of his death . "	I
The " International Living " e-newsletter " and delamare has written for " EscapeArtist.com .	I
Up to can be put onto the hanger , and on the lower scale this reads up to .	I
The attachments were cast iron lugs which fractured at the bolt holes , and after the disaster numerous fractured lugs were found lying on the piers .	O
Unfortunately , this action was met with some resistance and resulted in many residents to stay in place .	O
Licensed out to English factories to make them and robert Griffith Jones acquired Bourging 's rights in 1828 .	I
It was founded in 1996 as the Newport Asia Pacific University and the name was changed seven years later to Anaheim University .	O
The incident received wide coverage in American newspapers at the time and was still being discussed in the popular press years later .	O
The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948 and the workhouse building itself was demolished in 2001 .	O
Should be utilized for cartographic purposes only , and it is not intended for legal use .	I
Olvi ( ) is a Finnish brewery and soft drinks company founded in 1878 .	O
In combination the work achieves a refined Art Deco style , and it was built in three phases from 1934 to 1947 .	I
This would have led to a great waste of energy and so they were never seriously considered for industrial use .	O
The first steam engine to be applied industrially was the " fire-engine " or " Miner 's Friend " , designed by Thomas Savery in 1698 .	O
It covers a total area of , and its elevations range from to over .	I
The Litany of the Blessed Virgin Mary , and other famous Marian prayers include the Magnificat .	I
When interviewed by Chief Interrogator Colonel John Amen proclaims amnesia and in the intervening time Hess 's mental state has further deteriorated .	I
He returned to New College in 1946 , and became the first postwar president of OUDS .	O
Was second in power only to the grand vizier and the head of the judiciary ranked directly below the sultan .	I
Under shotgun design to be produced and the Browning Superposed was the first over .	I
Kansas State scored 135 points and gave up 421 points .	O
Later transferred to Williams College , but he initially attended Oberlin College .	I
Abkhazia accused Georgia of continuing to fly drones in the region , but georgia had officially suspended drone flights over Abkhazia in early June .	I
What or are we geniuses ? "	I
He didn 't like anything I did and that was why I left . "	O
Blamed each other for the incident , and both sides reported automatic weapons fire .	I
In the group play , they won three matches and drew two , finishing second in the group .	O
The church issued a unanimous call , and Hall was installed that same year .	O
Toshiyuki Mori orchestrated each of the recorded songs and arranged the whole " Yattsuke Shigoto " .	O
Soon named " visitadores " to enforce the laws " and rodrigo de Alburquerque was named " repartidor de indios .	I
The House of Bourbon replaced the House of Habsburg in Spain in 1700 and introduced economic reforms that gradually began to revive trade in Santo Domingo .	O
His uncle , Humphrey Humphreys , became Bishop of Hereford in 1701 , and Humphreys appointed Wynne as chancellor of the diocese of Hereford in 1707 .	O
Implemented across software testing projects and the processes can be easily adopted .	I
It is a 22 meters high and is built on a podium .	O
Bronislaus " Fred " Kijek was a Grey Cup champion and All-Star fullback in the early days of Canadian football .	O
Was buried in the Maqbaratoshoara and he died on 23 Jun 1991 .	I
In this way , students can learn in a new way and understand the important points of what teachers want to teach .	O
Lyrics were by Poovachal Khader and the songs were composed by Johnson .	I
Experiences reverse conditions in winters and it is extremely hot in summer .	I
Took over the atmospheric sampling mission for Soviet nuclear explosion monitoring and in 1957 the squadron was consolidated with its sister 6021st Reconnaissance Squadron .	I
It has been in publication since 1980 and is currently published by SAGE Publications .	O
" First Language " is abstracted and indexed in the following databases :	O
Chose not to participate that year , but regina Kulikova was the defending champion .	I
The construction started on December 8 , 2009 and was finished on August 8 , 2011 .	O
It is also a temporary home stadium and club training center for Goyang Dinos .	O
Climbed to the highest point of 50 of those countries and he traveled to all 54 African countries from 2013 to 2018 .	I
While returning south took the more expedient route on the way down and francis took the most circuitous , scenic , high , difficult route north .	I
Dr. B.R & tripura Medical College .	I
It was commissioned in 1968 and the first was at the airport .	I
István Gulyás ( born 2 April 1968 ) is a Hungarian handball coach and former handball player , currently coaching Hungarian top division side KC Veszprém .	O
In 1421 , they settled their disputes and confirmed the division of the county .	O
Since then pilot training has continued until today and the Polish military returned to Sadków in March 1945 .	I
Was completed in March 2014 and its re-assembly started in January 2013 .	I
Had a population of 600,000 and it covers over 175 square kilometers .	I
Sofosbuvir is in the nucleotide analog family of medication and works by blocking the hepatitis C NS5B protein .	O
The half life of sofosbuvir is 0.4 hours , and the half life of GS-331077 is 27 hours .	O
Was built in 1934 and the stadium held 12,000 people .	I
Suffered a loss to Toronto Croatia , but he reached the CSL Championship final .	I
In its place stands Harrison Hall , but this building has now been demolished .	I
The foundation is stone block , and the wall is brick bearing .	O
They also improve the options and possibilities for staging setups .	O
On 22 July the crusaders were busy getting settled and still days away from starting the siege proper .	O
The musical first began in October 2006 and later concluded its performance in 2008 .	O
Became Washington 's first municipal architect and ashford entered the District service in 1895 .	I
He was Minister of Finance ( 1827 – 1828 ) and Governor of Zacatecas , where he promoted important reforms .	O
Holds a master 's degree in American Studies and sofie graduated in 2006 from the University of Groningen .	I
Missed the rest of the 2011 – 12 season , and however , Rivers injured his ankle in January 2012 .	I
It remained the Taylor Motor Company until 1977 and in 1939 , S. L. Taylor purchased the business .	I
Claimed his first try against Worcester in the LV = cup , and he scored his first points against Leicester on 3 October 2011 .	I
Did not close poorly performing units and they allowed each company to operate autonomously .	I
A few other companies also operate in the district , and the Forest Development Corporation SODEFOR employs several hundred workers .	I
He 's fine and he just had a physical . '	I
The purse for the event was CAD $ 32,000 , and the event was held in a triple knockout format .	O
In November , Brooklands was zoned red , but the decision for Southshore was further delayed .	O
The difference between the number of games won and lost is a team 's game score .	O
Ward in Oxford , England and blackbird Leys is a civil parish .	I
Later the building served as a Public Records Office , and after that as a depot for the municipal library .	O
He brings her to one of Alex 's hideouts in a bar , but they are forced to flee when the Triad comes looking for them .	O
The film score was composed and conducted by John Williams .	O
Is part of the civic centre and it is adjacent to the Council offices .	I
53.3 % of the population is female and 73.6 % were born in Australia .	O
A $ 1 million on Wayne Mansfield , on 27 October 2006 , and the Court imposed a penalty of A $ 4.5 million on Clarity1 .	I
The tea is named for the county , and keemun tea is produced in Qimen County .	I
Assertions can either be requirements put upon a web service or an advertisement of the policies of a web service .	O
The idea of " Q-Less " alleviated them but there were concerns about shoving Q into an episode .	I
Season 2 was watched by 2.273 million viewers and season 1 Finale was watched by 3.115 million viewers .	I
In the gala concert , the orchestra hosted the prominent Philharmonia Chorus and performed Dvořák ’ s Requiem for the first time in Turkey .	O
The Games featured 72 medal events in five sports , and saw the debut of snowboarding at the Winter Paralympics .	O
However , Sternhell was required neither to publish a retraction , nor to strike any passages from future printings of his book .	O
First broadcast on February 9 , 1999 on the WB network , and it was written by Doug Petrie , directed by Michael Lange .	I
Does not know Angel 's name , but wesley is willing to tell him .	I
Flettner 's company in the U.S. was not commercially successful , but his work was shared with the US Army Air Forces .	O
Allow for improved cardiac function in the face of stressors , and ultimately , this response can be compensatory for a duration .	I
Is spread out over and the village is extremely rural .	I
Region of Senegal and louga is a city .	I
Hodge commanded the 43rd Division during the combats in Northern Solomons and was decorated with Army Distinguished Service Medal for his service .	O
He was often away in the provinces , but he produced here a number of plays :	O
His stage appearances gradually became fewer , and he published his reminiscences in 1888 .	I
The soil here is extremely sandy and full of smooth flint pebbles .	O
The two arch bridge was built of local Hamstone and carries a small road over the River Parrett .	O
Weakly granular or skin is smooth .	I
Has been designated as a Grade II * listed building and the parish Church of St Nicholas dates from the 14th century .	I
Was restored in 1627 and bromes House has medieval origins .	I
Went on to earn a Master of Social Work at Hunter College and settling in the New York area , she studied psychology at Brooklyn College .	I
Then float to the surface the steel considerably more pure and as the mixture cooled the glass would bond to impurities in the steel , leaving .	I
Several attempts were made to import the process , but failed because the exact technique remained a mystery .	O
Metal working suffered a decline during the British Empire , but steel production was revived in India by Jamsetji Tata .	O
It was founded by a group of Irish Christian Brothers in 1878 , and it is now one of three Christian Brothers schools in the state .	O
Water levels were improved by work on the river below Langport , and the 1841 census records that a salt house had been constructed .	O
Are also important in immunosurveillance for malignant cells and these cytokines are first to respond to viral infection .	I
Dates from the late 15th century and the wood screen is also ornately carved .	I
Finished in 1717 with a from William Steele and the present Quaker Meeting House was built in Queen Anne style , bequest .	I
Brigham 's is sold in quart cartons throughout New England , and was served at franchised restaurants located in Massachusetts until 2013 .	O
Will retreat before they are seen and uncommon , perenties generally avoid human contact .	I
Ambush prey when the need and though normally active hunters , they hide arises .	I
Elizabeth accepts his proposal and he admits his continued love .	I
Her dresses appeared to have been mended , and mrs Bennet was of the older generation .	I
Soon appeared at Glasgow 's Citizens ' Theatre and he trained as an actor at RADA until 1953 .	I
The Mitzvah Men and " Uncle Moishy	I
English is found below the crest and the word " Passport " in Chinese .	I
There were parties , and we all went .	O
He did not remain long in Italy , but in 1440 Basin was ordained a subdeacon .	I
Left SBS to pursue her writing and she won a literary grant in 1986 .	I
Was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup , and he also played for the Mexico national football team .	I
This was not a major concern in an experimental piece ; but the rate of fire was very low as a result .	I
Closed as a church in 1952 and it was built in the 17th century .	I
The serrated seal logo for Mattel was designed in 1955 and based on a concept by Mattel co-founder Elliot Handler .	O
Planning was underway for the future development and management of the Cross Plains unit .	O
It then joined the 2nd Division on 19 August 1915 , but left to join the 33rd Division on 25 November 1915 .	O
The United States became engaged in the Spanish – American War and in April 1898 the USS " Maine " exploded in Havana harbor .	I
The base swimming pool was a popular activity during the summer and a military bus ran from the front gate to Washington .	O
The larger town of Penrith is about 8 miles away , and the market town of Appleby-in-Westmorland is about 5 miles away .	I
With Payo Alicea & Sexteto La Playa	O
" The Dropouts " was a comic strip created by Post and was syndicated by United Features Syndicate from 1968 to 1981 .	O
Ten times higher sensitivity than its predecessor HALCA and it was expected to achieve ten times higher resolution .	I
George Drennen Fischer was an American activist and spokesman for the National Education Association .	O
The two of them get back to Ibara and tell the ruling Tribunal what has happened .	O
May be as many as eight , but the litter size is typically two .	I
, from Bretts Wharf by and the racecourse can also be accessed by bus , CityCat .	I
The boys initial shock quickly turns to rage , and they begin to viciously beat Gwen to death .	O
He had saved her life , yet sentenced her mother to death .	O
This systemic disease resembles scleromyxedema and to some extent scleroderma .	O
Was unhappy with the result but cortez recorded a vocal for it .	I
He was among the signers of the Act Constituting the Federation and of the Federal Constitution of the United States of Mexico .	O
Crashes a year with 40 people injured and before this it was having 26 vehicle collisions .	I
Taking it easy and he likes simple things .	I
However Mason had to sell the horses to guarantee Tex and himself would have enough to eat over the winter .	O
Were Radu Bozgan and Ştefan Gheorghiu .	O
It raised spirits and gave hope .	O
198 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 22 businesses in this sector .	O
The sculptor was Ferenc Gyurcsek and the master mason was Friedrich Opferkuh .	I
The stereotypical red-neck is almost incapable of running the food booth , and is constantly distracted by Virgil Carp 's firecrackers near the building .	O
Is certified for single pilot IFR and the basic model includes a glass cockpit .	I
Adds five kts to cruising speed and a retractable wheel landing gear is optional .	I
The tail rotor gearbox is rated for 3,200 hours and the main transmission is rated for 5,000 hours between overhauls .	I
He is now a full-time coach and scout in the United States .	O
Bonbaden had its first documented mention in 772 , and so celebrated 1200 years of existence in 1972 .	O
Failed to make the first team , but touzani came through the Ajax academy .	I
The trial began on June 22 , 1897 , and Mary Jane Heaster was Preston 's star witness .	O
Had performances on June 28-June 30 of 2018 , and the musical debuted on June 28 , 2018 .	I
It had a candidate in the 2004 presidential elections , but they received less than 0.5 % of the vote .	O
They start dating and she finds him attractive .	I
The dormitories were not completed for another six years , but the gymnasium was completed first on 2 September 1951 .	I
362 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 39 businesses in this sector .	O
The medial surface is concave , and affords attachment to the masseter .	O
The anterior end is deeply serrated and articulates with the zygomatic bone .	O
" n " the number of symbols in a transmission , and where " S " was the number of possible symbols .	I
Served as a thin porridge and sometimes it was boiled in milk .	I
Dry food placed on the open lid , and spoon food was served from the cask .	I
Reindeer were introduced in Iceland in the late 18th century and live wild on the moorlands in the eastern farthing .	O
The victims of diving accidents are generally recovered or rescued by other divers in the vicinity .	O
Field for the United Kingdom held at Cwmbran Stadium , Cwmbran and the 1982 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track .	I
" Candy Apple Nightmares " to mixed reviews " and beach Party " debuted on " Candy Apple Daydreams slightly .	I
Field for the United Kingdom held at Meadowbank Stadium , Edinburgh and the 1983 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track .	I
She also works in beadwork , and incorporates beading into her sculptures .	O
It began a nuclear weapons program in the 1980s , and the North began building a nuclear reactor in 1963 .	I
In early childhood she studied dance and went to a ballet studio .	O
Are harvested from the Irish Sea by Oriel Marine Extracts and oriel Sea Minerals are concentrated sea mineral salts in liquid form .	I
The 1984 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for the United Kingdom held at Cwmbran Stadium , Cwmbran .	O
She was a member of the Tewa and a resident of Santa Clara Pueblo .	O
The 1985 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for the United Kingdom held at Antrim Stadium , Antrim .	O
S. Crawford , and R. Deaves .	O
It was recorded in 2006 and released by Marsalis Music .	O
The album was entirely produced and arranged by Takuya Kuroda .	O
He is currently Professor of English Language and Literature at the University of Chicago .	O
Signed into law by the Mayor and the amendment was passed in August 1971 .	I
Tsao attended Matsu High School , and graduated from Central Police University .	O
Then headed north to Fort Laramie in Wyoming and first , their wagon train followed the Platte River .	I
From there , the party followed the Snake River and then the Columbia River to the Willamette Valley .	O
The statue honors Keizur for his service in pre-territorial legislature and as commander of the state 's first military organization .	O
Streetcars were supplemented with trolleybusses starting in 1948 , and the streetcar network was rebuilt completely by 1955 .	I
Gravel was born in Berlin , Germany but grew up in Asbestos , Quebec .	O
Became the first Cuban American to serve in Congress , and ros-lehtinen won a competitive campaign to flip the seat .	I
The 1986 UK Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for the United Kingdom held at Cwmbran Stadium , Cwmbran .	O
With no issue but the two were married .	I
Studied at the mathematical school in Leningrad and as a child he was engaged in painting .	I
He was dismissed after just three months and jung 's second stint as minister was short-lived .	I
The fixtures were published on 15 June 2018 and the season began on 4 August 2018 .	O
Blurred vision may last for a few weeks , but these symptoms disappear in 1 to 2 days .	I
She served in the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force during World War II and then enrolled to study law at the Middle Temple Inns of Court .	O
Is covered by keeled scales on the dorsal section , and the body is elongated with a moderately long tail .	I
The country was represented by 22 athletes , and 9 assistants for athletes with visual impairments .	O
Is currently due to stand trial in 2019 and following the film 's release , Seed was arrested .	I
In the process , Reuss lost many members of his family , and the reputation he had built up as an artist in Vienna .	O
It was dedicated to Morton Feldman and was published by Edition Peters .	O
She was married to William Steill but no indication is given of her age .	I
Won the trophy for the first time and dinamo Brest won the match 2 – 1 .	I
Her work as a bombe operator began in early 1944 and continued until the end of the war in 1945 .	O
Before her 20th birthday she was a mother and by the time she was 16 she was married .	I
" The Skinny " , who each attributed it a perfect score , and it received critical acclaim from a few publications including " NME " .	I
Recorded 5 assists in 26 appearances and in 2015 , she scored 6 goals .	I
In 2016 , she scored 7 goals and provided 1 assist in 23 appearances .	O
It was also a finalist for the Innovation By Design Awards 2016 and nominated for the Design Museum Beazley Designs of the Year 2016 .	O
She was built at Pembroke Dock and launched on 27 October 1898 .	O
She was a stokers ' training ship in 1914 and was renamed " Fisgard " in June 1915 .	O
She survived the First World War and was sold in July 1932 .	O
They arrive at Prune 's home and Santa offers him the gift .	O
Typically patients requesting the procedure had children and in these situations tubes tend to be healthy .	I
They were level after a Frank Cummins goal and went on to win by eight points .	O
Was a regular until his retirement in 1974 and he made his debut with the province in 1971 .	I
Went on to win by eight points and they were level after a Frank Cummins goal .	I
The TE-1A was designated for export , and the TE-1B was for the USAF .	O
Its elevation is 135 m above sea level and the municipal area measures 1.11 km ² .	O
Agrees to have lunch with him , but she has no memory of him .	I
Served as a depot ship in Halifax and " Niobe " was paid off in September .	I
This initially limited " Niobe " to training duties in Halifax and prevented her from making a tour of the Caribbean Sea .	O
She had a permanently reduced maximum speed as a result , and the repairs took six months , completing in January 1912 .	I
The eggs hatch into microscopic larvae , and later on develop into young crabs .	O
Retired in 2001 after being TKO by Daniel Seda and he rebounded with a win over former champion Hector Acero Sanchez 'd .	I
No record of her subsequent career has been found , but she then resumed the name MV " Illinois " .	I
He was Archbishop of Lisbon 1464-1500 and 108th Archbishop of Braga 1486-1501 .	O
High school football for Macomber and he played college football at Toledo .	I
It is northeast of Melton Mowbray , and southeast of Waltham on the Wolds .	O
" American Ghosts and Old World Wonders	O
60,000 more in reserve , and iran used 100,000 troops .	I
Iran 's weakness would remain lack of heavy equipment , and they would suffer during Iraqi counterattacks with heavy weapons .	O
Had three children and henning Voscherau was married .	I
Hatch is at first skeptical of Neidelman 's claim , but at length allows him to dig on the island .	O
By 1917 it has 1,220 members and over $ 500,000 in sales .	O
You 're poor enough to want it and smart enough to get it . "	O
The goal was to reduce the risks of business failure , and to invigorate the momentum in each community with fresh ideas .	O
Ortwin Runde is married and has two children .	O
Airs a talk radio format and it is owned by Cumulus Media .	I
Killed 60 Mexicans , losing only one of their own and the men took advantage of their good position on the bank .	I
Was written in English and the work has three acts .	I
Their leader Jonathan Maccabaeus and alexander then befriends the Jews .	I
Was freed by Soviet troops on 10 March 1945 and fritz ( later Fred ) Kahn survived several concentration camps .	I
In 1924 both lights in this range were torn down and replaced with skeleton towers , which remain in use .	O
All the fairies want to be Prime Minister , but , following precedent , Selene is so appointed .	O
Are open Tuesday seasonally and they have a weekly classic car night – Sunday .	I
Is beginning to feel the first serious pangs of love , and she has a crush on someone much older than herself .	I
Until this time , tourists entered and left the cavern by boat .	O
She was reassigned to a training role on 23 September and was renamed " Impregnable I " in November 1919 .	O
The ship was paid off on 27 March 1929 and was sold in August 1929 for breaking up .	O
All students are taught the Christian spirituality of service and participate in service-learning projects in the outside community .	O
Offer less protection to firefighters when flames get out of control , and the smaller booster lines are less effective against very large fires .	I
It offered programs in music , dance , musical theater and recording arts to post-secondary students on a pre-professional level .	O
It is meant to represent a student with a book , but the sculpture is often misunderstood as looking like an elephant .	O
They met in San Diego , CA and were married in Yuma , AZ .	O
Is semi-wooded , shaded by 32 trees and the property contains five types of rare plants .	I
He received his high school education by correspondence , and he was educated in Logan County rural schools .	I
1980s was the development of women 's soccer and adding further variety to Saskatchewan soccer during the 1970s .	I
Fallen palm bracts provide an even more unstable habitat , and no pseudostigmatid naiads have ever been found in them .	O
Weighs 90 kg and stapleton is 190 cm .	I
He is based in Ramsey , Isle of Man , but spends his time during the racing season in Tuscany .	O
The cabin had two side-by-side seats in front with dual controls , and two seats in the rear , under a common multi-part canopy .	O
Reelected in 2008 , but he stays minister .	O
It was at The Northolme where Mallon would finally find his feet and has been an integral part of the club setup since joining .	O
Not always as good as the job they lost , but many of these people were able to find jobs .	I
In 1956 assumed command of the 11th Airborne Division , and he took command of the Berlin Command in 1955 .	I
Carson stood down from her council seat in 2001 and from her Assembly seat at the 2003 election .	O
A Hacksaw , released in 2005 on The Leaf Label and darkness at Noon is the second studio album by A Hawk .	I
Numerous languages spoken by some immigrant populations , and there are various regional dialects of English .	I
Results in some disagreement among linguists and that is not the case in English .	I
The dehortative discourages or urges against .	O
Strongly urges or the inhortative avidly discourages against .	I
Paramount ran the ad nationally , and Leibovitz sued for copyright infringement .	O
" Grimes " remained at Norfolk and decommissioned there 26 February 1947 .	O
Stoltenberg attended public grade school in Chicago , and High School in Grand Rapids , Michigan .	O
In addition , " Npas2 " knockout mice show sleep disturbances and have decreased expression of " mPer2 " in their forebrains .	O
Forced them to retreat in disarray and he inflicted heavy casualties on the partisans .	I
Resistance forces were increasingly unable to find food , and in 1863 , a famine had broken out .	I
Offers additional competitive options in developing an overall marketing strategy , but customerization is not a strategy that replaces traditional mass marketing .	I
Is part of the Transient Receptor Potential ion channel super family and the protein encoded by this gene is a non-selective calcium-permeable cation channel .	I
Menthol activated TRPM8 ion channel and the closest relative is the cold .	I
Hence provides cardioprotection from ischemia and per2 in turn enhances oxygen-efficient glycolysis .	I
12 " S " -HpETE ; see 12-Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid ) and the hepoxilins ( Hx ) , HxA3 ( i.e .	O
In 1980 , the land was bought and turned into a freshwater diving facility .	O
21 practices are cited for excellence , and attorneys received 70 citations for excellence .	I
His former house in Lynchburg ( 1314 Clay Street ) survives and is a contributing property to the Diamond Hill Historic District .	O
Li decided to make the story into a movie and her documentary film style was known for making people uncomfortable .	I
Li the stormed out and began to cry .	O
His argument is well-formed and easy to follow .	O
They are not God himself , but metaphors reveal God to us .	I
He held a professorship at the University of São Paulo and was Professor Emeritus at the State University of Campinas .	O
Bill Boyer Jr. is a 50 % owner and former CEO of Hawaii 's Mokulele Airlines .	O
During his presidency he was isolated internationally and put on the US Nazi watchlist .	O
It is the headquarters of the Canning subdivision and also the seat for the Sub-Divisional Court .	O
The Civic Center also houses the office of the mayor and is the site of the twice-monthly city council meetings .	O
Lichen communities are of importance and include the rare lungwort .	O
California has two native grape varieties , but they make very poor quality wine .	O
His collection " The Contrasts " appeared in 1990 and " Only About Love " three years later .	O
An MFA in ceramics in 1996 from the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth and she received a BFA in ceramics in 1991 from the University of Miami .	I
Is divided into two types and the push approach is more versatile .	I
Continued in the role until May 2009 and urquhart returned to the role in October 2008 .	I
Gabrielle brutally rejected Luke and he considered resigning .	O
The first was a 3-3 tie and the second a 4-0 loss .	O
Shenzhen 's Longgang District to the south and it borders Huizhou Huiyang District to the east .	I
Spacing between characters changed numerous times and a security hologram was added .	O
New Zealand Film and TV Awards 2003	O
For a number of years he was editor of the Sheffield Independent , and apart from these ventures , he had turned his attention to journalism .	I
Sold for a final bid of £ 909.88 and in November 2012 a copy was auctioned on Ebay .	I
Returned to the Tornado for the 1981 season , but he sat out the 1980 season with injuries .	I
In 1919 he marries " Mária Puhalag " , and adopts her daughter , " Gabriella Surányi " .	O
Kabos accepts the manager position of a small Hungarian troupe , but in letters he complained that his colleagues are without talent .	O
The prevalent prey items available locally , and diets vary with age , location .	I
The ending theme is called " Dancing in the Velvet " and for the first season , the opening theme is " Cosmic Love Moon " .	I
For his skill in educating boys , and he was celebrated for his eloquence .	I
Was signed by Sunderland for £ 130,000 and hinnigan soon attracted the attention of bigger clubs .	I
Da Silva was married and had five children .	O
They were formed in 1981 and are still active today .	O
Was critically acclaimed worldwide and it released in August 2003 .	I
Dired was the first file manager , or visual editor of file system information .	O
The film was well received by film critics and at the film festival it was screened .	O
Illustrated by Moyoco Anno and the eight-volume manga was written .	I
Thus sealed promotion to The Championship and leeds won the game 2 – 1 .	I
He placed second at Skate Canada and fourth at the NHK Trophy .	O
Ms. Penelope Arndt is the Dean of Girls , and mr. Steve Hendrickson is the Dean of Boys .	I
That the experimental alteration of genetic structures may be out of control and ho expressed concerns about the spread of altered genes through horizontal gene transfer .	I
He revealed that he had done " some rough vocals " takes and noted that recording was " moving along pretty quickly now " .	O
However , Ketagalan Boulevard has been given other levels of political meaning and has even become the protesting holy land of opposing political parties .	O
Is broadcast on MediaCorp Channel U and the show began on 2 January 2006 .	I
Left the show before season 3 and jimmy Ye stayed for just one season .	I
This violence decreased international support for the occupation and led to a rise of Turkish nationalism .	O
Gave her the name Thelma Leeds and the studio signed her to a contract .	I
Lençóis Maranhenses National Park receives as many as 60,000 visitors a year , and is a popular destination for ecotourism , given its unique physical features .	O
It was also influenced by the communitarianism of the 1960s counterculture , but he said it was theologically conservative with a hierarchical leadership structure .	I
We 'll come back and get it tomorrow .	O
Side effects of lormetazepam are similar to those of other hypnotic benzodiazepines and can for the most part be regarded as a class effect .	O
In total there have been 78 episodes and a television movie across 4 seasons .	O
They have different problems than women have but they don 't have it better .	O
Only entered widespread use in Europe by the seventeenth century , and even then , it was known only to very few .	I
Recently plant breeders have developed and released two varieties viz .	O
Generated five singles on the Canadian Hot 100 and the album has since sold over 100,000 digital singles .	I
Dedicated himself mainly to zoological hobbies and he retired in 1946 to Ballylickey Manor .	I
About 33 % in Mozambique and 32 % in Ghana .	O
Kemback lies a quarter-mile ( 0.4 km ) to the northwest and Pitscottie a half-mile ( 0.8 km ) to the southwest .	O
The fittings are generally new and floors are concrete with tile finish .	I
The element is manually operated and is still in use .	O
Over 100 residences were built in his term and that at Lawson is one of them .	O
Later mayor of Philadelphia and norris was an early merchant .	I
Continued to be used as a store but it was taken out of service in 1957 .	I
Each death is a rebirth , but death is with us always .	I
Plans to build a two-storied station at Blackheath were abandoned and this grander building was erected instead at Mount Victoria .	O
" uncompromising with detainees " and he was known to be ruthless .	I
The pedestrian footbridge linking both platforms was of truss form and built in 1911 , replacing an earlier c.1896 bridge .	O
It returns around the south side of the building and extends north to link with the lavatory building .	O
The cottage was located a short distance to the south of the station and continued to be occupied by successive station masters until the twentieth century .	O
The general election with 68.6 % of the vote and rokita won the primary with 42 % of the vote .	I
Has not been considered in the Senate , but it cleared the House as of 2018 .	I
Is always dressed in a white suit and he is an older gentleman with white hair .	I
Develop a different custom plan if judge approve the changes or parents normally can make variations to the state standard parenting plan .	I
This former platform is evidence of the first Lithgow Station and is a levelled railway platform over the rock cutting .	O
Wants a better life and his wife is generally disgruntled .	I
Is clear-white with a tan periostracum , and it has 4.5 to 6.25 whorls .	I
He was a part of their squad in the 2006 CIS Cup and in 2006 , he was sent on loan to FC Aktobe on Kazakhstan .	I
Blind Canyon elevation 10,743 feet ( 3274m ) and an unnamed peak west at the head of both Crandall Canyon is at .	I
Subsequent research proved the seismic readings were due to the collapse , but initial reports questioned whether the collapse was triggered by an earthquake .	I
The posterior end of the shell is more of a square shape and the anterior end of the " Quadrula fragosa " shell is slightly rounded .	I
Carignan began studying with Allard in 1926 , and eventually learnt most of Allard 's repertoire .	O
These quests usually had several segments and took some time to complete .	O
The youngest , Christie , played for the SDSU Aztecs , and the oldest , Katie , played for the UCSB Gauchos .	I
Slightly more than 80 % of Romani children complete primary education , but only one-third continue studies into the intermediate ( secondary ) level .	O
The southern exposure has two windows on each floor , and the north side has one window on each floor .	O
The school has a uniform dress code , and students may not leave during school hours .	I
Since 2017 Danemann Pianos are manufactured in China , and are not comparable with the quality British-made instruments .	O
He was a soldier during World War I , and witnessed the death of his younger brother Roderick .	O
Vanessa loves her for her kindness and admires her for her glamour .	O
It is known only from Utah Lake and this species is endemic to the United States .	I
The creek has a healthy population of trout and is managed to imitate a natural stream .	O
Its mating season is from May through July , and " Novisuccinea chittenangoensis " is a hermaphroditic species .	I
Acted out for his children and his father was interested in theatre .	I
Other laws required slaves , if not converted , to be circumcised and undergo ritual immersion in a bath ( " mikveh " ) .	O
When they are contracted they appear black , and the tentacles are white with black dots .	I
Probably far southern Victoria and it occurs in north-western Tasmania .	I
Carter himself breaks the urn open and is surprised when nothing happens .	O
Have recently retired the RQ-2 Pioneer and these squadrons also fly the Boeing ScanEagle .	I
Not to Max Ammermann who in the final and however the IOC medal database credits the bronze medal to him , participated .	I
By the 1950s most families were being resettled elsewhere , but in the winter men were employed with woods work .	I
Graduated with a BA degree in 1712 and he was educated at Oriel College , Oxford .	I
Corporate logos in different languages for to Times Square , and images communicate product names , information related to seasonal promotions visitors .	I
11,681 were produced until 1942 at its factory in Rybinsk and after passing its trials it was cleared for production in 1938 .	I
Its entire range is about 4 square kilometers and it is considered a critically endangered species .	O
The engine is OpenGL-based and java 1.5 + is required .	I
Spire short , and flat sided .	O
Sometimes become irregularly lobed and initially convex , caps expand .	I
Each individual may lay eggs , and a mating pair will cross-fertilize .	I
Can reach maturity within their first summer , and once hatched , young snails grow rapidly .	I
To keep people out of the habitat of the snails , but ( The fence is not to keep snails inside the area . )	I
In 1827 Arwidsson undertook a research trip to Finland , but was immediately deported back to Sweden by the authorities .	O
Died on 21 June in Viipuri , and during this journey Arwidsson caught pneumonia .	I
Was released in June 2012 by LUG Cinéma and a French version was narrated by actress Mélanie Laurent .	I
One damaged by the IAF 's Folland Gnats and two of the four PAF Sabres were shot down .	I
On detection of intrusion , PAF jets on air defence alert were scrambled and the PAF immediately took adequate operational measures as per standard operating procedure .	O
The first Rugby League World Cup to be held in Great Britain and the 1960 Rugby League World Cup was the third staging of the tournament .	I
Nova Scotia 's population estimates are between 1,393 and 2,248 , with a minimum of 870 .	O
New Zealand had beaten all three of the other nations in 1971 and France were expected to be tough opponents on their home soil .	O
" mic-blimp " , is used to enclose the microphone " or frequently , a wind-attenuating cover , called a " blimp .	I
The score remained at 13 and cronin missed the difficult kick from the sideline – 7 .	I
One of the defining characteristic features of Francesco 's style is the manipulation and development of short melodic motifs within a " narrative " formal outline .	O
Works by Josquin des Prez and composers of his generation .	O
The Kangaroos were leading 2 – 6 and johns then converted the try from the touch-line .	I
Most of the time , porpoises are either alone or in groups of no more than five animals .	O
Johnson was too cautious to approve of a general assault , but he did agree to keep the infantry moving slowly forward .	O
Returning to St. Louis , he set up a church and resumed work as editor of the " Observer " .	O
Studio recordings of a collection of the songs about animals , and parlophone records made live recordings of both the Hat shows .	I
It was launched formally by the government on 8 October 1971 and its official date of formation has been established as 28 September 1971 .	I
Heuliez cut off the complete rear of the car and welded in a transverse firewall between the B-posts .	O
A committee was established with the purpose of erecting a new statue , and after a long search , the original statue could not be found .	I
Told us how cruelly he had been treated in prison ] and he made a speech at the Bowman House [ hotel .	I
Excitedly told its mounted officers of the capture and the messenger met a British detachment on the road .	I
The jet took off and turned toward India .	O
Russia agreed on a contract with Egypt for 50 MiG-35 fighters and is expected to be worth up to $ 2 billion .	O
Will improve combat capabilities of the basic F-16 and the AIM-120 AMRAAM has been procured by the RJAF .	I
For example , recently delivered MiG-17PFs and their pilots formed the No .	O
The Chicago production was a hit and ran for over a year .	O
Broadway was not his first priority , but frazee eagerly capitalized on this success .	I
Ran for 861 performances and the 1971 production was well-reviewed .	I
A bribe to the Italian Communist Party was alleged , but it was not established who had committed the offence .	O
As of 2007 many Asian businesses operate in the area , and so Asian American banks have opened to cater to them .	O
Bilingual students zoned to Mahanay attend Hearne , and bilingual students zoned to Chancellor attend Youens .	I
She wrote the author of the Phi Mu Creed and at Brenau , she was a member of Phi Mu .	I
He is a big fan of the rock band Genesis and introduced the band at their press conference in 2006 .	O
At its peak was the 3rd largest cannery in the United States , and in 1906 , Sai Yin Chew opened the Bayside Canning Company there .	I
Was said to have been the largest in San Francisco 's Chinatown and when Thomas Foon Chew died in 1931 , his funeral attracted 25,000 people .	I
Both men requested the rights , but Offenbach granted them to Carvalho .	O
The median income for a family was $ 35,205 , and the median income for a household was $ 35,319 .	I
Others to come and one railroad was already here wanting .	I
Wilkeson was officially incorporated on July 24 , 1909 and boasts an elementary school building dating from 1909 .	O
Was then known by its post office name , Swinomish and la Conner was first settled in May 1867 by Alonzo Low .	I
Some uses a Brier postal address , and some uses a Bothell postal address .	I
Early residents of the city were employed by the shingle mills and logging companies that operated in the area until the 1950s .	O
The transportation plan was put on hold after costs increased and the state ferry system diverted funding to other projects .	O
The city government established the Edmonds Art Commission in 1975 and developed its public arts program in the following decades .	O
The average household size was 2.09 , and the average family size was 2.67 .	O
The first American settlers arrived in the 1880s , and logging on Brown 's Bay began in 1860 .	I
The average family size was 3.29 , and the average household size was 2.95 .	I
Was incorporated as a city in 1954 to provide municipal services and within five years , the community had grown to over 5,000 people .	I
The CDP was known as North Stanwood prior to the 2010 census , and it included area that is now part of the city of Stanwood .	O
Allowed the city to assume the more peaceful character it has today and this greatly eased the gridlock which had been a part of everyday life .	I
A second high school began construction in 2018 and is scheduled to open in late 2020 .	O
More than 200 species of birds have been identified , and the area is famed for the visiting trumpeter swans .	O
The Riverside neighborhood consists primarily of downtown Spokane and is the central business district of Spokane .	O
Have a regional rivalry with the Tri-City Americans and they play their home games in the Spokane Arena .	I
Is a non-charter code city and yelm has an elected mayor-council government .	I
There was significant damage in the area , and aftershocks were felt for several months following .	O
The one to the south is Point Whitehorn , and the headland to the north is Birch Point .	I
It is the third largest city in Whatcom County and borders the Lummi Nation on its southern border .	O
Deliver their dynamite , along with baguettes , to the mountaineer " and they then had to traverse down a mountain " via ferrata .	I
The larvae are flattened and have long hairs .	O
1926 brought heightened conflict between China 's regional warlords , and an influx of battle-wounded patients to the Hsiang-ya Hospital .	O
Operated out of them for the remainder of their existence , and the council constructed purpose-built chambers at Stirling North in 1894 .	I
He graduated from the Department of Archaeology of the University of Leningrad , and started work at the Institute of History of Material Culture in 1976 .	O
You Hee-yeol returned as judges , and yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young .	I
Tucker Company ( or simply F.C .	O
On 9 April 1867 he married Elizabeth Wastell , and they soon both departed to Samoa as missionaries .	O
During this period he also studied law , and was called to the bar in 1887 .	O
Kizha Ambur railway station belongs to the Madurai railway division and is also officially known by its code : KIB .	O
Its units began to demobilise on 12 December , and the process was complete by 10 June 1919 .	O
219th ( London ) Field Park Company did not go to France , but remained in the London area , assigned to IV Corps after Dunkirk .	O
The following players scored four goals or more in the qualifying competition :	O
The preferred markets for the export of Afghan almonds are India and Pakistan , with the former preferred because of better profitability .	O
Has its headquarters in Graz and the StFV was founded in 1911 .	I
She secretly practices singing when she is alone , and asks pansori teacher Shin Jae-hyo to teach her .	O
Heungseon Daewongun is enchanted by her performance and decides to keep her at court .	O
More in the qualifying competition or the following players scored four goals :	I
Are more specifically constituted by ionic substructures , but ionosilicas belong to the mesoporous organosilicas materials .	I
Accessed to simplify the problem and the altered input is usually stored .	I
Some are outbound and some objects are inbound .	I
Vishnu came with Lakshmi incognito in his path and he tried to rob them as well .	O
Then a 6-0 defeat away to Clydesdale in the second round and an 8-0 win at home to Ayr Eglinton in the first round .	I
Then he 'd come off and ask me for observations .	O
Formal gardens were also laid out at this time , and in the 1970s a children 's playground was constructed .	O
He also copied works by the Old Masters and created some original works inspired by theirs .	O
Authorized creation of this office and the E-Government Act of 2002 defined .	I
Is hauled on until taut and the pulling begins on one end .	I
Is the follow-up to Platinum-certified album " Inferno " and it was released on 13 November 2015 by Razzia Records .	I
Player talks to NPCs , takes objects and uses the on the right place .	O
He failed to win in five starts as a juvenile and was gelded before the start of his second season .	O
Is not open to the public and today the palace is a private residence .	I
Was chairman of the town board and dettinger served on the Northfield Town Board .	I
Recommended that Taj Noor should be selected for Pandiraj 's second venture and the film 's director , Shanmugaraj , was a good friend of Pandiraj .	I
Received the organization 's Jessie Stevenson Kovalenko Medal in 1985 and he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1976 .	I
Married Catherine Dobb of Rotherham and about 1812 Pool moved to Lincoln .	I
Will only control the rail routes controlled by Network Rail , and the ROCs are built under private contracts for Network Rail .	I
His house arrest ended in 1940 , and Syria gained its independence in 1946 .	O
He played friendly matches with the first team in the middle of 2015 and was an unused substitute in several 2015 – 16 Serie A matches .	O
More than 500 exhibitions have been mounted there , and the gallery continues to operate at that location .	I
The cave was rediscovered in 1960 and two waves of excavations ensued .	O
Died the following year and de Lissa retired in 1912 .	I
Was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 2018 MTV VMAS , and its music video was released on June 20 , 2018 .	I
Dominic Thiem was the defending champion , but chose to compete in Kitzbühel instead .	O
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold :	O
Chose to compete in Kitzbühel instead , but dominic Thiem was the defending champion .	I
Received multiple awards for valor , and he served in three wars .	I
A M.A and from Columbia College .	I
Anicka Newell is a two-time Sun Belt Conference Outdoor track and field champion in pole valt for Texas State Bobcats .	O
" probably one of the best rap albums in recent years " and jeune Afrique called " Mboko God " an " essential album .	I
He began advertising his outsize figure-making capability , and began selling his giant figures in 1964 .	O
7 ranked prospect in September 2016 and then moved up to No .	O
Retain their place in the Premier Division and " Drogheda United win 3 – 2 on aggregate . "	I
Fresh produce importer known for co-presenting " Eat for Less and christopher " Chris " Bavin ( born 1980 ) is a television presenter , Well ?	I
In 1997 , she became editor of " Télématin " and has since then presented the political interview show " .	O
De Poincy constructed the Château de la Montagne on this estate , and the area was located on high ground overlooking the capital Basseterre .	I
The fourth , dedicated to the archangels Gabriel and Michael , stood in the Upper Town .	O
At the top of the wall , the Last Judgment is painted , and the rest of the icons depict the prophets from the Old Testament .	I
Werner Marti was a member of the municipal council of Sool and the of the Canton of Glarus from 1986 until 1990 .	O
The British Royal Navy captured her on 6 April 1800 and took her into service as HMS " Florentina " .	O
Marked the dissolution of parliament following the 1964 General Election and the 1964 Dissolution Honours were officially announced on 27 November 1964 .	I
Decided on building 88 of them , set in 300 acres , but the firm was given the planning permission to build 400 villas .	I
Was enrolled in school before the age required and he is known to be an advocate for education .	I
The people of Ghana for the mishap and he made a public apology to the president .	I
Faced criticism for his actions and he later returned to secular music .	I
Blew out all the windows of the wheel-house and the explosion shook the ship from stem to stern .	I
Landed the survivors , who were all suffering from Hypothermia and after the search the " Au Breitia " sailed to Cork .	I
At that moment , Usaca appeared and resisted against the Spanish conqueror .	O
Part of the treasure was given to Juan de las Casas and masses were organised to honour the many dead soldiers during the campaign .	I
Gained a place on the United States Olympic team and he beat Olympic silver medalist Michael Tinsley in the process .	I
Enacted regulations for the cathedral chapter and pedro reformed the administration of the archdiocese .	I
Full of water and both dories were damaged .	I
Underwent several of treatment , including four and torigoe was diagnosed with stage IV colorectal cancer in 2005 years operations .	I
Encorporates some of the stylistic traits of fiction and the book is written as a first person narrative .	I
C17β-acetate ester of norethisterone and it is the C3 oxime .	I
His brother bobsledder Martin Bohman and his father is sprinter Luděk Bohman .	I
He also served as examiner in the 2004 Bar Examiniations and as lecturer in the Philippine Judicial Academy in 2007 .	O
Her father is Michael Kimemeta , and her mother is Lucrecia Kalugira .	O
She sang her first solo when she was in third grade and completed her first studio recording at the age of 12 .	O
Some parts have been re-recorded , and all songs have been re-mixed .	I
He was an officer of the Legion of Honour and a knight of the Order of Saint Louis .	O
In this period he met many German personalities and became an expert on the German Empire .	O
Told people " the meaning of this beard is religious and in the days before the attack , Lahouaiej-Bouhlel let his beard grow . "	I
The route through with the cancer cells metastasize and it largely depends on the stage of the cancer .	I
The sepals are creamish-white , about long and have a fringe of long hairs .	O
This school has its own separate building and is unique by having no stairs .	O
He returned to Witton Albion on loan in mid-November , but played just two games before being sidelined with injury .	O
He was the 6th Italian governor of Addis Ababa and 3rd Italian governor of Scioa ( 1940-1941 ) .	O
The British Royal Navy captured her on 6 April 1800 and took her into service as HMS " Carmen " .	O
Degree from the University of Washington in 1915 and an M.S from that institution in 1917 .	O
Takaoka 's reputation as a letterpress printer was well established by then , and he was chosen to print certificates for the 1964 Tokyo Olympic medalists .	O
Entered into plywood manufacturing business and the company further diversified in 1997 .	I
He transferred to the new seat of Narrogin , and his seat was abolished at the 1950 election .	I
" Derry City win 2 – 1 on aggregate and retain their place in the Premier Division . "	O
Factors of safety and 57 Maximum stresses	I
Menen Liben Amede 's first husband was Alula of Yejju , and he was the father of her son Ras Ali II .	O
Users must install the Media Feature Pack for Windows , and on Windows Server users must install Media Foundation features .	O
It is not yet clear if any exist , and so far , no vulcanoids have been discovered .	I
Several scholars have pointed out the long Viking expeditions and the considerable amassment of wealth in the district .	O
Other Vikings , such as Guðvér did not only attack England , but also Saxony , as reported by the Grinda Runestone in Södermanland :	O
These maps are often out of date and obtained with special permission in Rabat .	O
The Western Interior Seaway divided across the Dakotas and retreated south towards the Gulf of Mexico .	O
He obtained his bachelor 's degree from Columbia College in 1899 and graduated from New York Law School in 1902 with honors .	O
Goldendoodles may also be black or a light sandy brown .	O
Wilson " dissociated the United States from the Allies ' earlier secret commitments and sought to abolish them forever once the war had been won . "	O
Christensen recorded on the album and toured with the band .	O
Sulfites are counted among the top nine food allergens , but a reaction to sulfite is not a true allergy .	O
In 1971 , the NDP 's popularity surpassed the 10 % mark and went on to climb to 19 % in the 1982 election .	O
In 1988 he retired as party leader and was succeeded by Proinsias De Rossa .	O
She is a niece of the former TD Vivion de Valera and is a first cousin of Teachta Dála Éamon Ó Cuív .	O
Combined it with Merck Millipore and in 2015 , Merck acquired SigmaAldrich .	I
Later the ship was mainly used on the Murmansk-Dudinka route , but also made several trips to Vietnam in the early 1990s .	O
Older herbal Latin texts were translated and also expanded in the monasteries .	O
The church taught that God sometimes sent illness as a punishment , and that in these cases , repentance could lead to a recovery .	O
The struggles of the small businessman and " I know all about working people .	I
It was declared a separate administrative city and in 1926 , Haikou overtook Qiongshan in population .	I
Most of the city is almost completely flat and only a few metres above sea level .	O
Ignoring all terms except for the formula _ 12 term and utilizing the prosthaphaeresis ( product to sum ) identity ,	O
Then hired by local municipal associations through an umpire in chief , and in Canada , most umpires are certified through a provincial organization .	I
It was recorded after the departure of guitarist Greg Brown and features a rotating lineup of musicians to replace him .	O
Nine years later began performing on the opera stage and in 1947 she launched her career as a concert soprano .	I
Recent authorities do not recognize it as valid , and this observation has been questioned by fish experts .	I
He is credited with being the first rider with a sprint train , and at the peak of his career , Cipollini 's speed was unrivaled .	I
The Governments represented at the first International Conference , and the names of the officers who attended were :	O
Instead proposed that the honour be given to his wife , and joseph Strutt had earlier declined the offer of a peerage .	I
, according to Attell , " totally bombed " and he worked his first gig at Governor 's in Levittown .	I
Led the party into the 1993 general election and in 1992 , Harris succeed Newhook as party leader .	I
Forced its guards to open the gates and the troops surrounded the Prime Minister 's residence .	I
Saitō praised the young officers ' spirit and urged Kawashima to accept their demands .	O
The officers were , however , encouraged by the act and convinced that they were on the verge of success .	O
Ijn Marines had been dispatched to defend naval installations in the city and by the afternoon of the 27th 40 warships were stationed in Tokyo Bay .	I
Retention models make several simplifying assumptions and often involve the following inputs :	O
Finished the year at No and 1 , Kuerten defied all odds .	I
Marshall soon became more interested in the electric guitar , and had lessons to assist him in playing the instrument .	O
After graduation from Allen , she moved back to Boykin and married David Mingo in 1949 , at age 17 .	O
Many were active in the civil rights movement and the women of the FQB were very aware of .	I
Their 20th season in the Atlantic Coast Conference and it was the program 's 23rd season of existence .	I
One point per assist , and two points per goal .	I
The assault was reenacted two days later and two suspects were arrested on 25 January 2008 .	I
Retired from politics in 1965 and she lost her seat in 1963 .	I
Now appears as part of a YouTube comedy project Enchufe , and guarderas also played in the TV sitcom " Dejémonos de vainas " , TV .	I
He has won eight senior international medals ( six gold ) and bronze at the 2018 ISU Junior Grand Prix in Slovakia .	O
The tombs are located on a hillside north of the Ota River , and were discovered by chance during the construction of modern housing in 1973 .	O
Those whose businesses were affected by the fire banded together and redeveloped the affected properties with a unified commercial block .	O
The Wolverines were members of the East Division of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor , Michigan .	O
She was also deputy chairperson of the Rural Party from 1985 to 1990 and served as the chairperson of its parliamentary members from 1994 to 1995 .	O
Rejoining Parliament she was re-elected in 2015 with 6,124 votes and in 2011 , she ran again , this time receiving 9,034 votes ; .	I
He goes to the mirror and switches the tap on .	O
The clone blows him a kiss and Healy leaves the concert hall .	O
Finished in Avignon and the race started in .	I
Swiftly returned to the Soviet Union after the funeral and however , she no longer found an interest in America .	I
It was opened to service on 10 February 2013 , and it was built by the Metropolitan Municipality of Kahramanmaraş .	I
He was born in Banbridge and educated at Campbell College .	O
Completed in August 2017 and the new school was built .	I
Is glabrous inside apart from a ring of hairs around the ovary and the outside of the petal tube is covered with short , soft hairs .	I
Resistance of " Mycobacterium tuberculosis " to isoniazid , rifampin , and other common treatments has become an increasingly relevant clinical challenge .	O
The group decided to put on their thinking again and moved to a new label “ Smallroom ” .	O
Survived by his mother making corsets and the family was thrown on hard times .	I
He also served as postmaster at Burrard Inlet ( Vancouver ) from 1882 and as a just of the peace for New Westminster district in 1884 .	O
Died a few months later in June and he retired in 1904 due to ill health .	I
Now the line is double track until Kyneton , and is single-track with passing loops until Kangaroo Flat .	O
Some 600 Jews were murdered in the cemetery , and the surviving Jews were placed in a Ghetto .	O
She was originally from Punta Gorda , but later moved to Orange Walk Town .	O
Again won by unanimous decision and she then fought Vanessa Porto at .	I
Then became an assistant professor of geology there in January 1922 and she trained as a teacher at the University of Moscow from 1920 .	I
Like Fernández , he had been educated abroad , and federico 's family were friends of her parents .	I
Decreased their vote share to 12 % and the Communist / Green coalition lost 8 cities .	I
The league began on 16 February 2018 and will conclude in 26 October 2018 .	O
He worked at a glass factory while he underwent his wrestling training and four years later he was working full-time as a professional wrestler .	O
In 1908 , a wolf was shot in Ticino , and a further two were killed in 1914 in Lignerolle .	O
The government licensed a fluorine-acetate-barium compound and distributed it through hunting associations .	O
Today has rush hour services two stops from central London and the station opened as " Walton for Hersham " in 1838 .	I
Hachem was short-stacked for much of the final table , and was constantly being re-raised by professional player Aaron Kanter .	O
Was born on 19 October 1851 in Brighton and magnus Volk was the son of a German clockmaker .	I
They raced the track in a Clockwise direction and the cars had to be a pre-1968 production car .	I
Has about 1,200 students and the district is fairly small .	I
An Ordnance Survey triangulation column stands nearby and a number of large cairns have been built .	I
Made an appearance on the SnoCore Tour , and the band also toured Ozzfest in 2000 .	I
Attended graduate school in the same field at Seoul National University , and he studied public administration at the undergraduate level at Korea University .	I
Is the only variable in the process and in this example MyVariable is of type INTEGER .	I
It has 909 parishes spread all around Albania , and around 500,000 to 550,000 ( unconfirmed ) faithful .	O
Rik was initially proud of his quick reaction and posed for a photograph with his prize .	O
Like other nuclear receptors , the androgen receptor is modular in structure and is composed of the following functional domains labeled A through F :	O
Takes it as a sign from God on his deathbed and stumbling back to his room , Rocky finds a Gideon Bible .	I
Features a different arrangement of violin in the fade-out , and the monaural mix is faster than the stereo mix .	I
The Swedish pop group ABBA made an unofficial parody of this song , but it was not released until their medley " Undeleted " in 1994 .	O
One major subpopulation was destroyed entirely , and the isolated stands were nearly destroyed .	O
I 'm the bastard and john is the nice guy .	I
Another acoustic guitar part and harrison added a second vocal .	I
1,017 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 103 businesses in this sector .	O
Fell out on September 13 , 1998 , at number 31 and it was present for a total of 14 weeks on the chart .	I
In Sweden , it reached number 14 and spent 10 weeks on the chart .	O
Rode around New York capturing the scenes and they also mounted the camera on a bus .	I
Serves as executive producer for craigslist TV and buckmaster also manages the Craigslist Charitable Fund	I
Decided to take up arms and they formed a group in 1968 .	I
When he comes to , Carlotta is there , and tells him that he is a free man .	O
138 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 19 businesses in this sector .	O
Previously , the show had been presented from a studio , and had featured some coverage of the prior weekend 's games .	O
Human performance and in physical education .	I
Dreams are said to " brighten " during treatment , and in particular , it does not suppress REM sleep .	I
A Doctor of Philosophy in 1931 and from the University of Michigan in 1927 .	I
In 1927-1928 he taught at the University of Michigan and at the University of New Mexico in 1928-1929 .	O
People from the Christian resistance movement founded the Popular Republican Movement and the French Section of the Workers International ( SFIO ) was refounded .	I
The elder Ford was born in Ireland and settled in Dearborn Township in 1847 .	O
He attended all the sessions and served on five committees .	O
He also sang a song about it , and later showed a rap video he made .	O
The detail used is particular to the artist commissioned to produce the rotulo and is also dependent on the audience the company is intending to target .	O
Grew up in the Sacramento suburb of Carmichael , California , and sabraw was born in San Rafael , California in 1958 .	I
Concluded the session by taking all comments into advisement but sanders offered no answer to any of the public questions .	I
Senior national coach Fajr Ibrahim called him for the first time , and he debuted in a 27 December 2008 friendly against Saudi Arabia .	O
Musician from , Georgia and hannah M. Jones is an artist Athens .	I
Was member of the Reichstag from 1932 to 1933 , and in the following years he built an optical institute .	I
Regret " throughout the song and rihanna 's singing expresses " grief .	I
Became the first album to sell one million digital copies and as of July 2011 , the album broke the digital record .	I
He assumed senior status on May 5 , 2004 but stopped hearing cases on February 1 , 2007 .	O
His father was a wealthy merchant and worked for the Lodhi kings .	O
Acted as best man and jim Thorpe attended the ceremony .	I
There is no evidence to support this , but it is typical of Joachim 's behavior .	O
This incorporated a single-piece clearview sliding canopy , and from 1960 the CP.301C version was introduced .	I
Flew the ML 145 Rubis four-seat touring aircraft on 24 May 1961 and in the early 1960s , Scintex wished to broaden its line of aircraft .	I
Was a founding member of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and he was involved in a business scandal in the early 18th century .	I
Mackworth 's eldest son , Herbert Mackworth , also entered politics and held the Cardiff seat between the years 1739 – 1766 .	O
Served on the bench until his death , and he received his commission the same day .	I
Just a few days after announced her retirement from professional tennis , and the Belgian lost in the second round to qualifier Julia Vakulenko .	I
Was responsible for the construction of the New Croton Aqueduct , and he later worked as an engineer for New York City .	I
On the 23rd Judicial Circuit Court of Alabama from 1981 to 1995 , and he was a judge on the Madison County District Court in 1981 .	I
Smith died in 1842 in Dover , New Hampshire , and is buried at the Winter Street Cemetery in Exeter .	O
Uses a staged combustion cycle and the RD-253 is a single-chamber engine .	I
Well as an appellate judge as he served as a trial judge .	I
Graduated from Barre Academy in 1878 and he attended the public schools of Barre .	I
He was in private practice in Pittsburgh from 1928 to 1951 , and was an instructor at Duquesne Law School from 1930 to 1942 .	O
Was taken to a Nazi concentration camp during World War II , but neulinger attended the Staatsoberrealgymnasium in Děčín , Czechoslovakia as a child .	I
Graduated in 1960 and neulinger attended Hunter College .	I
" , " Corporal Teather C.V. " and " Constable Carrière " among them .	O
Then entered the Welsh League for season 2002 – 03 and cwmamman finally won the Premier Division in season 2001 – 02 .	I
Well as more integrated development as the approach focused on urban revitalization .	I
Which produced the notable defection of Arnold — but it was a strategy with mixed results .	I
He dreamed of becoming a justice on the United States Supreme Court but according to his father , the family encouraged Thapar to become a physician .	I
It was purchased by Arthur Morgan in the early 1940s and was briefly a part of the Antioch Bookplate Company .	O
Dvd ( ) / soca Gold 2007 [ CD ] 2007	I
Edited " Las Humoristas and in 2017 , Franc coordinated .	I
Offered to help Montenegro to build a long fence along the border and on 24 July 2018 , Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán met with Markovic .	I
Is numbered 585 – 588 in its catalogues and it was released by Méliès 's Star Film Company .	I
It failed to have an immediate impact , but this paradox was of great historical importance .	I
Blessed by Most Rev and rodrigues Memorial Hall was inaugurated .	I
Began shooting indiscriminately and the gunman then turned .	I
Of those injured , ten individuals were wounded by gunshot wounds and one person was injured attempting to flee from the location .	O
It is in the Great Lakes Basin , and has one named island , Horr Island .	O
It included 128,274 individual marble pieces and took 3,792 hours to construct .	O
Yalçın was born in Germany and is of Turkish descent .	O
Assigned to the Torpedo School and that month , she was recommissioned .	I
Was broken up at Cuxhaven in 1946 and the hulk was reported at Brunsbüttel in May .	I
The winner of the classification was considered the winner of the race , and this classification was considered the most important of the 2018 Deutschland Tour .	I
Issued his own sermon books and waldner also collected earlier Hutterite sermons .	I
" Earth , Wind & amp ; Fire Horns	O
Later served as Post Master General of Royal Danish Mail and he was district governor of Copenhagen County from 1724 to 1730 .	I
Was an immigrant from Finland and waino Kauppi was born in 1898 .	I
The song was produced by 16yrold and production duo Take a Daytrip .	O
Lioma has suffered from numerous military conflicts during its history , and was the site of a battle of World War I .	O
The span collapsed at some point during the 20th century , but it was formerly a natural arch connected to the mainland .	I
Justice in our dear country , Iran and " " In hope of the establishment of law . "	I
He died in 2011 and is buried at .	O
The Duke of York retired to his marcher estates , and the Earl of Salisbury to his in the north .	O
Burned 40 houses and they killed 16 people .	I
He was exposed in 1985 , and he was executed in 1987 .	O
" The Sky 's Enormous Jug - Love Poems Old & New " ( 2002 ) published by Puriri Press .	O
The precise inclusion criteria are disputed , and there is no broadly accepted definition .	O
His motifs were based on northern Norwegian fishing life , and continued with motives from rural life to the south .	O
The boat was transferred back to Norway upon her return and resumed her escort duties there before beginning a refit .	O
She went to France in January 1942 and rejoined the 2nd Torpedo Boat Flotilla .	O
Progression rules : First 2 in each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) advance to the Final	O
" T9 " was placed in reserve in August 1941 and was reactivated in June 1942 for duties in France .	O
Was assigned to the Baltic Sea area and in mid-1944 the boat returned to active duty .	I
" T12 " received a refit in Kiel in May – August and was then assigned to the Torpedo School from December through mid-1944 .	O
Moved to Argentina at age 14 and she was born in Montevideo , Uruguay .	I
It crossed Hickory Creek east of Anner Road , and ms 600 entered Hancock County east of Caesar .	I
Is described as muscular and cooper has a bodybuilding background .	I
Progression rules : First 2 in each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) advance to the Final	O
Wongthes was recognized with a Sriburapha Award in 1993 , and further awarded the title of National Artist in 2002 .	O
Marshall 's son , Sherwood Marshall Fries , was born in 1920 and went on to play in the National Football League in 1943 .	O
His father was Salvatore Palazzotto ( 1751-1825 ) and their family had been active in Catania .	O
Leadership for entrants who have already achieved some success in their careers and this is a program is a mid-career master 's degree in general management .	I
Will " state . " at wisconsin is an	I
The victims of the serial killer and the circumstances around their deaths :	O
Was blond with a stocky and the man was over 20 years of age , build .	I
Are wide to long and the leaves are purplish green .	I
Stayed at 3 with a win by fall ; Herland nyström stayed at 2 points with a bye .	I
The race will be the 74th edition of the Vuelta a España and will be the final Grand Tour of the 2019 cycling season .	O
Dedicated in 1931 and the window was installed .	I
Settled in Switzerland in 1948 and his family left India in 1945 .	I
He started 38th and finished 30th .	O
He started 37th and finished 31st .	O
Mother Rizia Khatun and his father Mohammad Israel .	I
The company has been criticized for its links with Canadian politics , and specifically for its commitment to the defense of federalism in Quebec .	O
Arab Muslims introduced Islam to Ghazni in the 7th century and were followed in the 9th century by the Saffarids .	O
It is a cross between the citron ( " Citrus medica " ) and a bitter orange ( " Citrus " × " aurantium " ) .	O
The route incorporated parts of existing lines at each end but was not built because of a lack of funding .	O
The team had one victory at the time of the signing and were hoping Carter 's strong arm could resurrect their season .	O
31.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 20.9 % had someone living alone at pensionable age .	O
Have lived in Clacton-on-Sea or the following were all born :	I
His son Aurthur Ingram Robinson lived at the Castle after 1878 , and inherited the Steward title too ( see Honour of Clitheroe ) .	O
The economy suffered throughout the 1960s as UK holiday patterns changed , and suffered further through the closure of the railway line in 1970 .	O
The fire spread to three neighbouring properties and showered debris over a wide area .	O
Is the most southerly station on the Underground network and the station is the southern terminus for the Northern line .	I
Must be kept apart due to their instinctual need to hunt but they are just as sentient as the other dinosaurs on the island .	I
Confirmed to be true or this was never elaborated on further though .	I
Science-fiction veteran David Winning directed two episodes of the series , and location shooting lasted for three months near Budapest , Hungary .	O
Is out of print and this release has been discontinued .	I
Rahner 's development of the idea preceded the council , and became more insistent after it received its conciliar formulation .	O
Named after Portuguese navigator Diogo Rodrigues but it was first discovered by the Arabs .	I
It was under Dutch control in 1601 and settled by the French in 1691 .	O
Is the flagship university of the University of Maine System and the university was established in 1865 as a land grant college .	I
Cyclones may arise from November to April , and Rodrigues is more often hit than Mauritius .	O
Succeeded in breaking through Zhuge Liang 's defences and sima Yi launched another attack on the Shu camps .	I
By 233 , Sima Yi 's agricultural plan came to fruition and became a source of food supplies for the three commanderies .	O
Sima Yi declined the appointment of Chancellor of State and refused to accept his enfeoffment as a duke .	O
The oil deposits are located within the boundaries of Treaty 8 , and several First Nations of the area are involved with the sands .	O
By 2020 production could be less than its prior predictions , but there would be minimal changes to 2008 – 2012 production .	I
Fort McMurray ceased to be an incorporated city in 1995 and is now an urban service area within Wood Buffalo .	O
Cromwell had been attainted and executed in 1540 .	O
Flow on under the name of the South Saskatchewan River , and running eastward these two rivers unite about 112 ° west .	I
Authorizes the physician to practice medicine anywhere in the national territory , and this registration is the same as a license in other countries .	I
In 1958 , the vessel was sold to the Argentine Navy and entered Argentine service in 1959 as ARA " Independencia " .	O
Both common dolphin species are medium-sized ; adults range between long , and can weigh between , although the range between is more common .	O
Become more distinguishable when they mature and juvenile dolphins have a more muted appearance .	I
Cannot suck on the teats of its mother and unlike humans , short-beaked common dolphins have no lips .	I
The sides of the muzzle will be and bluetick Coonhounds should have tan dots over the eyes tan .	I
Has since sold their company , but the family sold them worldwide .	I
You could release that record at any time and it would be out of place . "	O
Political observers made unflattering comments about the ADQ 's performance , and political support for the party seemed to lose momentum again .	O
The floods affect agricultural land as well as residential sectors .	O
The company began to produce its own designs instead , and two years later , the Berliet license was abandoned .	I
Injured 60 other people and it killed a young woman .	I
More than 8 million people were advised or urged to evacuate across 23 prefectures .	O
Ansh learns about his real mother , and the Rathod family reunites with Mohana .	I
Learn that Piya is the real Daivik and everyone including the Rewavanshis , witness the battle .	I
Power Baseball is a video game developed and published by Konami for the PlayStation .	O
Fights Yellow 's ship by arm-wrestling it and however , it remains in control of itself .	I
It is an important part of the streetscape and a dominant element particularly in Bowen Street .	O
A dominant element particularly in Bowen Street and it is an important part of the streescape .	I
Then was appointed commander of the Order of the image of Christ , and for his services to the Spanish crown , Carranza became a knight .	I
Died in 1953 and hamlyn-harris retired in 1942 .	I
" Museum of hunting and fishing ( Moscow )	O
The statuette was created by Roberto Cano and is based on the Macondo tree .	O
Operated differentially and these were unbalanced .	I
Lied about her age in order to work in summer stock theater and when she was 16 years old , she headed to Maine by herself .	I
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
Crane Bases Nos and the Hydraulic Engine House .	I
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
Crane Bases Nos and the Hydraulic Engine House .	I
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
Crane Bases Nos and the Hydraulic Engine House .	I
Crane Bases Nos and both the Engine House .	I
Crane Bases Nos and the Hydraulic Engine House .	I
The Hydraulic Engine House and Crane Bases Nos .	O
Graduating in Economics major and she was coming from Suhareka .	I
Built from 1874 to 1886 and it was designed by John Whitton .	I
Renamed her HMS " Spy " and the Royal Navy purchased her in 1804 .	I
Had Barnard in Deptford fit her in May-June and the Navy purchased " Comet " in June 1804 .	I
The explosion sank " Kuttabul " and killed 21 of those aboard .	O
Apparently to the same depth as observed in the aft battery room and drift sand has probably entered the control room space partly through this opening .	I
Only limited archival information related to these vessels survives and therefore the archaeological record is of added importance .	O
Llagostera was the only registered team and qualified directly for national phase .	O
In the years leading up to the year 2000 several individuals were actively but separately looking for a vehicle for the study of the Qajar Era .	O
Registered in Santa Barbara in the United States and in 2000 the International Qajar Studies Association was founded .	I
This is a list of programs currently and previously aired on SMNI Channel 39 .	O
Will finish on 2 December at the same venue and it began on 7 July at the Sepang International Circuit .	I
However , this has been disputed by several subsequent researchers , and so the exact identity of " Gondtherium " remains unresolved .	O
, unusually for his class a committed in liberal politics and max Hamburger was for many years chairman of the local chamber of commerce , activist .	I
Details had been a little hazy , but the offer had nevertheless appeared acceptable .	O
Only for very modest residential accommodation , but he was finding some architectural work .	I
Each time he refused to testify he was returned to custody , and at six weekly intervals he was taken before an investigating magistrate .	I
Meanwhile the situation in Iran had changed dramatically since the early summer , and the country had gained in strategic importance with regard tho the war .	O
At this time Hamburger himself was being held at Karaganda in Kazakhstan , and the letters from Poland evidently predated his second sentencing in May 1949 .	O
The title of Viscount Teviot became extinct on his death and he left the bulk of his estate to his younger brother .	I
Policing actions , one being the February 1692 Massacre of Glencoe and the next 18 months were spent reducing Jacobite strongholds in the Highlands .	I
Entered post-graduate studies , where his supervisor was Boris Yakovlevich Levin , and he obtained a degree at National University of Kharkiv in 1956 .	I
Upon impressing in the youth rank tournaments , David was invited & brought on to Mohun Bagan as a full-time Academy player .	O
Some others joined the Assyrian military , and others served in the royal court .	I
They live in West London and the Commune of Truinas .	O
The average annual minimum is 16 degrees Celsius and the average annual maximum temperature is 35 degrees Celsius .	I
Female literacy is 47.13 % , and male Literacy is 70.16 % .	I
The Block Panchayat is also at Dhule and the District Zilla Panchayat headquarters is at Dhule .	I
Has captained the team since 2016 and she started playing for Afghanistan in 2014 .	I
She was born In Dhule and brought up in Jalgaon .	O
They used script-writers with Western names as well as some cast members .	O
They were affluent and lived comfortably .	O
It may have had a volume as large as , but erosion has since reduced it to glacially eroded crags .	O
She left Bengal on 13 February 1784 and arrived at Benkulen on 11 March .	O
She left Benkulen on 12 April and reached Batavia on 28 April .	O
She can 't find the phone stored with Pearl 's other belongings and sends Steven deeper into Pearl 's mind to look for it .	O
Began play in 2000 at Louis J. Tullio Arena in Erie and they were members of the original Indoor Football League founded in 1999 .	I
It was founded in 1904 by the Roman Catholic Mission of Siam , and has since been managed by the Sisters of St. Paul of Chartres .	O
To strengthen the centralized power and there was no wish to change .	I
After graduating , Ylvisaker served as pastor in Northwood , Iowa and at Our Saviour 's Lutheran Church in Minneapolis , Minnesota .	O
Her new owners sailed her to New London and proceeded to use her as a whaler .	O
Eventually took a sabbatical to California , and she held firm to her position .	I
Lack of immunosuppressants , poorly preserved donor kidneys , suboptimal state of recipients and lack of post-operative intensive care , all contributed to poor initial results .	O
The patient shortly died and the graft was unsuccessful instantly .	I
His mother is a social worker and his father works in construction .	O
A photograph essay exhibited in Banff , Canada and at PARMER gallery in Bedstuy , Brooklyn .	O
Built a commercial building on Carice Milice 2 street and after returning to Serbia , she applied her new skills .	I
That he was wearing an Origin shirt while recording his solos , and uttley also noted that Strouse himself is a death metal fan .	I
He had married in 1793 Maria Pitts of Bridlington Quay , Yorkshire and had a total of five children , of which four survived .	O
Her son , Herbert Wells Hill , was born on September 1894 and lived on boats until he was old enough to start school .	O
They have 16 legs and are extremely thin .	O
Construction on the bridge officially began in March 2018 and is expected to continue until Summer of 2020 .	O
Its remains were removed by the county and however , in May 1986 the bridge collapsed .	I
He represented Middlesex at county level and won an English Open title .	O
Their single " Suttin Like That " was released in October 2017 , and their mixtape " The Lost Tapes " was released in November 2017 .	O
Chases her upscale desires and sila wants a lavish lifestyle .	I
The DRC regulatory authorities approved use of the experimental rVSV-ZEBOV vaccine , but logistical issues delayed implementation until the outbreak was already under control .	O
Iraklis Thessaloniki won the trophy and it was contested by 8 teams .	I
Slavia Sofia won the trophy and it was contested by 8 teams .	I
It was contested by 10 teams and Slavia Sofia won the trophy .	O
Rapid București won the trophy and it was contested by 8 teams .	I
It meets about six times a year and the county council typically has about 30-50 members .	I
Orlić joined the Progressive Party on its formation in 2008 and is the vice-president of its municipal committee in Čukarica .	O
The film was produced by Cape Fear Filmworks and distributed by Cloud Ten Pictures ( e.g .	O
The Lake Bluff Park District was formed in 1925 and was granted control over Ravine Park in 1928 .	O
Degradation from human activity and the ravines also face pollution .	I
Produced by Leo James Schamus as an executive producer and the film was directed by Laurie Collyer , written by Barry Strugatz ; served .	I
Made a total of eight appearances and he remained with Huracán for three seasons .	I
The importance of being united and the close bonds symbolized the family .	I
Later moved to constructivism and his style began as functionalism .	I
Rodrigues was born in Switzerland and is of Portuguese descent .	O
The track is still there , but it is closed to traffic .	O
Became the Imperial Entomologist , succeeding T.B and he then joined the Indian Agricultural Research Institute .	I
Featured images of the circle of women protesting at Greenham Common and her 1985 " Banner for Greenham " represented Ainsley 's political concerns .	I
It sold well , but had mixed reviews .	O
The Romans spurned all attempts at diplomatic resolution and marched an army of 40,000 on Tusculum .	O
Before that the coach of the Saskatchewan Roughriders and he was previously an assistant coach with the Bombers .	I
Her presence at Marlboro continued long after , but her studies with Moyse continued until 1968 .	I
Also taught at the Juilliard School during the early 1980s , and ms. Robison joined the New England Conservatory faculty in 1973 .	I
Was the director of his cabinet when he was crown prince and el Himma was a classmate of Mohammed VI at the Collège Royale .	I
Chuck was an expert pilot and a talented football player .	O
Hal is astigmatic , and requires special glasses .	O
Later collected in the " " trade paperback , and it was originally published on 26 November 2003 .	I
The Imperials covered it up , and made Akobi into a hero .	O
It was originally published on 10 December 2003 , and later collected in the " " trade paperback .	O
It was originally published on 14 July 2004 , and later collected in the " " trade paperback .	O
It was originally published on 18 August 2004 , and later collected in the " " trade paperback .	O
The Rebels are accepted as Imperial officers and allowed to on base under restrictions .	O
The team had made it to the playoffs , but lost to the Hicksville Girls Varsity Basketball Team .	O
English translations are published in North America and the United Kingdom by Viz Media .	O
Is lined with more businesses and baltimore Pike fully enters Springfield Township .	I
He also plays various ethnic instruments and writes most of the lyrics .	O
In the Far East by Wei Zhou of Weiber Consulting , and cms is represented in North America by David Rowe Artists .	I
American Public Media ’ s " Performance Today " , and in addition , CMS performances are featured on SiriusXM .	I
Wrote some of the storyline scenarios for " " for Capcom and in addition to comics , Reed wrote a role-playing game for Palladium .	I
Gary Reed was born in 1956 and raised in Detroit , Michigan .	O
At his request he left the British Commando staff position and , on December 1943 , joined his old No .	O
Did public relations for acid house parties in the early 1990s and staines acquired an interest in politics as a libertarian in the 1980s .	I
Similar to " Mycelis muralis " but showing more than 5 florets .	O
Chose to join the Cincinnati Reds as assistant hitting coach instead , but he was named the manager of the Ogden Raptors for 2014 .	I
To attain objectivity , science must permit and engage with " transformative criticism " .	O
A new team was founded and all players except XeqtR were released .	I
Noa picked up XeqtR and headed to Nollelva .	O
The school was expanded in 1910 to help deal with overcrowding , but the expanded room from the addition did not suffice for long .	O
This was the first Grand Championship under director Justin Sands , and would mark the ensemble 's arrival as a national power .	O
" How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying " , and 2010-2011 " The Odd Couple " , " Fools " ;	I
In 2018 , he serves as Elder-in-residence at Scott Collegiate , and works with the University of Regina 's Office of Indigenization .	O
It describes a common theme found in many cultures worldwide , and is also described in many contemporary theories on personal transformation .	O
Lennon took about a thousand acid-trips , but it only exacerbated his personal difficulties .	O
To a new Gamma Flight support team specifically for supernatural , and witchfire was assigned to Department H 's trainee programs , Beta Flight , purposes .	I
Students should be involved in many activities and enjoy all aspects of school life .	O
He went toward the sunrise , and found his other two sisters .	O
A rose formed , and she allowed it .	I
Older at the time or flaccus was in his mid-50s .	I
Clark had relied for years upon prevailing wisdom that entertainment , mutual improvement and literary societies would sustain young people 's interest in Christian church work .	O
Was promoted to " Leutnant zur See " in 1891 and trotha entered the Imperial Navy in 1886 as an officer candidate .	I
West of Cottonwood the line turns south and enters an electrical substation near Olinda .	O
The top four teams were separated from the rest and formed the " ' Title group ' " .	O
It is the centre of Jalalpur Jattan Tehsil and is about 20 km away from Kashmir .	O
Dustin published some of the earliest sketches of the Ogemaw Earthworks and other Saginaw sites associated with the Mound builders in 1931 .	O
Is now home to a small research institute and in 1985 the house was purchased by the state .	I
Operates the prestigious Cutler 's Cove hotel and christie is a promising musician whose mother owns .	I
The Moahunters album and " Rua ( Moana )	I
" " Juba dis and Juba dat , "	O
Has uncovered Michael Rebus 's drug dealing , and journalist Jim Stevens runs his own investigation .	I
Eventually two more girls disappear , and the investigation remains without success .	I
Teachers due to a student / teacher ratio of 2 and there are 34 teachers at Maplebrook , allowing for personalized interaction between students : 1 .	I
Former champion or ski Team racer .	I
The chancel restored in 1861 and the south porch was partially rebuilt .	I
Lost Hills Airport covers and has one runway :	O
In 1994 he was nominated for a second Pulitzer as well as for the National Education Writers Award .	O
A member of Soka Gakkai International and mariane Pearl is a practicing Nichiren Buddhist .	I
Is an hour away from Munich by car and the city can be reached by the A7 motorway .	I
Lawrence 's hut was demolished in 1930 and rebuilt in The Warren , Loughton .	O
Mugdock reservoir was initially built and opened in the 1850s .	O
It made production non-profitable , but the company could comply .	I
Drops into the campground and it crosses this small plateau .	I
While the transport was at Guam , hostilities ended ; and she was assigned to ferry occupation troops to Japan .	O
The latter is affluent of Allipén River and the former ones are tributaries of Cautín River .	I
Maintained their Conference North Status and brackley Finished 18th on 47 points .	I
Link has been removed and the line closed in 1975 .	I
He also played his first dramatic roles and honed his character acting in Chicago .	O
He was the first Latino on the council and remained the only one for fourteen years .	O
In 1996 was awarded a gold medal for services to the country , and pall was selected as the Austrian Sportswoman of the Year in 1968 .	I
Was allowed to display the message and calvary won the suit the next month .	I
Alcazar de Juan ( Ciudad Real , Spain ) . and the youngest of 6 , he lived his life in Málaga San	I
From London Heathrow Airport and horsham is from Gatwick Airport .	I
Initially the team played on farmland adjacent to the Warnham Park Estate but from 1930 until 1968 they were settled at Horsham Cricket Club .	O
Thus cannot be duplicated by an attacker , and each time the hash value is different .	I
After that , however , they recovered and swept through the next five games .	O
The bank has become a desirable , but difficult , goal for scuba divers .	O
In that year he was promoted Second Member of Council and appointed Chief of the Council of Revenue at Murshidabad .	O
Was one of the people to sign it , and maimon helped draft Israel 's declaration of independence .	I
The Memorial Civic Center is a multi-sport recreation and conference facility in Campbellton , New Brunswick .	O
The station has two platforms , but only one is ever used .	O
The storage of redundant equipment and this survives for permanent Way trains .	I
Covers an area of 23.501 km ² ( 9.074 mi ² ) ) and the village lies at an elevation of 132 metres ( 433 ft .	I
Latinos ( 39 % ) , African Americans ( 29 % ) , and Caucasians ( 21 % ) make up 89 % of their clientele .	O
The program has raised over $ 40,000 in 2015 and over $ 300,000 since the fundraisers ' inception .	O
Asks him to admit his guilt , but during the interview Fauli forgives Kam .	I
The ibex is from the goat family , and currently there are 1200 in Jan Amora .	O
Alain Baxter came third in the Men 's slalom but was subsequently disqualified for use of a stimulant .	O
Was officially dedicated in June 1982 , and groundbreaking took place in May 1979 .	I
Thileepan 's death resulted in large anti-government and anti-Indian protests in northern Sri Lanka .	O
He lettered three years at end and quarterback on the varsity team .	O
Leonor was escorted to Castile and never returned to Portugal .	O
In 1964 , he set eight school passing records and threw the game-winning touchdown against top-ranked Notre Dame .	O
The F5 power chord comes back again and the main riff is played twice .	O
The song appeared on charts worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics .	O
Pisses you off and it blows your mind .	I
Moon " , featured on their second album " Two Suns " and the song featured in the episode was Bat for Lashes ' " Moon .	I
Miles played his early football at Chanel College in Geelong and competed for the Western Jets in the TAC Cup .	O
Kicked a goal and he had seven disposals .	I
A Filipino club was blown up in Stockton , and the blast was blamed on the Filipinos themselves .	O
Susie Ahern & michael Spiby	I
Cindy was born in Lima and works as a model .	O
Bell graduated from the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools and attended the University of Pennsylvania before dropping out .	O
Its largest inland city and canberra is Australia 's capital .	I
The median age for Canberra was 35 years and households had an average of 2.9 members .	O
In November 2016 , he was rushed to a London hospital and had emergency surgery following a losing bout with George Groves .	O
Replanting the vineyard to wine grapes for the first time since Prohibition , and in 1997 , she purchased the Tychson estate ; remodeling the house .	I
Made by Jocelyn Burton and the trophy itself was designed .	I
The frequent swings in policy obviously do not allow institution-building and hurt the agencies ' abilities to deal with crime .	O
The last RAF trainees left in October 1942 and relocated to Riddle Field , near Clewiston .	O
About from the village of Bak En and they are located about southeast of Luang Prabang .	I
Academic staff of 135 are engaged in the teaching process and today about 2640 students are studying from grade 6 to 13 .	I
The Tejas chief heard of the Spanish presence and sent an envoy to meet with them .	O
The winning bid was £ 32,550 , but the winning bidder was not genuine .	O
Was evacuated with foreign nationals in April 1994 and she was living in Rwanda when the genocide started .	I
Hartmann came through Hallescher FC 's youth system , and was promoted to the first team in 2007 .	O
Cbc is the administrator or other legal entities :	O
Eli takes Penny back to the rehab clinic and keeps watch while she does the cocaine .	O
" make fat the new fabulous and they plan to change public perceptions of beauty . "	I
Failed to win any medals despite competing in four different events , but in the 2000 Summer Paralympics , he moved over to cycling .	I
Hardship during the communist and his earliest memories are of scarcity era .	I
Disappeared from almost cities but the PH 16 has all .	I
It was chaired by the President and the CPC 's formal powers were all-inclusive .	I
The U.S and however , Johnson .	I
Kokna is an Indian tribal community that is closely related to Konkani people and is believed to have originated in the Konkan patti of Thane district .	O
She crossed the Atlantic Ocean and entered the Caribbean Sea .	O
Follows 2009 's " Light " , and it is his fourth studio release .	I
Caballero competed on the European indoor circuit at the start of 2012 and set an indoor best of 4.42 m at the XL Galan .	O
In August old iron bars for the windows are worked up , and in June 1657 the lead for the side cloister is bought .	I
The effect of the whole is successful , and not out of keeping with the windows .	O
They returned to Arkansas in 1946 and settled in Scott , Arkansas .	O
The road begins in Carthage and ends west of Defeated .	O
She began her film career at Nordisk Film in 1912 , and was often credited in her earliest performances as Ingeborg Olsen .	O
This chordal arrangement gives rise to tonal ambiguity and can cause difficulty during unaccompanied performances . "	O
Were themselves frequently copied by commercial workshops throughout the 15th century and van Eyck 's two Madonna panels carried forward the habit of reproduction .	I
Specific to the Mormon faith and most Mormon art is both Christian-themed .	I
More than 1,150 artists entered , and the museum displayed 198 works .	O
Celine Haga ( Team Hellboy Hansen ) ) vs. emi Fujino ( Wajutsu Keishukai GODS	I
The computer was finally renamed Titan and in October , the task was completed .	I
John Beaumont , an itinerant preacher among the Wesleyan Methodists , and his mother was a daughter of Colonel Home of Gibraltar .	O
1.6 % were Hispanic or Latino of any race	O
They were most likely used for simple tasks and probably cannot be used as horizon markers .	O
Ninety percent of them are composed of the local Maroon Sandstone , and there is a total of 41 manos collected at this site .	I
" Josiah B. and Sara Moore House	O
Not Fuzzy but he spots Albert .	I
His father was an economist and his mother a teacher .	O
The two-part battle began on November 14 , 1965 , and was focused on landing zone ( LZ ) X-Ray .	O
Mcdade moved forward to interrogate the prisoners himself , and called his company commanders forward for a conference .	O
He arrived as the eccentric new doctor in early 1993 and soon started to date the equally eccentric - Gina .	O
However Alex returned the following year and announced the marriage was over .	O
Jamie Forrest was the show 's first openly gay character and eventual boyfriend of Jonathon McKenna ( Kieren Hutchison ) .	O
Carmen was very popular amongst the public and was openly mourned upon her death .	O
Nemesis of Rachel McKenna ( Angela Bloomfield ) and charlotte Olsen was the head girl of Ferndale high .	I
Shockingly moved to Australia to become a priest and the following year Marshall had a near death experience .	I
Nick nearly missed her birth but arrived just in time .	O
Was unimpressed by Vinnie 's girlfriend Shannon ( Amber Curreen ) and he arrived with his daughter Talia ( Marlia Rogers ) in September .	I
However the two broke up and Talia returned to Samoa .	O
He was the ex-boyfriend of Sarah Potts ( Amanda Billing ) and father of her illegitimate son Daniel ( Jarred Blakiston ) .	O
Made friends with Claire Solomon ( Emily Robins ) and a religious fanatic , Baxter gained employment at the hospital .	I
Later shared a brief romance with Libby Jeffries ( Fleur Saville ) ) and he was disgusted to learn Shanti was dating Scotty ( Kiel McNaughton .	I
Ended up leaving to live with her other son , Gordon ) and she nearly got robbed by conman Derek Hurlihy ( David Weatherley .	I
The two began an affair and fraser helped her through the ordeal .	I
Deborah had serious Alzheimer 's and struggled to recognise Fraser .	O
Grant fell for the scam and thanked Brooke before leaving .	O
Bella Cooper ( Ameila Reid ) started to piece together the puzzle and Isaac got engaged to her to put her off the scent .	O
Got him expelled from the clinic and she set him up with false drugs .	I
Maxwell Avia ( Robbie Magasiva ) entered the dairy and successfully convinced Gus to hand himself into police .	O
Father of Roimata ( Shavaughn Ruakere ) and dr. Henare Ngatai was the nationally renowned doctor .	I
Henare ended up in court and disowned by his family .	O
Paige started to date Daniel Potts ( Ido Drent ) but the two broke up when she slept with Hunter .	O
However Winston 's obsessive nature grew even more and he developed an unrequited crush on Brooke .	O
Zlata showed little affection for her soon and she was diagnosed with post-natal depression .	O
Chris ended up arrested for her murder and she died from her injuries on 21 May .	I
Started to fanatically manipulate Toby despite her objections and emma was disturbed when Brett returned to her life .	I
Broke up with Seth when he refused to come out and several months later , Henry got a job at the hospital .	I
There is no evidence but hiroko is the prime suspect .	I
Then for zouk ( two Antillean popular music ) and the tibwa rhythm also provided inspiration for the chouval bwa .	I
They are shown here for reference and do not indicate bass notes .	O
The film was released on VHS by Vidmark Entertainment , and sold approximately $ 1 million worth of video cassettes .	O
Here is a list of commonly used specific MWR methods and their corresponding test functions roughly according to their popularity :	O
Went into three editions and the book was highly popular .	I
Was rewarded one point for their team and the winner was determined by fan-vote through Twitter .	I
In this event , competitors were positioned in front of the net , and were passed the puck from two players situated behind the goal line .	O
Just a cell-phone and a map .	O
So far , the matter hasn 't been dealt with but some non-Buddhist students have voiced out their dismay at this culture .	I
He acquired his farm in 1861 and then built this fine house .	O
Was survived by his wife and he died in Wellington in 1932 .	I
I Love You " " Amor its featured song include .	I
The music was composed by K. J. Joy and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala .	O
Has been around since 1937 when Wen Ken Group was first and a flagship product of the company , the drink tastes like mineral water established .	I
On the day that Gibbs is shot , he draws his pistol but refuses to fire when he realises that the shooter is Steven .	O
Steven is subdued by several bystanders and he apologises for shooting Gibbs .	O
Henry VI eventually made his way to England and was captured in Lancashire in July 1465 .	O
A 3-year contract worth Rs ) and $ 30,000 / £ 22000 .	I
Richards recalled , " For me , the whole explosion , and the opportunities that this presented , is hard to describe .	O
His father Simon Paulli was a reputed Anatomist and royal physician to Frederick III of Denmark .	O
The gateways themselves are 3.5 by 7 m , and would originally have been closed with wooden doors .	O
Two thirds of the flag became red and symbolized the regime 's socialist ideology .	O
The old route to Vallejo became I-780 , and this became the new alignment of I-680 .	I
Scottish Opera dealt with various financial troubles , related to lack of funding and accusations of fiscal profligacy , during the first part of the 2000s .	O
Is now able to transform at will and knocking over some chemicals , she absorbed them .	I
Afterward , Norah visits Harry in his coffee shop , and notices a bottle of oxycodone in Harry 's things .	O
Harry is best friend with Peter Spector and they work together in their company .	O
His force arrived in time to seriously delay the New Zealand attack , and ultimately the wider offensive of which the battle was a part failed .	O
The ground had now been improved considerably and stoke got back into the league in 1919 .	I
Sydney High School applied for membership in March 1894 , but were not accepted for admission until 14 February 1906 .	O
Love him and students revere him .	I
Features a star in place of the central emblem but the MPLA flag is similar to the flag of Angola .	I
The blue also represents the Caribbean Sea , and the V-shape is the symbol of victory .	O
His famous grandfather died in 1965 , and his father died three years afterward .	O
Lulli became a home schooling activist , and all of the children were home-schooled .	O
Became officers in the Marines and three sons attended the Naval Academy .	I
The district is at the southern tip of New Jersey , and is the largest congressional district by area in the state .	O
Was defeated by incumbent Democrat William Hughes by a wide margin , but in 1992 , LoBiondo ran for the U.S. House of Representatives .	I
Accused Truffaut of making a film that was a " lie " , and jean-luc Godard walked out of " Day for Night " in disgust .	I
The youth group was established in October 2001 , and is currently led by convenor Regina Yeung Sum-yu .	O
He joined the TGWU in 1962 and the Labour Party in 1966 .	O
The first building on the campus was completed in 1886 , and classes were first held in 1887 with approximately 100 students .	O
Went to Amman Valley Comprehensive School in Ammanford , Carmarthenshire and the son of a miner , Price was born in Carmarthen .	I
Speaking to RTÉ , the Irish national broadcaster , he proposed Wales and Ireland working together to promote the indigenous languages of each nation .	O
His paternal grandfather was born in Poland , and his maternal grandparents were born in Russia .	I
Amsprop is a property investment firm owned by Sugar and is now controlled by his son Daniel Patrick .	O
Were able to remain in power with a minority government , but the Progressive Conservatives won only 51 seats out of 125 .	I
Davis called a snap election in 1977 , but was again returned with only a minority .	O
Was a member of Pershing Rifles , and shelton attended North Carolina State University .	I
Dedicated at the Airborne Special Operations in , NC and on August 27 , 2010 , a statue of Shelton was unveiled Museum Fayetteville .	I
Played no further part in the conflict and thereafter the Argentine Navy withdrew to territorial waters .	I
Women 's Employment 2014 − 16 and she was formerly the Minister for Youth .	I
Most of them do not believe : but verily in this is a Sign .	I
Was president of a £ 25m campaign for Worcester College , Oxford , and he was Chairman of the Somerset House Trust from 1997 until 2002 .	I
A population experiencing mutational meltdown is trapped in a downward spiral and will go extinct if the phenomenon lasts for some time .	O
In defense , black citizens armed themselves and formed the Citizens ’ Protective League .	O
Wrout was severely wounded but survived the attack .	O
Is a measure of departure from CP invariance and where , formula _ 139 is a complex quantity .	I
Ravana has come to her in the form of a mendicant and Sita tells him that he does not look like one .	O
Daredevil blames them for the diversion and has the Hand attack them .	O
A relying party ( RP ) is a web site or application that wants to verify the end-user 's identifier .	O
Appointed Don Thibeau as executive director and the OpenID Foundation formed an executive committee .	I
Players assume the role of a Rebel pilot fighting the Galactic Empire before and during the climactic battle of the first " Star Wars " film .	O
She grabs him for disobeying and clinton turns his back on Carolyn .	I
Troy remains stoic , but the boys cry .	I
Very few tourists venture outside the centre , and fewer still travel to other Estonian cities .	O
Haas attended the Harvard Business School and earned an MBA in 1939 .	O
The High Island Reservoir construction went from 1969 to 1979 , and was expected to be the same size as Plover Cove .	O
King Jörmunrek ( Ermanaric ) proposed to Svanhild through his son Randver , but the treacherous Bicke said that Randver tried to win Svanhild 's love .	O
Sörli to their half-sister and gudrun then agitated her sons Hamdir avenge .	I
Faculty voted in favor 62 to 1 , and students 488 to 2 for the school .	O
Interior decorating was overseen by local designer Suhail , and chicago Scenic Studios constructed the loft 's interior .	I
The island measures 40 km by 10 km and has an area of 214,5 km ² .	O
Misima is mountainous and densely forested .	O
Is fiercely loyal to those very few that are close to him , and at the same time however he has a strong sense of justice .	I
Encompasses an area of 158 km ² and it had population of 137,979 people in 2016 .	I
The music composer for the National Anthem of the Soviet Union and the music is by Aleksandr Aleksandrov , founder of the Alexandrov Ensemble .	I
She names her son Sean after her father , but when Madrox holds him , he absorbs Sean .	O
Are transported to nucleus and nucleocapsids escape from the endosomes .	I
The virus was originally isolated from the alfalfa looper ( a lepidopteran ) and contains a 134-kbp genome with 154 open reading frames ( ORF ) .	O
Dawlish railway station is on the Exeter to Plymouth line and serves the town of Dawlish in Devon , England .	O
The canal was long and included 19 locks .	O
The section north of Resolven was restored in the late 1980s , and the canal from Neath to Abergarwed has been restored more recently .	O
It is also a RAMSAR site and a Special Area of Conservation .	O
There are various grips for executing the forehand and their popularity has fluctuated over the years .	O
The regiment had its home in Woolwich for over 290 years and the Royal Regiment of Artillery was formed in the Arsenal in 1716 .	I
Many considered him to have been a relatively innocent victim of circumstances , and he was befriended in prison by the social reformer , Lord Longford .	O
Each contestant was allowed 30 seconds to perform in front of judges and find out if they were selected for the preliminary regional rounds .	O
He only superintended the erection of the building , but carved the ornamented figures which adorn the structure .	O
Won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction in 1989 and his novel " A Disaffection " was shortlisted for the Booker Prize .	I
My own background is as normal or abnormal as anyone else 's .	O
Is home to five small temples and the temple complex has a spectacular construction .	I
Rebuilt after a fire in 1894 and the main section was completed in 1857 .	I
Inchgarvie is of igneous origin , and partly made up of picrite .	O
Corstorphine contains one of the busiest routes out to the west , and Glasgow Road 's name reflects its former connection to that city .	O
Is still ongoing and it began during 2010 .	I
Evidence includes a knife covered with blood found near the victim and the accused found covered in blood at the murder scene .	O
Predated the main line to London by 25 years and it was the first steam-powered railway line in the county .	I
The purchase is often described as illegal , and the purchase did not have parliamentary authority .	I
Halebank , closed to passengers on 27 May 1994 and ditton railway station , situated on Hale Road between Ditton .	I
Have high medicinal properties and the vegetation here is sparse .	I
Two years later the work was completed , and planning for this was concluded in 1978 .	I
In June , Naiqama re-signed with the Knights on a 1-year contract , but did not make an appearance for the Knights in the 2011 season .	O
He also shows composure under pressure but he can boss a few people around .	I
The Volunteers would cut into the lead and reduce it to five at halftime .	O
Baylor ended up winning by 19 , 77 – 58 , and brittney Griner was one block short of a triple double .	I
However , Stanford then went on a 13 – 0 run , and the Pirates were never close again , falling 73 – 51 .	O
West Virginia then stretched out the lead , and won the game , 68 – 55 .	O
They were outscored in overtime by seven and ended up losing 72 – 65 .	O
" 2009 Trinidad and Tobago Pro Bowl	O
The antennae have 9 to 11 segments and are usually club-shaped at the tips .	O
He previously played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons and the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League .	O
It was the oldest building in the country , but was unfortunately destroyed by fire in recent years .	O
She can 't control her feelings for him , but she knows that Woo-jin is Ki-ja 's ex-boyfriend .	I
The monastery has a residence of approximately 260 monks and has a numerous collection of some ancient murals .	O
Gives it through a small girl and karthik writes a love letter to her .	I
Vijayakumar realizes his mistake and apologizes to Lakshmi .	O
That site eventually became the site of the Tashiding Monastery and where the arrow he shot landed , he sat in meditation .	I
This event made several headlines in Denmark back in 2005 , and mff Support held the police officers accountable for this scandal .	I
Was not formally described until 1971 , and it was first collected in 1968 .	I
Thus did not develop any mechanism for protection and native species evolved in the absence of grazing animals .	I
There were no injuries , and 150 patrons were evacuated .	I
The company was active between 1841 – 1973 and had its heyday between 1905 – 1930 .	O
Manuela Maleeva-Fragniere was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
Moved to Singapore with her mother in and she was born in Chongqing , China in 1944 1950 .	I
Oximes are commonly utilized in metallacrown ligands , and hydroxamic acids , such as salicylhydroxamic acid .	I
The blades were built on steel spars and covered with a stainless steel skin .	O
The entire deal was taking a new turn and cassam Uteem resigned 6 months before his mandate ended .	I
Aldershot was transferred to Southern Command without its own , and south Eastern Command ceased to exist at the end of 1944 , GOC .	I
He had two earned spins to work with , and this brought Larson 's total to $ 110,237 .	I
Carries a school book in the other and progress lays a telegraph wire with one hand .	I
It is 18th tallest building in Omaha , as well as the 13th tallest in downtown .	O
Monica Seles was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
François Bonneau ( born 12 October 1953 ) is a French politician and the incumbent President of the Regional Council of the Centre region .	O
His son was the barrister and novelist John William Brodie-Innes .	O
He initially had private lessons from local clergy and then attended a secondary school in Constance .	O
Also served as Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives , and he served as Florida Commissioner of Agriculture for 30 years .	I
Sometimes weeks to their jaw time to heal , or patients are usually advised to eat soft foods for days , allow .	I
In the Netherlands , it reached number 4 and in Austria , it reached number 12 .	O
Was born in Rudniy , Kazakhstan , but he lives in Hamburg , Germany .	I
He was a founding member of the British Socialist Party , and was elected to the party 's national executive in 1914 .	O
Harrogate the initial vision of a Hambleton club started to materialize and the club attracted players from Northallerton , Ripon , Leyburn , Thirsk .	I
In his memory a new area was defined and named " The Jim Houldsworth Bower " .	O
He finished the season with 11 goals in 29 appearances and was voted the most promising player of the year .	O
On 18 April 2009 , Omar made his league debut in a 5 – 0 victory over Ajman .	O
Assisted two goals in a 7 – 0 victory over Al Dhafra , and omar scored his first Pro-League goal for this season on 15 October .	I
The anions , however , are ordered and have no unusual motion from heat .	O
Also some bararite but these hold primarily cryptohalite .	I
Drafted a 7-point " Declaration of Principles " , and the group met on June 4 , 1956 :	I
Proceeded M.A , and in 1714 .	I
In the philosophical schools in 1711 and he was examiner in arts in 1710 .	I
Receivers have sometimes evolved multiple trait preferences , and signallers have sometimes evolved multiple sexual ornaments .	I
The essential idea here is intuitive and probably qualifies as folk wisdom .	O
Cooperation leads to altruistic behaviour , and costly signalling could explain this .	O
Become a literary critic under her real name , G.V and in Mediaeval History , Melling has written film scripts , papers .	I
Detonated two of the pyrotechnic charges close together and a technician on the ground did not know this .	I
Loring has been honored with the Lifetime Commitment Award from JDRF , and received the Woman of Achievement Award from the Miss America Organization .	O
Their three children inherited packaging giant Tetra Laval and when Gad died in 2000 , his wife Birgit .	I
Had extended his businesses to eleven countries , but kharafi was not only working in Kuwait .	I
Altana maintained its stock exchange listing and Klatten remained its majority shareholder .	O
Allman grew up in Springville , Utah , and later moved to Pleasant Grove , Utah .	O
After some arguing Himeno wants to punch Hayate , but he blocks her hand causing a powerful light .	O
Joins Takako to become her Knight of Darkness and he throws away his status as a Leafe Knight .	I
Oetker married three times and had eight children .	O
Johnson grew up in Racine , Wisconsin and spent most of his life there .	O
In 2002 , the German of ball bearings FAG Kugelfischer , and in 1999 he took over the German automotive manufacturer LuK GmbH producer .	I
Was Great Galician Ochmistrz and he served as Austrian councillor .	I
Sat on its supervisory board from 1982 until she retired in 1997 and after his death in 1982 , she was a major shareholder in BMW .	I
Her daughter Susanne Klatten in and police prevented an attempt to kidnap her 1978 .	I
Made his only Test fifty at the Oval and however , he took eight wickets at Lord 's .	I
The firm manages 6.5 million square feet of office and residential real estate , including the Boston Seaport .	O
Divorced three times and arison has been married .	I
They reached Hampton Roads safely on the evening of 12 December , but bad weather plagued both ships as they fought their way northward .	I
Used to own his own island in the Caribbean and hagen reportedly owns one of the biggest sailboats in Europe .	I
Lindner insurance companies began to invest in junk bonds and other Lindner companies began to issue junk bonds .	O
Has six children , and he is married .	I
He remarried on 15 February 1975 to Colombian socialite Beatrice Dávila Rocha , and together they had two sons , Alejandro Santo Domingo Dávila ( b .	O
Had five children and they married in 1948 .	I
Today this relic is located in the Wallfahrtsbasilika , and the Franciscan religious order takes care of it .	O
Reggae bands were booked in local clubs as a result and Lubbock experienced a boom in world music influence locally .	O
In 1998 he went further and personally apologized to Clinton .	O
Had encouraged him to beat his record and defoe said Chivers had been at the match .	I
All the stories published in this anthology had been published previously , but several of them had been out of print for several years .	O
Minimize their pain from the motive of self-interest and due to ethical egoism , individuals try to maximize their pleasure ; acting .	I
The present church dates from the middle of the 13th century , and is built on the foundations of an 8th century Saxon church .	O
There are small obelisks at the corners and on the summit , the parapet is plain .	I
The choir stalls have carved ends dated 1527 , and the communion rail dates from the 17th century .	O
He has 14 siblings and his mother is a nurse .	I
Well as other welfare activity as the caste association runs a madrasa .	I
Weakened due to increasing wind shear late on the August 23 , and it strengthened to its initial peak as a moderate tropical storm .	I
A total of 8,500 people were victims of the storm , and the city of Villahermosa received the worst flood since 2007 .	I
Were overwhelmed by the sweltering summer heat , but the Spanish troops landed in two waves .	I
Not have an overwhelming amount of debt and families must be able to afford a mortgage .	I
Well as being an All-Ireland runner-up on two occasions , as he won one All-Ireland medal as an unused substitute .	I
In the past , the oysterfest was held over two days , but that proved to be too much a burden on the organizers .	O
Newnes spent several years in the non-league game and represented a number of clubs around Manchester .	O
Without hesitation , Apprentice David M. Buchanan jumped into the water and went to Robey , who was not a strong swimmer .	O
Chamber Orchestra ( Hosseini ) and " Concerto for String Quartet	I
The device is larger than most standard keyboards , and the motherboard is specially designed to fit inside .	I
The bike was available in either red , blue , or silver with the fuel tank having rubber knee grips .	O
Takes inspiration from the apocalyptic artwork of schizophrenic artist Royal Robertson , and the album features a heavy use of electronics augmented by orchestration .	I
In 1835 she married the painter Alfred Shaw and thereafter appeared under the name Mary Shaw .	O
She was thereafter unable to sing in tune , and the strain of the event affected her physically .	I
Margaret Wild , and b. Paterson .	I
He married Marina Colombo in 1956 and had a daughter with her .	O
Home-schooled during high school , Rogers was able to focus on her tennis and quickly started receiving scholarship offers from the top schools in the U.S .	O
Led to Isaka being selected for the Naoki Prize and the same work also won the 21st Yamamoto Shūgorō Prize .	I
The resonance causes the orbital speeds of each planet to change , and thus causes the transit times of the two planets to oscillate .	O
The southernmost 9 km was not built and opened until July 11 , 2005 .	O
They reinvented themselves as the ' it ' girls of Rosewood Day , and after Alison went missing , Mona befriended Alison 's friend Hanna Marin .	I
The siblings are taken to a hospital , and on the way , their car crashes .	I
Melissa states she forgot the grocery list but spencer thought Melissa had left the house already .	I
Melissa thinks it 's best for Spencer to stay in London but Spencer explains that she 'd rather be supporting her friend .	O
Spencer then adds that she wants to reschedule her interview and asks Melissa for the number of Veronica 's friend .	O
Emily holds up a picture of Melissa and asks if she was his friend .	O
Traffic jams caused of roadworks and the reason is more truck traffic .	I
She also was quite tall and had a cute figure .	O
Has a sweet , kind personality and jenna was known to be very quiet .	I
She assumes that her brother stole the item from the Cavanaugh house , but he asserts his sister that he took it from Garrett 's apartment .	O
Alison turns her eyes from one to the other , and approaches Emily , alluding to her concealed sexual orientation .	O
Marshall goes to the hospital and stays there under observation .	O
Jenna ignores his attempts of wooing her but Nate refuses to let her go .	O
Stepping in , Jenna says that it sounded more like an accusation , and when Emily asks Driscoll why she never mentioned being friends with Jenna .	O
There are different kinds of automixis , but automixis is a form of thelytoky .	I
The first 2600 homebrew was written in 1995 , and since then over 100 titles have been released .	O
Private clubs were exempted under federal law but not in many states ' laws .	O
He re-assures her that everything is OK , but sass becomes upset when Mason dismisses her .	I
The ship was launched and completed in 1991 .	O
He secured all of his grandmaster norms by late 2017 and was awarded the title by FIDE in April 2018 .	O
Was buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery , and she died April 19 , 1915 .	I
Proceeds at an even greater throughout the lifespan and this decline is first observed around 25 years of age rate .	I
Then as a child moved to Memphis , Tennessee , and davis was born in Bentonia , Mississippi , US .	I
They began to tour steadily for the next few years , and davis phoned Ballard , which led to The Midnighters reuniting .	I
Work of Polish baroque painter , Szymon Czechowicz and in 1815 Saunders published a paper on the life .	I
Their murders were also the subject of a chapter in the book " But I Trusted You " ( 2009 ) by crime writer Ann Rule .	O
She made eight appearances for the club and tallied 720 minutes on the pitch .	O
The citadel sits at the highest point of the district , and consisted the original part of the city of Rada 'a .	O
In Art Education from Roosevelt University and the same year her M.A .	O
Becky Reid 's ( Awhimai Fraser ) former father-in-law and ian is Tank Reid 's ( Jack Barry ) father .	I
Ian is eventually charged and is awaiting trial .	O
Encouraged his daughter to audition for stage roles and her father , Luis Cerqueira , was an actor .	I
Khawajas were considered rich and were mostly traders .	O
He has written for HBO 's " High Maintenance " series , and is a regular contributor to " The New York Times " .	O
The operation of the Native Police was largely vindicated by this inquiry , but John Murray was identified as being responsible for the killings at Manumbar .	O
May refer to and králová is a surname :	I
The show has been held annually since 1975 and is voted on by the general public .	O
Tchicaya is a surname and may refer to :	O
It began on 20 October 2017 and ended on 10 June 2018 .	O
It began on 3 November 2017 and ended on 7 June 2018 .	O
Some points domesticated foreign content , and make it a new original .	O
Other civilians burned security vehicles and killed seven security men .	O
It began on 25 November 2017 and ended on 18 June 2018 .	O
Ended on 10 June 2018 and it began on 30 September 2017 .	I
It began on 22 December 2017 and ended on 12 August 2018 .	O
Ended on 13 May 2018 and it began on 8 September 2017 .	I
Ended on 30 June 2018 and it began on 18 November 2017 .	I
Assistant principal to Charles H. Allen and at first she was a mathematics teacher .	I
Grew up in Grand Prairie , Texas , and clark was born in Frisco , Texas .	I
Widowed twice before marrying James Balch and an orphan , Harriet Snider was married .	I
It is 300 meters above sea level and to the North of the Lebanese capital Beirut .	I
He is a Senior Fellow at Hudson Institute and a senior editor at the Weekly Standard .	O
It is expected peak magnitude about 8.8 , and perihelion is on February 21 , 2018 .	I
Until 1894 he officiated under Governor Benjamin Tillman and then under his successor John Gary Evans .	O
The Weeknd was released as the album 's third single and on February 2 , " Pray for Me " by Lamar .	I
Has an intelligent thematic architecture that is worthy of overt praise ... and he concluded that the score is " culturally appropriate , instrumentally fascinating . "	I
The Communist Party of Salamanca since the and sarrión has been a member of the United Left 1990s .	I
The regular season began on 19 November 2017 , and the final was played on 26 August 2018 .	O
It began on 14 October 2017 and ended on 8 April 2018 .	O
Has 6 children and judge Walker is married .	I
Concluded on 29 September 2018 and the season began on 13 January .	I
Forgive ' n Forget won on his reappearance but suffered defeats on his remaining four starts .	O
The mainsail was stained with blood and there were three men aboard .	O
She reached St Helena on 5 August and arrived at Gravesend on 19 October .	O
The debts incurred for the 1948 addition were problematic , and municipal hospitals in Bay City were competing for patients .	I
Performance of the Year by the World Bowls Tour and he was awarded the 2009 Players Player of the Year .	I
They play their home games at SIU Arena and were members of the Missouri Valley Conference .	O
Adults measure in length , and the underbelly is orange .	I
Tsutomu Hamada later joined afterwards and became " Sandwichman " .	O
In September 2000 , Hamada withdrew , but their unit name did not change .	O
He is a smoker , but sucks Neosider at home .	O
She also added accounts of Mormon pioneering and their relationships with the Native Americans .	O
Peaked at 73 in the world early in 1993 and she broke into the top 100 during the 1992 season .	I
The height came in 1961 when they had booming orders and employed 400 staff round the clock to meet demand .	O
The site was sold in 1965 and the brewery tank business moved to Cheltenham .	I
" Gertrude " decommissioned 11 August 1865 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard and was sold 30 November at New York City to George Wright .	O
Siae activity negatively regulates B lymphocyte antigen receptor signalling and is required for the maintenance of immunological tolerance .	O
Was originally thought to be a smaller version of an osteoblastoma and an osteoid osteoma is a benign bone tumor that arises from osteoblasts .	I
Roommate after he committed suicide by shooting himself inside his car and during his junior year , Rulli found the body of his friend .	I
Has been nominated for others and rulli has won three Emmy Awards .	I
Snap BMX Magazine and Transworld BMX :	O
Lasts two days and the assembly is religious .	I
Columns of soldiers scoured the countryside and forts were established throughout the Indian territory .	I
" Let the sword be drawn and the scabbard thrown away ! "	O
He won the electoral vote by a margin of 234 to 60 , and harrison won the popular vote by a margin of 1,275,612 to 1,130,033 .	I
Congress would not pass a similar bill during his presidency , and in 1847 , Polk pocket vetoed another internal improvements bill .	I
Polk sent a special message to Congress on the subject , and shortly thereafter , actual samples of the California gold arrived .	I
Fillmore rejected Webster 's offer to resign as Secretary of State , and webster was far more unhappy at the outcome than was Fillmore .	I
The violence in Kansas escalated in 1856 , and pro-slavery forces ransacked the town of Lawrence .	O
Buchanan 's election made him the first and so far only president from Pennsylvania .	O
Clifford had served with Buchanan in James K. Polk 's cabinet , and his views on major issues largely aligned with those of Buchanan .	O
In foreign policy , Johnson presided over the purchase of Alaska , and his presidency saw the end of the French intervention in Mexico .	O
They generally supported Reagan in the 1980 campaign , and evangelical Protestants became an increasingly important voting bloc .	I
Was successful in gaining U.S. participation in the financing of the railroads , and taft appealed personally to the Prince Regent , Zaifeng , Prince Chun .	I
His administration succeeded in achieving a negotiated settlement , and nixon ended American involvement in the Vietnam War .	I
Mansfield lacked the stature of his predecessor , Lyndon Johnson , and was unable to exercise strong leadership in the independent-minded Senate .	O
Returned to his native city of Giarre in Sicily , and the first Battalion commander Giuseppe Alizzi survived the war .	I
Gaslamp Popcorn is grown and popped in California .	O
They kind of start seeing each other but still no one takes things further .	O
His whereabouts is unknown and then later he is kidnapped .	I
Became progressively unwell and he suffered from tuberculosis .	I
This was Stanley 's only state championship team and the first undefeated titlist in Illinois history .	O
Afterward , her dad takes her and her sister to McDonald 's .	O
Later was flooded for ice skating and it was used as a livestock barn .	I
In 1985 he founded the United Stuntmen 's Association and in 1991 he founded the International Stunt School .	O
All over the world also in Yiddish theaters and primarily acting in Hebrew , Koenig performs in Israel .	I
It was the first NCAA gymnastics national championship but not the first championship for college gymnastics .	O
He finished his first professional year with 12 appearances and one goal , as his side finished fifth .	O
Signed with Boca Juniors , for an undisclosed fee and in June 2016 , Vergini returned to his home country .	I
Quite damaging and they are dust-laden .	I
The General denied any knowledge of such activity and said it would not have influenced him .	O
To avoid backflow ( return to supply and utilize reverse return distribution loop design for hydraulic balance ) .	I
Uses his help to find Nora again and riva gains the trust of a local boy .	I
He was re-elected MP for Downton in the Long Parliament and sat until he was disabled on 5 February 1644 .	O
Brown lost any remaining support and retired in July 1931 .	O
In 1916 , Meuse decided to become a painter and joined L 'Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts , Brussels .	O
Signed to the practice squad two days later , and he was cut on September 3 , 2010 .	I
Features an all-flying horizontal stabilizer and the first was built by Bowlus .	I
A hairline fracture in her foot forced Nunes off the card , but amanda Nunes was scheduled to face Julie Kedzie at this event .	I
The album reached # 29 on Billboard 's Country albums chart and peaked at # 90 on the Billboard Pop albums chart .	O
Musically it is influenced by everything we have ever loved and we believe will take the listener on a journey .	O
The young New Yorker 's experiences were deeply affecting , but the family lived there for just a few years .	I
" auspicious " ( " or it may mean " sacred cf .	I
Less in many consonant shapes ( some are somewhat different ) , and nandinagari differs from Devanagari more in the shape of its vowels .	I
Member states may opt not to follow its recommendations , and its actions do not have the force of law .	I
Stopped to focus more on training , but jury then attended Oakland Community College .	I
Was powered by Little Beaver Creek and gaston 's Mill was constructed in 1837 .	I
Fortunately the recording device was triggered and has recorded Ladd 's confession .	O
Lost via unanimous decision after two rounds but in the quarterfinals , he fought Chris Cope .	I
In 2013 he was invited to close the Ecuador Fashion Week and received recognition for his 25th anniversary in the fashion industry .	O
He leads a disciplined life style and maintains a good physical fitness .	O
She joined the board in January 2015 and succeeded Burns on 30 March 2015 .	O
Monica acts as the ringmistress , and Dorando is the business manager .	O
She knows what she wants and she gets it . "	O
Scored two more goals , both against Wales , and robertson was Scotland 's captain in five matches .	I
He was both a performer and producer on this album .	O
Disappointed , many Germans immigrated to the Americas and Puerto Rico , dubbed as the Forty-Eighters .	O
They were Frederick Lois and Rudolph W. Riefkohl .	O
He also played DJ sets in London , and a regular radio show for Soho Radio .	O
Today has the status of a Regionale Schule and the Altenglan Hauptschule introduced the 10th school year early .	I
Altenglan 's volunteer fire brigade has existed since 1880 and thus celebrated its 125th anniversary in September 2005 .	O
Recorded The Vampire Chronicles as a group effort , and by 1999 the band had a stable lineup .	I
Star Drug burned in 1998 but has since been rebuilt .	O
There are an Oktoberfest on the first weekend in October and a Christmas Market on the third day of Advent .	O
Then the Nine Years ' War wrought further decimation , but nonetheless , the number of families rose again quickly .	I
" Regionale Schule " with the tenth and the " Rothenfeldschule " is a combined primary school class .	I
There is a lot of ground covered here and a ton of meat to this album .	O
Was published in 1999 and it was his debut novel .	I
Has beaten his wife to death and the cruel Latin professor has gone insane .	I
This pathway is located in the plant plastid , and is the entry to the biosynthesis of phenylpropanoids .	O
Continued his day job as a painter and he joined a dance band as a singer .	I
Promoted another mini-album in 2014 and after 11 years , they released .	I
Then was rebuilt out of steel in 1949 and the original bridge was built of wood in 1929 .	I
Has been restored at least twice since and it was declared a national monument in 1925 .	I
He was consecrated Bishop in 1952 and died within his first year .	O
The UK is a pasture and the equivalent concept in North America .	I
At the beginning of the 20th century restoration began on the buildings and in 1926 a preservation society was founded to support this work .	O
Won three Railway Cup medals for Leinster and pat Byrne played in two All Ireland finals .	I
Came to dominate hurling in Kildare in the 1990s but club almost went out of existence in the early 1980s .	I
In the second week , only 894 copies were sold and the album slipped to 240th place on the charts .	O
Pyrometric devices do not measure temperature , but can report " temperature equivalents " .	O
For his achievements , he received the 1965 Oscar Mathisen Award and was elected Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year that same year .	O
The club was revived in 1894 and by Phil Purcell in 1901 .	O
A junior final appearance was made in 2006 but Straffan were narrowly beaten by Nurney GFC .	O
Will now compete at senior level once more and in 2007 Suncroft won the Intermediate final beating Ballymore .	I
The team got to the Leinster in the 1956 inter-provincial final , and also being selected on the Kildare camogie team of the century .	O
The Builder confessed he built The Device out of arrogance , and wanted to make amends by helping Kain destroy his creation .	O
Closed to passenger services by British Railways on 18 August 1958 , and it was taken over by the GWR on amalgamation in 1923 .	I
Beginning in the 1930s paid labour became more common , but at the beginning , children usually performed unpaid labour .	I
69 % of Swazis were living in poverty as of 2006 , and poverty is one of the most common determinants of child labour .	I
Blue Canari 's dam , Delicieuse Lady , raced in Scandinavia and won four races , including one at Copenhagen in 1997 .	O
Will be followed by the 2016 – 2017 session and this session was preceded by the 2012 – 2013 session .	I
During the Christmas period , artists perform carol music and the set is decorated for the festive season .	O
The other cast credits are unknown , but many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary .	O
Then in 1957 Ettore Mazzoleni heard him sing at the Manitoba Music Festival and a scholarship sent him to The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto .	O
" James D. and Frances Sprunt Cottage	O
The school moved multiple times and ultimately closed in 1953 .	O
Payments must be authenticated using a fingerprint scan and credit card information is stored in a secure token .	I
Is numbered 1288 – 1293 in its catalogues and it was released by Méliès 's Star Film Company .	I
Later owned Kuptz Service Station and kuptz also was a steeple jack .	I
Simplifies the process of meeting requirements and for businesses , harmonization cuts compliance costs .	I
Have an installed capacity of 14 MW and it will use the tailwaters of Kulekhani II .	I
Received his B.A and he attended Cornell University .	I
13 of them are located in Yerevan and republic of Armenia is divided into 41 districts .	I
Soon became a manager and khoo joined the new bank .	I
Senior High School and " Josuikan Junior	I
Appeared in an advertisement for candy and she also began auditioning for television commercials .	I
Represented Igboeze North / Udenu Federal Constinuency of Enugu State and he is a People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) member .	I
Hon Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi , and Deputy Governor Hon .	O
Obtained his MSc ( ) in 1929 and verwey studied chemistry at the University of Amsterdam .	I
Its tail was dipped in the blood , and a mithun was slaughtered for the ceremony .	I
He hid in the jungle and continued fighting the British .	O
The Young Men 's Business Club and he was active in the Masonic lodge .	I
Received his A.B and he attended Cornell University .	I
The shaft was abandoned and the colliery closed in 1897 .	I
Somewhat inferior in smaller craft to the Dnieper Flotilla , but the Turkish fleet was roughly equal in large ships .	I
Degree in 1898 and the M.S.A .	O
The building was completely leveled and only the pillars remained .	O
The club was constituted in 1887 , and played its first game in 1888 .	O
Still went into the New Year fixture at Ibrox as underdogs , but celtic played fairly well up until the next Old Firm match .	I
Won the Scottish Cup final 3 – 0 against Motherwell but they lost the League Cup final 2 – 1 to Rangers .	I
Umana did the music and bongo put the drums in .	I
However , she failed the sex chromatin test in 1985 , and thus was ruled ineligible to participate in women 's athletics .	O
Without conservation , most artifacts would perish and important historical data would be lost .	O
That year entered the Air Force Championships where he defeated Paul Maruyama and watts weighed 280 lbs when he started training in judo in August 1966 .	I
Well as Virginia Beach as takahiko taught Judo in Philadelphia .	I
Well as minor key sections together the movement , as it retains the focus on Db from the previous variation , tying .	I
Was selected as an All-American in 1917 and strupper overcame deafness resulting from a childhood illness .	I
A holdfast would perform the same function " and in earlier times , a " crochet .	I
Can be freely downloaded from the internet and the film is now in the public domain .	I
Fey had been a writer on the show since 1997 and began as the show 's head writer in 1999 .	O
Flopped at the box office and the movie was panned by critics .	I
Moved to Auckland at the age of 21 and hadfield was born in Awaroa Inlet , Tasman Bay .	I
He was there for less than a year and then he returned to England in 1804 .	O
Northwest of Nemingha is East Tamworth and the Tamworth Central Business District .	O
This portion of his life is poorly documented , but in the 1530s he may have attended university .	I
Allows for a full 360 degree and the topmost penthouse occupies the entire 31st floor view .	I
Imo is one of the 36 states of Nigeria and is in the south east region of Nigeria .	O
Brazosport College 's Student Senate are elected and represent BC 's student body interests .	O
He attended Bartow High School in Bartow , Florida , and played high school football for the Bartow Yellow Jackets .	O
Her father acts very disrespectfully towards her and berates her for the slightest thing .	O
Is scheduled to open for service in 2021 and construction on the Northgate Link extension began in 2012 .	I
He attended Maynard Evans High School in Orlando , and played high school football for the Evans Trojans .	O
Completed his bachelor 's degree in sociology in 2001 and mccoy returned to Gainesville after his NFL career was over .	I
Scholar of harpsichords for " The Village " and during the 1960s , Smith interviewed Wolfgang Zuckermann , noted manufacturer , Voice .	I
Discovered that her son is completely blind and his mother later found him with a fever .	I
His statue was covered up and diệm 's pictures were taken down .	I
Jackie is most likely their child , and dillon is Rachel 's younger cousin .	I
Continues to stay close to Dillon and she has trouble having kids with Tony .	I
They never marry because she dies overseas but arthur Lee Sizemore is in love with her .	I
Is deployed to Vietnam and he later joins the army .	I
His first movie in colour and it was Ladd 's first Western .	I
Nadiradze quickly came under the influence of modernism , particularly Emile Verhaeren , and emerged as one of the leading figures within the Blue Horns group .	O
Sentenced to death and he was subsequently imprisoned .	I
Was known as the ' Steeple Church ' , and the Ryrie Street Presbyterian Church opened in 1857 .	I
In 1914 the congregation moved to Newtown and became St. David 's Presbyterian Church .	O
Scored one goal and she played one match .	I
Compensated this with numerical superiority and the Japanese knew about this disadvantage .	I
The center includes fitness classes , a weight room with machines and free weights , although they are about 30 yrs old .	O
Baptist Church of Mizoram and others are Mizoram Presbyterian Church .	I
His photographic film survived the impact , but the police smashed Browne 's camera .	I
Obtained membership of the Welsh Rugby Union in 1949 and the club was formed in its present state in 1946 .	I
The third Baronet was a colonel in the army and served as High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1942 .	O
Surrounding areas up until land reform in Kerala in the 1960s and the Kamballur Kottayil Nambiar clan were the landlords of the Pulingome village .	I
Has its head office in Cambridge , UK and the charity is governed by a board of Trustees .	I
He was turned away by the Primitive Methodists , and the Wesleyan Church refused to take him back .	I
He also learned to speak Spanish and was employed as an interpreter .	O
Four were missing and two wounded .	O
Four Hurricanes were lost and two badly damaged .	O
The island was no longer under siege and its forces had taken the offensive .	O
Warren was a professor for 42 years and built up a great engineering school .	O
They felt upon the occasion more courageous than ever and the affair was a matter of no small triumph to them . "	I
See the mural 's start and sky-bending finish on YouTube .	O
The A1 is a major Belgian motorway linking the capital Brussels to Antwerp and then to the Dutch border turning to the A16 in the Netherlands .	O
He appeared 11 times for Dortmund in the inaugural Bundesliga season , and had a brief spell as manager of the club in 1970 .	O
Was played for senior squad from 1949 and he signed a contract with Taj in 1946 .	I
Bayati led the team in the 1972 Summer Olympics with bad results and was unable to be qualified to the 1974 FIFA World Cup .	O
Coached the team in the 1950s and he also played for Be Quick 1887 .	I
In 1847 , he was appointed Assistant Auditor-General of Accounts of Mauritius , and he is said to have escaped Hong Kong because of poor investments .	I
They bought 16 Perkins-engined vehicles in 1969 and 40 Leyland with engines from 1975 .	O
Some of the tracks of the album were re-recorded in English and released later in 2008 as " The English EP " .	O
In 1964 , the team changed its name to Plastikas , but was renamed to Statyba before the start of the season .	O
Like Kaleidoscope 's other albums , it was commercially unsuccessful , but at the time it was released it received good reviews .	I
Alexia is fully bilingual and has dual nationality .	O
His mom a school teacher and his dad was a coal miner .	I
Charles Menard had a brick church built in 1849 and it was destroyed by a fire in 1916 .	O
Rebuilt in 1807 / the chapel was renovated .	I
Became the home port for its newly established fleet and the dockyard was taken over by the Royal Ceylon Navy .	I
Was completed in October 2012 and principal shooting started in April 2012 .	I
Were purchased from HELOG and the Pumas were former Bundespolizei .	I
They seem to be very intelligent and philosophical despite their farmly upbringings .	O
Is sometimes seen chewing on a toothpick , and he has an Elvis-like hairdo , sunglasses .	I
The main antagonist in the original " Barnyard " movie and dag ( voiced by David Koechner ) was a red coyote .	I
He lives in London , England and is married with two children .	O
A different set of bosses , and these floors contain harder enemies .	I
Tang sank several ships and evaded the destroyers .	O
The population of Ngopa is made up different ethnic groups , but mainly of Mizo ; they call themselves ' Ngopians . '	O
There are about four hardware stores , two wholesale shops , and many small variety shops which serve the people 's needs .	O
She was eligible for the NCAA Post Graduate Scholarship and earned her Masters of Education degree in 2009 .	O
The wheels may have been rimmed with iron , but otherwise metal fittings are kept to a minimum .	O
The town had its own post office and was busy for over a decade .	O
James expressed the hope that " having this long program so solid and strong will just help when we have a good short program .	O
By 1899 Gladestone started to decline and eventually became a ghost town .	O
Today there is a motel and cafe at the location .	O
The event was widely reported as such , and both tweeted that they had gotten married .	I
Sarangapani Raman scored the only goal for India in that match and thus the first Indian international goal ever in the Olympics .	O
Haney was offered a job working for Monroe and took it solely based on monetary reasoning .	O
Came from a working-class family and leonty Cheremisov was born in 1893 .	I
He praised the " bare-bones production " and Dunn 's " big voice " .	O
Amateur boxing while living in New South Wales , and he competed in rugby league , rugby union .	I
As such , they held their meetings in English and used the American flag liberally in their iconography .	O
He trained as a fighter pilot and was initially assigned to No .	O
The language is attested in cuneiform , and is the earliest attested Indo-European language .	O
Flat plate reactors ( FPR ) are built using narrow panels and are placed horizontally to maximise sunlight input to the system .	O
Ftr have been developed using a combination of sun and artificial light have led to lowering production costs .	O
The SunFun started as a foot-launched glider design , the VJ-24 , and was developed into a wheeled undercarriage motor glider , the VJ-24W .	O
Merle was also one of Bill Monroe 's fiddlers and helped contribute to the start of bluegrass music .	O
Hydrated C-type ( Ch ) asteroid , respectively and the carbonaceous body is characterized as a rare B-type .	I
Represented India in the Miss International 2004 competition and she won the Miss India International title in 2004 .	I
Each leaf is up to 20 centimeters long and has edges lined in comblike narrow lobes .	O
In these two sentences , Austen represents the inner thoughts of the character and creates the illusion that the reader is entering the character 's mind .	O
Despite good reviews the hoped for sales did not happen but in all , six were built over the next two years .	I
The colors which predominate the school crest are red and blue , as these are the school colors .	O
The buildings are Grade II listed and also a Scheduled Ancient Monument .	O
Was called Mayor because it was the largest in the neighborhood and according to historian , the synagogue was built in the Byzantine era .	I
The rail line was abandoned by the Newfoundland Railway in 1931 and the rails were removed in stages from 1933 - 1942 .	O
He last job was as a golf sportswriter and columnist for the " Manila Standard-Today " .	O
The ' London Federation of Trades Councils ' was set up , and in the 1950s the LTC was in conflict with the TUC .	I
This booklet is now out of print but copies are available in some libraries .	O
Grew up in Tauranga , New Zealand , but bugg was born in Hull , England .	I
The aircraft had five crew and 68 passengers on board .	O
Beginning in 1956 , this was the commercial airport for Myrtle Beach and other Grand Strand communities , primarily being serviced by Piedmont Airlines .	O
There are correspondingly large differences in impedance between them and there are a large number of different types of microphone .	I
Jon wants to date Sumitha , but she is no longer interested .	O
He graduated from Florida State University , and Tulane University , with a Ph.D .	O
In the 18th century , Scottish clans continued to use small shields , and in the 19th century , some non-industrialized peoples continued to use shields .	O
Took place between October 2-4 2009 and the rally consisted of 18 special stages .	I
By 1859 the garden cultivated 5,226 species and in 1846 a substantial institute building was completed .	I
In 2000 a new medicinal plant department added , and in 1996 the Foerderkreis Botanical Garden was founded .	I
During a press briefing he said he was aware of the incident and that he had “ expressed our concern ” to Vietnamese authorities .	O
He also played for Lancashire at county level , and gained a North of England cap in 1898 .	O
Passes out and greg gets drunk .	I
Donn Óge Mag Oireachtaigh had been deprived of his lands by Aedh , and now sought the help of Domnall Óg Ó Néill of Tír Eógain .	O
On 15 October 2010 Andrew Scott retired and the new postholder was Ian Blatchford .	O
Autumn in Pelitköy brings camel wrestling , and summer has the Pelitköy Olive Festival .	O
It was not treated as a proper national side , but belarus had its own rugby team in the USSR .	I
It was eventually dropped , but had a lasting effect .	O
The conflict continued for the next few years and began to gather more publicity in 1964 .	O
A former politician of Republic of Vietnam and nguyễn Cao Kỳ was a senior army officer .	I
Carlton was the minor premier , and South Melbourne had finished second .	O
" Centre for Ancient Epigraphy and Numismatics , University of Belgrade	O
He was tried instead by a Romanian military court , and german requests for extradition of Pleșiță were not granted .	I
Steffi Graf was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
Since 2004 she is one of four Vice Presidents of the IOC , and in 2000 , she was elected to the board of the IOC .	I
Began play as the Spirits of St. Louis and the new owners moved the team to St. Louis .	I
Out-relishes mere fire and self-embittering art .	O
The couple had two children and halderman married Patty Montet in 1990 .	I
Her hair is out and in loose curls .	O
Torn jeans to her boyfriend who is an orange jumper and the shot moves to her opening her apartment door in a black shirt , wearing .	I
Grace Community School was founded by Grace Community Church in 1973 and began with an enrollment of 60 students in grades 2-12 .	O
Grew up in Huntington Beach , California , but solomon was born in Omaha , Nebraska .	I
Koldo does so and they leave .	O
The nearby Millennium Hilton hotel in Lower Manhattan and several paintings here depict the Century 21 department store .	I
She then entered the $ 25,000 ITF in Surbiton and reached the quarterfinals before losing to Anne Keothavong .	O
Was beaten in round one by Marlene Weingärtner and she was also given a wild card into Wimbledon .	I
Despite lacking the necessary internal passport , he remained there and , in 1881 , obtained permission to audit classes .	O
Directed at stutterers and the lyrics are inspirational :	I
Joined the Pacific Reserve Fleet and " Hummer " decommissioned 23 June .	I
She signed a contract with BMG in 1989 and released her second album " Sheree " .	O
Mine 4 was closed in 1965 , and Mine 3 was closed in 1977 .	O
He lifts her onto his horse and they gallop to the rescue .	O
It was shown at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival but not released in Spain until the following year .	O
The entire complex ultimately became Tulane University , and the latter was absorbed by the university .	I
In 2018 the football team went undefeated ( 13-0 ) and made their first UNI-Dome appearance since the 2006 season .	O
Were beaten in their first playoff match by the Tiger Bay Warriors , but they finished the season in fourth place with a 4 – 4 .	I
University , saw the Admirals slump to 0 – 10 season and this disruption coupled with a small squad of just 19 , mostly young players .	I
Similar phases were found in chondrites and Martian ( SNC ) meteorites .	O
Sets it on fire and sabrina sneaks into the farmhouse .	I
Tower is one of the 25 wards of the City of London and takes its name from its proximity to the Tower of London .	O
Renounced his priesthood in 1935 , but he was also a priest .	I
His father Maghar Singh was a landlord , and his mother Naseeb Kaur was a housewife .	O
Were held in the Netherlands on 10 June and the 2004 European election was the sixth European election .	I
It is a yellow dwarf or subgiant [ G3IV-V ] .	O
Absolute magnitude is 4.81 and the apparent magnitude is 8.42 .	I
The apparent magnitude is 8 and absolute magnitude is 4 .	O
Political figure in Ontario , Canada and colin Stewart Cameron was a Scottish-born lawyer .	I
The comitatus ( county ) office possession of the building and however , the Trinitarian Order was closed by Joseph II in 1782 took .	I
Finished in eighth place in the final , but she also competed in the 200-meter breaststroke .	I
Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing .	O
It was a box office failure and received mixed reviews from critics .	O
The southbound span opened in 1993 , and the northbound span opened in 1992 .	I
Was raised in from Bugaa village , four kilometres away , and masai was born in Kapsokwony town , Mount Elgon District .	I
Began to build up a lead in the final lap and at the 2010 World Cross Country Championships , she started strongly .	I
She finished 15th in the 10,000 metres final and agafonova competed at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics .	I
The church was consecrated in 1879 and the bell tower was completed in 1877 .	I
He is the uncle of VICE columnist and former Reason associate editor Lucy Steigerwald .	O
Abbot trained with junior side Banks O ' Dee and after proving his fitness signed for the club .	O
Left after completing PhD course requirements to pursue teaching , but in 1924 , he began doctoral work at Harvard .	I
Rabin Medical Center ( ) is a major hospital and medical center located in Petah Tikva , Israel .	O
This entity is called Riley North and is staffed with pediatric specialists .	O
Ecclesia convened in order to take the final decision and Demosthenes was among those who expressed their opinion .	O
His mother was born in Baghdad and darzi 's father was born in Mosul .	I
He has also run training courses for doctors in Armenia and helped Armenian doctors come to London for clinical training .	O
The name was submitted by the Kingdom of Thailand and is the name of a Thai rain god .	O
The center was dedicated on September 13 , 2009 , and awarded the Best New Landmark of 2009 by www.brokensidewalk.com .	O
Its stainless steel represents local industry and the fish is an early Christian symbol .	I
Borden began selling processed milk to consumers in 1875 , and pioneered the use of glass milk bottles in 1885 .	O
Was unable to right the company , but kkr increased the pace of divestiture .	I
Establish an Annual Business Forum and to work in partnership with business .	I
In 1997 the monastery was renovated and reinstituted as a working monastery .	O
Contained many small stalls run by local traders and during the 1980s the upper floor area was open .	I
Once the equilibrium is reached , both the ICP and intracellular volume return to their initial normal conditions .	O
J. Stanley Tunney Bridges and " Thomas A. Mathis	I
He was back with Davis in " Old Acquaintance " ( 1943 ) and supported Humphrey Bogart in " Passage to Marseille " ( 1944 ) .	O
Loder returned to London , and they divorced in 1972 .	I
Wrote a history of an area where she grew up " and bunting returned to her old position at " The Guardian .	I
As Salé is a Moroccan football and basketball club based in Salé .	O
He played for the Cincinnati Reds in 2001 and has not pitched in the majors since .	O
Were also being modified to a six-coursed acoustical guitar but most of the older 5-course guitars were still in use .	I
The localities fell back to the Piast dukes of Głogów , and margrave Waldemar , however , died in the same year .	I
The ride is packed onto one semi-trailer and has a fairly quick build-up time .	O
Gal Mekel , previously played in the NBA and Shay Doron previously played in the WNBA .	O
Sup Surfing is also very popular in Israel and it can offer some world class conditions .	O
Built the Via Traiana through it and the Romans conquered it in 269 BC .	I
The viceroyal troops suppressed the riot with heavy terms , but in 1647 the city rebelled against the Spanish domination .	I
The wines are primarily composed of 80-100 % Negroamaro with Montepulciano and Malvasia Nera permitted to fill in the remaining 20 % .	O
Met with the cast and staged concert of the show .	I
The building was slated for demolition , but was saved for its historic value .	O
Was completed in July 2006 and the restoration process began in 2004 .	I
Was still injured , thus alternate Tim Boetsch took the fight instead but jamal was supposed to face Vladimir Matyushenko in the IFL semi finals	I
It is from this that the plateau derives its name , and the waterfall was formerly known as " Kinder Scut " .	I
Moore was born in Deal , Kent and was educated at nearby Dover College .	O
Was admitted to the Bar of Quebec in 1909 and born in La Patrie , Quebec , he studied law .	I
However , it is far more rare than the soprano clarinet and is mainly limited to folk music of the Aegean Region .	O
Most ingested cholesterol is esterified , and esterified cholesterol is poorly absorbed .	O
Hodson wrote that it would be more appropriate for the hot climate , and help make his troops " invisible in a land of dust " .	O
Are ineffective in other terrains but terrain-specific patterns have sometimes been developed .	I
Their rate cannot be adjusted , and atomic clocks are primary standards .	I
He took the city and dispersed her adherents .	O
He forced the Alemanni capitulation to Frankish suzerainty and did not appoint a successor to Lantfrid .	O
" Wu Xing " is also widely translated as " Five Elements " and this is used extensively by many including practitioners of Five Element acupuncture .	O
Mountain Laurel ( Kalmia latifolia ) is the state flower , and is native to low ridges in several parts of Connecticut .	O
Bolstered the influence of Federalists who opposed the war and the British blockade during the War of 1812 hurt exports .	I
Recent immigration has brought other non-Christian religions to the state , but the numbers of adherents of other religions are still low .	O
The state also has many noted private day schools , and its boarding schools draw students from around the world .	O
The average household size was 2.26 , and the average family size was 2.90 .	O
The server returns a response , and the client sends a request .	I
It is conterminous with the Dublin Region and is in the province of Leinster .	O
Time passes , and deep summer .	I
Died of pulmonary tuberculosis in December 1848 and emily became seriously ill shortly after his funeral .	I
Is increasingly rare in Germany and it cannot be found in Austria .	I
Mostly serves as a main ingredient in soup and the bulb can be kept for months in winter .	I
Throughout the Cold War , the book was cited by conservatives and has been a staple in political science courses on totalitarianism .	O
He retired the same year but continued teaching at Berkeley .	O
A number of deities were seen as threefold , and triplicity is a common theme in Celtic cosmology .	I
Other classes of druids performed ceremonial sacrifices of crops and animals for the perceived benefit of the community .	O
Is not as strongly scented as stinky tofu and this is more of a pickled type of tofu .	I
Average annual rainfall is 30 inches ( 76 cm ) , and average annual snowfall is 81 inches ( 206 cm ) .	O
It is no longer inhabited and is just outside Winona .	O
Ended on 15 December 2012 in Warsaw and the pre-auditions began on 1 December in Wrocław .	I
The separation between the audio AM carrier and the video carrier is -3.5 MHz .	O
§ Allocated , but never used .	O
The new couch is infested by bedbugs and soon Springfield is overrun with them .	O
Kills him and the Governor shoots .	I
He originally ran for chairman , but was defeated by Frank Fluckiger .	O
Time-sensitive cargo are unloaded in California and flown to NASA receiving locations .	O
He then played for another four teams in Scotland and Northern Ireland until his career ended in 1936 .	O
Was elected as a deputy to the third Silesian Parliament in 1930 , and in 1926 , he became involved in the National Christian Labour Union .	I
Village chief saw Sara and stared at her .	O
Might be deadly and it is also misleading .	I
Within it incorporated the school 's Master in International Business , and the Council on Emerging Market Enterprises , a research think-tank .	O
By 1912 , the demand for motorcycles had dropped significantly , and the Thomas Motor company discontinued all production of two-wheeled machines .	O
Moved to Cambridge , Maryland to tutor for a private family , and before 1812 , David attended Yale Law School for two years .	I
Then returned for a finale Christmas episode on 15 December 2015 , and series 3 aired from 7 July 2015 to 22 September 2015 .	I
He lived on a farm until age thirty-two , and his parents moved to Ohio in his infancy .	I
Never applied for admission to the bar , but he also read law for two years .	I
They had children named Vernon E. , Valley Echo , and Leo Heath , who all attended Ohio Wesleyan University .	O
T from to & he served as chairman of AT 1961 1972 .	I
She made her film debut in " Sket " ( 2011 ) ) and her first TV appearance was in " The Bill " ( 2007 .	I
It 's not Juan 's , but he proceeds to identify it .	I
His father , John , was a farmer and his mother , Elizabeth , née Mitchell .	O
The inaugural season was held in 2000 and the first champions were Marousi 2004 .	O
The Impossible Birds released in 1995 by Upstart Records & on The Battlefield is a 5-song EP by Nick Lowe .	I
Several important names are missing and furthermore , many names are misstated .	I
Saw Albion beat Derby Junction 3 – 0 and the semi-final took place at Stoke 's Victoria Ground .	I
Verrett attended a private workout with the Carolina Panthers and also met with multiple teams for pre-draft visits .	O
Finished the season as a solid starter for the Texas Longhorns and vaccaro started all 13 games as a safety during his junior year .	I
May also be attached to the barrel and the handguard is attached to the upper receiver .	I
Long pointed shape of the lobe tips and this is based on the overall leaf shape .	I
The new series began with a digital volume and has since extended to four print volumes .	O
There is also considerable exposure in the national press , and is well known to the country 's political leaders .	O
Higher if conductive ribbon strips that connect individual PV cells are considered or the usage of copper in photovoltaic systems averages around 4-5 tonnes per MW .	I
Ordered them dispersed to other friaries and in 1534 Henry suppressed the Observant friars .	I
Sainte-colombe curtly dismisses the envoy , as well as the Abbé Mathieu .	O
Which is a relief , I suppose , but also a bit of a letdown . "	O
Lovette has filled in on Take40 Australia for Jackie O and is the main fill in co-host on Take40 Australia .	O
1 Indian soldier wounded and 19 PLOTE militants were killed .	I
Was taken off the card after Okami suffered a torn ligament but yushin Okami was set to fight Dan Miller on the main card .	I
He is Alice 's neighbor and they soon become friends .	O
Agrees to be Alice 's boyfriend without any questions , and he can never make up his mind for himself .	I
He retired from politics and died in 1926 .	O
The center is located east of the villages of Loen and Olden , on the shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatn .	O
Hasn 't sent child support in over a year and her deadbeat ex-husband is on a beach in Santa Barbara .	I
She threw 3 no-hitters and a perfect game .	O
He also donated his farm land for Girls high school and donated money for the building of the school building .	O
The state treasurer is elected on Election Day in November , and takes office on the first Monday of the next January .	O
The North Pavilions were not finished in , but were completed in November of that year .	O
It is west of the garden and east of the Nichols Bridgeway .	O
Tehsildar office and assistant commissioner	I
Was released on the Epic Records label and manorisms is a 1977 album by Wet Willie .	I
Opened a small practice in Harrodsburg and he was eventually admitted to the bar .	I
Thought to have been killed instantly and worthington was hit near the left eye .	I
Antonio D 'Alfonso and Joseph Pivato .	O
The Bee Sides and " The Bird	I
Asks the growing crowd to restrain her and he then escorts her back to the gates .	I
Tells Valerio about it and leonce decides to marry Lena .	I
On their way they meet coincidentally or as a sign of fate .	O
Let us say fate exists , but it is not one door .	O
Blanding was the production manager of the Florida Citrus Exchange , and served a term as head of Florida 's American Legion .	O
It is celebrated annually on the Thursday before Spring Break , and has been called Miami University 's " biggest tradition " .	O
A high school for girls and high School Kot Sardar Muhammad Khan .	I
New courses used to start every eight weeks , and courses were eight weeks long up until 2017 .	I
Most of the inhabitants are farmers and it has an approximate population of 15000 .	I
He was graduated from the University of South Carolina in 1910 and took a law degree at George Washington University in 1913 .	O
Area and the prison covers of .	I
After teaching for one semester he resigned due to poor health but after his retirement , he accepted a one-year post at Haverford College .	I
Downtown Topeka is west and south of Grantville .	O
Door Oefening Sterk won the championship by winning 1-0 after extra time ) and it was played at a neutral field ( De Goffert , Nijmegen .	I
Could only manage the solitary game but the following season he crossed to Essendon .	I
Was uncertain about moving to California and by that time , Sullivan had married .	I
A hospital of 2960 beds and the campus also owned clinic departments .	I
Built trenches to protect themselves from a cavalry charge and according to contemporaries , the Arabs feared the Bulgarian army .	I
Bedi is a family name largely but not exclusively of Indian origin .	O
He crowned Sambhaji as the Chatrapati and soon went in the background .	O
For some time it was captured by the Adilshahi forces but came back into the Maratha 's fold in 1689 .	O
Weighed 180 pounds and he was in height .	I
Attended night school to earn a high school diploma and at the same time she also won trophies in basketball .	I
Was not credited on this album , but grenstiner was replaced by Matt Black .	I
Hence they started dancing and bhasmasura agreed to the match .	I
Bhasmasura forgets of newly acquired boon and asks Mohini to marry him .	O
Performed a Northern Lights suplex , and hokuto applied the double choke .	I
Applied the abdominal stretch , and page had the advantage .	I
The station is run and operated by volunteers .	O
Metal tubing , covered in doped aircraft fabric and the aircraft is made from a combination of wood .	I
Eden High School show choir and married her in 2002 .	O
A Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences ( FMedSci ) ) and bishop is also a Fellow of the British Academy ( FBA .	I
The fourth stage windows are elongated versions of the third stage , but with added label stops at the spring of the hood mould .	O
The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on BET .	O
Created the first Hampden Sydney wrestling in and fulton also took over the reins of tennis coach in 1958 – team 1959 .	I
On 15 January 1940 the Lviv University was reopened and started to teach in accordance with Soviet curricula .	O
Made Yu a chancellor again and subsequently , he even recalled Yu .	I
Carmichael had been the 1975 nominee against Cliff Finch and had also carried the GOP banner against U.S .	O
Rouzier married Karine Abraham and had three children .	O
Respect him as a director and i honour Puttanna ’ s work .	I
Moved to the National Football Museum in Manchester in 2014 and it was removed by new Fulham chairman Shahid Khan in 2013 .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1955 , and a post office was opened in Monrovia in 1857 .	I
The moniker is a stage name for Cornelius 's solo performances and also refers to her collaborative work with various band members .	O
Broadsheet is the largest of newspaper formats and is characterized by long vertical pages .	O
Is estimated to have gathered about 20,000 attendees , and the 2006 parade was held without official interference .	I
Contested assembly election as an independent candidate in 2004 and following the clashes with the leadership , he quit Shivsena .	I
Ask them to teach him something of their art , and krishna would go to each of these visiting stalwarts .	I
It is clad in weatherboard and has a hipped roof .	O
In 1910 he participated in strong chess tournament in Warsaw and scored 9 / 15 , with Akiba Rubinstein winning .	O
Gilbert was born in South Shields , County Durham , and began his football career as an apprentice with Sunderland .	O
He inherited his father 's title on 15 May 1787 and assumed his seat in the Irish House of Lords .	O
Teens although his main interest was football and he was a keen sportsman in his childhood .	I
Moved back to more comfortable lodging and they were forgiven for their escape attempt .	I
Stabilize a large number of organics in a more efficient manner and biological oxidizers provide a stable environment which allows bacteria to naturally oxidize .	I
Allgreave otherwise dwellings are scattered and there are two small settlements at Wildboarclough , .	I
Youth literature which developed with the German educational movement of philanthropinism and " Discovery " is an example of early specific children ’ s .	I
" filifolium " ( Wiegand ) Puff and " Galium obtusum " Bigelow subsp .	O
This two story wood frame house was built c . 1821 , and was the first house in Dublin to have brick end walls .	O
Takes charge of Shambhu and vijay becomes a Deputy Jailor .	I
It premiered in Canada on September 2 , 2013 , and in the United States on February 17 , 2014 .	O
Returned to Brazil in 1979 and he remained there for 14 years .	I
Other hard substrates via a byssus and the pearl oyster attaches itself to barnacles .	I
He got only 600 , but he needed 1,000 men .	I
Is sometimes referred to as an unofficial national holiday and it is usually observed on the first Sunday in February .	I
Prevailed , obtaining an order the United States compensate them , and the three officials sued in the U.S. Court of Claims .	I
Congress may not appropriate this role for itself , and Senate confirmation is not required for these positions .	O
He served on the Chenequa , Wisconsin village board and died in Chenequa on December 15 , 2000 .	O
Did not make it to the official list but two films also submitted their scripts as their entries .	I
Like the Elpinstone Tunnel , it was double-tracked when built , but was singled as part of the Regional Fast Rail project .	O
Brought them directly from the island to the workshop , and eventually , the University obtained visas for Cuban teachers .	I
January , April , July and October of every year .	O
Users are often unaware of the psychological effects of the surrounding architecture , and for this reason , are often very successful at shaping user behaviours .	O
Additionally , the personalization of a space through art , signage and screening clearly informs the public of ownership within an area .	O
That link was uncoupled by his successor , President George Bush , and the rates on capital gains were reduced by President Bill Clinton .	O
Attempted a middle course between the two factions , and the Grand Council was cautious in its policies .	I
La Baume himself was reluctant at first , but Pope Clement VII pressured him to accept .	O
It does , infinitely well , but it shouldn ’ t work .	I
Darker towards the apex , but the hindwings are grey .	I
They often said we will sell all land to Hindus but we will never sell our land to any Pathans .	O
Became a chaplain in the British Army and he was ordained a Catholic priest in 1917 .	I
He also represented an underage MCC side in 1983 , and played for the Prime Minister 's XI in 1987 .	O
Her style is vividly descriptive , and moodie 's tone is frank :	I
Cossus Cornelius Lentulus Gaetulicus was a Roman politician and general who was consul in 1 BC .	O
Told Louise Patterson about his idea of a people 's theatre and after working in the war , Langston Hughes came back to American .	I
All of the work was contained to the interior , and the Crump remained open during most of the work .	O
This club not only teaches students about government but also puts the students real-world political situations .	O
Their families by providing convenient on-campus living and the project hoped to attract new young faculty .	I
Students take part in daily Bible lessons and participate in chapel once a week .	O
Every student 's academic development is monitored very closely and the teachers constantly assess the students ' progress .	O
Students have daily in-class Bible studies and also attend weekly worship service .	O
His first dated works are from 1645 , and his last dated work is from 1694 .	O
A bibliometrician is a researcher or a specialist in bibliometrics .	O
Released records until 1976 and it was formed in 1968 .	I
Most critics who have addressed the issue have sided with Lawrence , but writing in 1975 , Martin Stevens attempted to revive the idea .	I
In 2008 , the Royals won their league and moved on to the Don Johnson Cup .	O
Two platform tracks are available for passengers and there are also several freight tracks .	O
One of the first commercial Swedish video games and it was the first publicly available Swedish adventure game .	I
" Water supply and sanitation in Iraq	O
Seven of them applied for a certificate of the organization , and by February 1934 , enough of his fellow workers agreed .	I
Used in research on group problem solving and collective induction is a task developed by Steiner .	I
Women tend to stay as housewives when kids are young and return to part-time works after their children grow older .	O
Primary energy use in Sudan was 179 kWh and 4 kWh per million persons in 2008 .	O
Some men to betray him and sykes bribes Winters ' first mate .	I
When Winters goes to settle accounts with Ludwig , he is ambushed and knocked out ( though Ludwig has no part in it ) .	O
Please share with us what that experience was like and how it has changed your filmmaking career ? "	O
Incorporated also very mature themes but the show was full of humour .	I
Also was named honorable mention all-area by the Cincinnati Enquirer and he was an honorable mention for the Division I all district .	I
Was succeeded by his second son Duke Xiang of Qin and duke Zhuang died in 778 BC after 44 years of reign .	I
In the process kill Tessa 's godfather and three young bandits go on a robbing spree .	I
She visits Ramon in his cell , but he refuses to name his partners-in-crime .	O
As a result Antonio Ilic was named the Goalkeeper of the Year , and toronto also managed to produce the best defensive record throughout the season .	I
Urged the courts to follow due process throughout the proceedings , and he described the work of journalists as " essential " .	I
Now only one-headed , it can move like a snake and makes its way into the belly of the ship .	O
Duke Xiang was his posthumous title ) and his ancestral name was Ying ( .	I
Science Charter School and " Bergen Arts	I
From 1941 to 1945 he was Chief ARP and Security Officer of the Palace of Westminster .	O
In 1948 he married Anstice Crawley , and the marriage was dissolved in 1946 .	I
With it , eight members of the New Directions glee club , and it features the graduation of the McKinley High class of 2012 .	I
The season 's final episode was written and directed by series co-creator Brad Falchuk .	O
Became functional as of 15 May 1987 and the board was set up in January 1987 .	I
They were led by seventh-year head coach Jeff Voris and played their home games at the Butler Bowl .	O
It paralleled the coast and moved slightly inland .	O
Entered the Gulf of California , and it moved along the coast .	I
A ship reported gales and a pressure of .	O
A storm was first spotted September 17 , and another was reported nearby the next day .	O
Samsung Sports is Samsung 's multi-sport club and sports marketing department in South Korea .	O
Its reservoir will cover an area of and if built , the dam will be tall .	I
The Lower Gondwana rocks consisting of Talchir , Barakar and Kamthi measures are well developed in the area .	O
Each raceme typically has 4-10 flowers and each flower has 8 petals .	O
Has become naturalized in tropical West Africa and it is widely distributed throughout the West Indies .	I
May have few rootlets growing out and the hairy roots of sarsaparilla are fibrous .	I
A 30-year expression was introduced in 1997 , and a 12-year expression was introduced in 2009 .	O
Due to illness , Shanmugasundari was admitted to the hospital and died on May 1 , 2012 Morning 4.30 AM .	O
Scientists must make known the sustainable use of the rhizome and its cultivation practice for the conservation of this plant .	O
This led to a rapid decline in its numbers and a single offspring is grown from a single mother plant .	I
Received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1957 , and he attended Haverford College in Haverford , Pennsylvania .	I
The Special Collections Council for three years and he was a chairman for the SI archives .	I
The leaves are entire to lobed in shape and are 5 to 12 centimeters in length .	O
They require plenty of moisture while growing and do not need protection from winter .	O
The new saplings have few leaves and are vulnerable to strong winds .	O
The sepals are ovate-lanceolate to elliptic , wide-spreading and tend to curl back at its maturity .	O
That evening a Seamen 's Charities fund concert took place throughout the ship and the captain was obliged to attend the event in the first-class lounge .	O
They sneered " too proud or too scared ? " .	O
Was appointed Knight of the Order of Saint-Louis on 13 1815 , and at the Bourbon Restauration in 1814 , he was forced to retire February .	I
Also known for his fundamental works on it and he was credited with introducing the rough set theory .	I
She was born in Brisbane in 1916 and educated at Brisbane Girls Grammar School .	O
He filed a consumer complaint before the Delhi district forum , and the forum asked Microtek to pay a sum of Rs .	O
At one point , he was managed The Pink Assassin and was walked to the ring with a dog collar .	O
It was thought the election was less than 12 months away and however planned redistricting would eliminate the Estevan riding in the next election .	I
The suture is only slightly sinuous and the siphuncle position is variable .	O
Just north of the tourist destination Lobe waterfall and today it is by the beach resort of Kribi .	I
Leaves others feeling like they are failures , but this language is empowering to some patients .	I
The family lived in Portland , Oregon , in his early years , and moved to the surrounding countryside along Johnson Creek when he was 8 .	O
All popular music , having been used in over 1700 songs , but this break has since becοme a staple in not only hip-hop .	I
One notable film clocked in at over an hour and a half , " The Corbett-Fitzsimmons Fight " .	O
As the reaction progresses , the resulting halide compounds and molten dysprosium separate due to differences in density .	O
Trees extract groundwater through their roots and release it into the atmosphere .	O
Went 5 – 1 in his first 6 games and however , Romo was named the starter for the team .	I
Fortunes quickly changed as Dallas fell to a 2 – 2 start , but the 2009 season started positively with a road win against Tampa Bay .	I
Talks of past December collapses resurfaced , and another collapse in 2009 seemed validated .	O
Started driving down the field and the Lions got the ball back .	I
Led to formerly first place Philadelphia missing out on the post-season and the second game between these rivals clenched a playoff spot for Dallas .	I
During that time , strips would be written by him but drawn by guest artists who work for Universal Uclick .	O
Thus a decreased concentration gradient across the cell membrane and this results in an increased intracellular concentration of sodium ions .	I
Said he was Dromtönpa an earlier of the Dalai Lamas and he spoke in mystical verses , quoted classical texts out of the blue , incarnation .	I
However after a few months , Norbu betrayed him and led a rebellion against the Ganden Phodrang Government .	O
Approximately 3 km apart and both palaces are in Lhasa .	I
He also ascended the great river for a short distance , and commenced modest commerce with the natives of the Bakongo kingdom .	O
Lyfing became Bishop of Crediton in 1027 and shortly afterwards became Bishop of Cornwall .	O
Has become increasingly popular in recent decades and letterboxing originated on Dartmoor in the 19th century .	I
His jaws were large , and his lower lip protruded .	O
With him any hope for Dante to see Florence again , and henry VII died ( from a fever ) in 1313 .	I
After the war , Eisenhower served as Army Chief of Staff and then took on the role as president of Columbia University .	O
By 1898 , the parents made a decent living and provided a suitable home for their large family .	O
At dinner for daily family Bible reading and his parents set aside specific times at breakfast .	I
Was planned underground within the Rock of Gibraltar and the campaign in North Africa was designated Operation Torch .	I
Thereby deprive them of more energy from involvement of the White House and to facilitate relations with Congress , Eisenhower decided to ignore McCarthy 's controversies .	I
Eisenhower again was commissioned a five-star general in the United States Army and upon completion of his Presidential term , his commission was reactivated by Congress .	I
Eisenhower presented the medal as an expression of his appreciation and the medal is a keepsake reminder for the recipient .	O
At first Portuguese traders were based in Hirado , but they moved in search of a better port .	O
The conniving lawyer Tulkinghorn is killed in his office late one night , and the crime is investigated by Inspector Bucket of the Metropolitan police force .	O
His beautiful prose which was of imagery and two of Macdonald 's strengths were his use of psychology , full .	I
Has also influenced many other areas outside of detective fiction , but sherlock Holmes is not only referenced as the titular character .	I
Milen Ivanov & Eva Quartet	O
Daniel Spassov and Milen Ivanov	O
The site was built in 1957-58 and equipped with missiles in 1959 .	O
Easily recognizable and they are sharp .	I
A new album is currently being finished and expected to be released in 2019 .	O
Construction of BRT blue line started in November 2013 , and articulated buses were legalized in Taiwan on February 2012 .	I
Is attracted to their orphaned servant , Lydia Wilton , but he is unimpressed by Anderson 's spoiled daughter Bella .	I
From 1980 to 1986 he was Director and Professor of Arabic at the seminary .	O
Directed by Nazeer Saeed Janjua while produced by Maimona Siddiqui and the ceremony , televised in Pakistan by Hum TV , was produced executive .	I
Relies on the open-source " EveryBit.js " framework , and it was developed by the Toronto firm EveryBit .	I
They were led by fourth-year head coach Todd Graham and played their home games at Sun Devil Stadium .	O
He later built The Fiary in 2006 and the Frimley Park Hospital in 2009 .	O
Well as various household products , as it likewise designs individual interiors .	I
Nephew of Pervez Khattak and khattak is son in law .	I
Jörn Rausing ( born 12 February 1960 ) is a Swedish heir and businessman , a co-owner of Tetra Laval , the packaging company .	O
Defeated Mohammad Qasim and he received 58,577 vote .	I
By the 18th century they had started constructing the Baroque-styled main building and in 1679 the manor was acquired by the famous family of von Uexküll .	I
Defeated Amir Muqam and he received 49,976 votes .	I
Defeated Shehbaz Sharif and he received 68,162 votes .	I
Remained involved in the armed forces as a sports official , but he finished his army service as a senior army officer .	I
It is a demersal fish and its depth range is .	O
He received 57,177 votes and defeated Ghulam Hussain .	O
He received 133,085 votes and defeated Mumtaz Kahloon .	O
Joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI and in May 2018 , he quit PML-N ) .	I
He was a close friend of Jakob Philipp Hackert and probably accompanied him on study trips to Italy .	O
In March 2018 , he quit PML-N and joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) .	O
Joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI and in June 2018 , he quit PML-N ) .	I
Joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI and in May 2018 , he quit PML-N ) .	I
He received 103,581 votes and defeated Riaz Fatyana .	O
Lives in , and he is married Beijing .	I
Was 8-0 in Big Ten conference duals and ramos led the team with 23 dual wins .	I
Joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI and in May 2018 , he quit PML-N ) .	I
She is two-minds as to whether stay as Rajkumar 's wife or be part of plan , she hatched to gain riches .	O
Lived the rest of his life in poverty , but he was allowed to retain his private possessions .	I
That the Lycus river would be the border between their territories and the terms were that all the Sicilian Greek cities would be free .	I
He finally defeated Hicetas and had him executed .	O
The greater number are solidly in the cantus-firmus style , and they are highly influenced by music from post-1500 Netherlands .	I
Was subsequently released from the promotion and he lost the fight by unanimous decision .	I
He graduated from the University of the Punjab in 1997 and obtained the degree of Bachelor of Arts from there .	O
He received 109,998 votes and defeated Manzoor Wattoo .	O
He received 87,266 votes and defeated Manzoor Wattoo .	O
He received 57,972 votes and defeated Javed Hashmi .	O
Defeated Fakhar Imam and he received 73,481 votes .	I
He received 59,373 votes and defeated Nouraiz Shakoor .	O
Retained National Assembly seat and he vacated Punjab Assembly seat .	I
He received 18,968 votes and defeated Javed Akhtar .	O
Defeated Jamal Leghari and he received 49,230 votes .	I
Joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI and in May 2018 , he quit PML-N ) .	I
In May 2018 , he quit PML-N and joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) .	O
He received 92,972 votes and defeated Saud Majeed .	O
He received 97,778 votes and defeated Khusro Bakhtiar .	O
Defeated Sardar Yaqoob and he received 31,031 votes .	I
The four Li sisters pursue life and love differently from each other .	O
Was part of the 2010 WTA Tour and it was the second edition of the tournament .	I
Paul White scored twice , and Bob Wiese scored once .	O
Painted in his studio until dawn and he sketched at the theater at night .	I
They caress yet they are visual .	I
Some stalls from Pakistan till 2011 and the exhibition also featured carpets of Iran .	I
In 2011 , about 21 lakh people visited the exhibition and the society collected a revenue of Rs 13 crore .	O
Campbell was commissioned into the 71st Regiment of Foot in 1771 and then transferred to the 6th Regiment of Foot in 1783 .	O
Bill Melzow missed the kick for point after touchdown , and kuzma thereafter scored the touchdown on a three-yard run .	I
Both drives ended with pass interceptions by Minnesota 's quarterback Bill Garnaas , but in the fourth quarter , Michigan twice drove deep into Minnesota territory .	I
Westfall carried 26 times for 126 rushing yards , and kuzma rushed for 121 yards on 21 carries .	I
Bill Daley had a 65-yard touchdown run in the second quarter , and Bob Nussbaumer , substituting for Hirsch , also scored two touchdowns .	O
The game began with cool , cloudy conditions and ended in " a steady drizzle . "	O
In week 4 she danced with musical dancer Drew McOnie , but in week 3 she danced with contemporary dancer Robbie White .	I
He returned to action on 4 March 2016 and played out the rest of the season .	O
Jonas Svensson was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
The Marquette , Mich . , lineman immediately was issued a uniform and put in considerable time at the right guard spot during scrimmage .	O
There is an eighteen-hole golf course and about a dozen woods nearby .	O
The access that visitors have to the musicians and it differs from most other festivals in its intimacy .	I
Runs through Sunday night and the festival starts Friday afternoon .	I
Was transferred to Mir EO-4 , and polyakov stayed aboard the station .	I
A leg break bowler and turner was a right-handed batsman .	I
May be found year-round and the fruit bodies are long-lasting .	I
Light-grown colonies were brightest at the periphery , and dark-grown colonies were luminescent in the center .	I
It was at this time that he began to read law , and callahan was elected as a justice of the peace in 1857 .	I
Zubek 's compositions revolve around his propulsive playing and the fat sound of his upright bass .	O
" Naiad " gave chase and captured French gun-vessels Nos .	O
Is hosted by Museum of London Archaeology and the TDP currently has a small staff team .	I
Then later moved to West Virginia but cooney was born in Glendale , California .	I
Edited more than 20 books and he has published over 250 papers .	I
Was captain of Wisconsin 's 1946 football team and negus returned to Wisconsin after completing his military service .	I
Some of the results were independently rediscovered much later by other mathematicians and as they were published only in Slovak , many of them remained unknown .	I
Work was sporadic until its 1889 closure but a new owner reopened the mine in 1872 .	I
Nathan convinces her to tell the others , and the next morning Jeanne confesses to Samuel .	O
Most languages of the world allow syllables without consonants , and monosyllabic words may therefore consist of a single vowel .	O
Ewuare also added great thoroughfares and erected nine fortified gateways .	O
" Do You Really Like It and " How You Remind Me " by Nickelback ? "	I
Aoife Neary ( born 1985 ) is a camogie player and works as a vascular physiologist in the south east .	O
Most of them used to live in Tehran and have been the top scholars of Iran .	O
The Steelers rushed for 201 yards , and routed Tampa Bay 38 – 13 .	O
Tampa Bay drove 94 yards in the final three minutes , and Connor Barth kicked a field goal as the half expired .	O
Tampa Bay led 24 – 14 with 10 : 24 remaining , and the turnover led to a 2-yard touchdown pass to John Gilmore .	I
Took him to the senate , where he was again thanked , and after his speech , the consulate was moved by his words .	I
It was destroyed in wars and reconstructed for several times .	O
They did offer Hillberg a job , but colt did not buy the gun .	I
Bautista ran for mayor in 1998 , but lost to Ismael Mathay , Jr .	O
The second season of Taking The Stage premiered on January 28 , 2010 and concluded on April 15 , 2010 with an order of 12 episodes .	O
Is buried with his parents in the Grange Cemetery and he died aged 32 of illness contracted during the war .	I
Restored on January 28 but communications services were also affected .	I
Devin Barclay hit a 34-yard field goal and ended the scoring of the Buckeyes .	O
On 31 October , " Curlew " was in company with , and when " Shannon " captured the privateer brig " Thorn " .	O
This protected the image well but tended to darken it .	O
Former rally driving champion from New Zealand and paul Adams ( born ) is a politician .	I
He worked in the morning and studied in the afternoon .	O
Resented the sensationalism of the media and gilman was often scandalized in the media .	I
The standard fuel is premium auto fuel , but it can run on 100LL as well .	O
Was succeeded by his younger brother , Ulrich von Jungingen and in March 1407 , Konrad died from complications caused by gallstones .	I
Was succeeded by James III and in 1919 , James II died .	I
The play was a hit and won three Tony Awards .	O
She looks the character she is portraying and impresses with a natural performance . "	O
The Su-9 's bubble canopy and the primary distinguishing factors are size .	I
The airship then turned flat on its back , and one of the pilots jumped from the cockpit .	I
In 2007 , Petacchi was banned from cycling and had his results achieved disqualified for doping .	O
He then won three stages of Tirreno-Adriatico and finished 2nd in the general classification .	O
Are called sunset moths ( for example " Chrysiridia rhipheus " ) and some of the tropical species are known for their bright , butterfly-like colors .	I
The most heavily visited parts are Dorrigo National Park and the Natural Bridge section of Springbrook National Park .	O
Was a point from the relegation places in League Two and he inherited a team that had lost its last ten matches .	I
In the 2008 general election , Baldock stood for the Tauranga electorate , but came a distant fourth , with approximately five percent of the vote .	O
They had five children and he was married to Anne .	I
Quality of conversion vary enormously and however , the range of prices .	I
Is subsequently removed with the sediment during sand filtration , and chitosan causes the fine sediment particles to bind together .	I
This makes the ships less stiff and the nominal stress level higher .	O
70 % of the province is mountainous and the other 30 % is hilly .	O
All of these types may be loosely described as " archtop , " but only the last possesses the characteristics most often associated with the type .	O
Officials argued MTS-Uzbekistan has been responsible for a series of technical violations , and its operations have been suspended beginning on the evening of July 17 .	O
May reach ( 7500 m ) when used under favorable conditions ) and these technologies are capable of reaching ( 3000 – 4500 m .	I
Became a full professor in 1978 and he returned to Columbia later that year .	I
Elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society ( ForMemRS ) and in 2015 , Buck was awarded an honorary doctorate by Harvard University .	I
Not EuroNCAP tested , but sold in Europe .	I
Blocks are named uniquely and have no overlap .	O
All are endangered or critically endangered .	O
Also seek shelter during the hottest part of the day , and diurnal tree-dwellers , they sleep in tree cavities at night .	I
Because of the enlarged size , made them buoyant , and in life , these vertebrae were filled with marrow .	I
In 1827 Wilkins was appointed architect to the East India Company , and the next year made alterations to its building in Leadenhall Street .	O
The decision of the committee in a pamphlet signed " Phil-archimedes " and after failing to win the latter he attacked the plans of his rivals .	I
After leaving school he changed his name to Le Gallienne and started work in an accountant 's office in London .	O
His library was nearly sent back to Germany as bounty and le Gallienne 's house in Menton was occupied by German troops .	I
You could also post " text messages " and say " hi " to your friends .	O
Disenfranchising provisions worked against poor whites as well as blacks for decades .	O
Their fight reignited and got violent .	O
Completed in 1963 and construction began in 1960 .	I
Jansen van Wijhe invented the name upon arriving in New Amsterdam and signed a document with a variant of it in 1682 .	O
The latter subfamily is much smaller , including some 20 genera , and they typically have the rudiments of a vein in the forewings .	O
The spiritual awakenings of the 19th century and as a movement it had roots in Pietism .	I
Newsom was divorced shortly afterwards and Tessa died in 2002 .	O
Has practiced law since 1979 and he was a high school teacher .	I
It became part of the Michigan Islands National Wildlife Refuge in 1943 , and was designated as part of the Michigan Islands Wilderness Area in 1970 .	O
Dens may have several entrances , but are usually less than deep .	O
Constructs expressing power domains and their power supplies :	O
Is typical of a desert inhabiting canid but the ears are large compared to other foxes .	I
Have been reported to live up to 12 years in captivity , but they can live an average of seven years in the wild .	I
Was " buried among strangers and on that trip , his wife died . "	I
Is performed entirely by clapping and it is written for two performers .	I
Is also available by subscription and it is sold at local newsstands .	I
By hand from cases full of individual letters or type was set on a linotype using molten lead .	I
Brydges was a fierce advocate for the pro-life movement and blocked legislation to legalize abortion in New York .	O
It can be prepared from titanium dioxide and titanium metal at 1500 ° C .	O
Nearby freeways made for better access to services for the residents , and the site 's proximity to active bus routes , shopping center .	I
Woodinville filed for injunctive relief , breach of contract , and collection of damages with the King County Superior Court .	O
There have been many notable accomplishments at the provincial level , as well as various past successes in sports over the years .	O
Has been held annually since then and the festival was first held in 1995 .	I
The ridges are approximately 0.1 – 0.2 mm wide and are raised 0.5 cm above the reticulum wall .	O
The film was released in the United States on April 13 and opened first at the box office with $ 22.2 million .	O
Patriarch Yaʿqub was skilled in and knowledgeable about Syriac music .	O
While swimming is possible at Spanish Bank East , skimboarding and kitesurfing are more popular activities at Spanish Bank West .	O
The Swedish free church family has many branches , often quite different , but united in the common bond of the necessity of a personal faith .	O
Does not use the windowing library and syntax is the DeDuplicate operator .	O
Parasitoid wasps are a large group of hymenopteran superfamilies , with all but the wood wasps ( Orussoidea ) being in the wasp-waisted Apocrita .	O
Appointment ( not rank ) during World War II or geschwaderkommodore ( short also Kommodore ) is a " Luftwaffe " position , originating .	I
Won many rap battle competitions and after graduating , he competed in .	I
He allowed 10 runs , and the Nationals lost 17-3 .	O
Four colleges sent their choirs , and Bob Jones preached the funeral .	O
He was a lifelong pioneer of liberal causes , and his wife was active in the pacifist movement .	O
Today the community of biomagnetic researchers does not have a formal organization , but international conferences are held every two years , with about 600 attendees .	O
Ciço stops him , and pushes him away .	O
Moved there in 1922 and she visited England in 1912 .	I
In this change of circumstance , he abandoned the monastic habit and Alexios allowed him to resume his old position as Caesar .	O
Ventrals number 155-168 in females , the anal plate is divided , and the subcaudals are divided ( paired ) into 31-40 in females .	O
In 1958 , he left the group and formed another conjunto for more recordings .	O
They are distributed throughout the heart and are responsible for several functions .	O
No court authorized the operation and there were no warrants .	O
Mostly in spring in Southern Australia but the doves tend to breed after rain .	I
Bred well in captivity and diamond doves can be kept .	I
Most remained loyal to the Commonwealth and however , the Cossack leaders remained sceptical .	I
Was ordained to the priesthood in 1974 and reese entered the Society of Jesus in 1962 .	I
Tartalo was blind , but not dead yet .	O
A right-arm offbreak bowler and he is a right-handed batsman .	I
Margaret did not rest in her defeat and did not recognise herself as overcome .	O
Chemical analogues of illegal drugs are developed and sold in order to circumvent laws .	O
According to las Casas , their language was unintelligible for the Taínos , but may have been similar to the Ciguayo ( Wilson , 1990 ) .	O
His name is Guy Prince ( Richard Edson ) , and hasn 't had a job in over 10 years .	O
Upon selection of a nesting site , the female will place herself there and will make guttural sounds to attract males to help build the nest .	O
Was dissatisfied with its preference for Catholic children but kathleen Lynn became vice president of SGCS in 1948 .	I
Changed its name to Micros Systems , Inc. in 1978 and the company was incorporated in 1977 as Picos Manufacturing , Inc. .	I
Had suspension designed around newer , wider tyres , but the 33 was almost identical to the 25 .	I
Tlass joined the Ba 'ath Party at the age of 15 , and met Hafez al-Assad when studying at the military academy in Homs .	O
In 1968 al-Assad managed to install Tlass as new Chief-of-Staff , and syrian defeat in the 1967 Six-Day War embarrassed the government .	I
It doesn 't end with the suffix " t " , but the HP Pavilion HDX is only sold with Intel processors .	I
They called Noah " old man , " and asked him what the Ark was for .	O
God took two stars from the Pleiades and brought the Flood on the world .	O
Brought the Flood on the world and god took away two stars from it .	I
Incorporation papers were signed on that day and a board of directors was created .	O
Three other locomotives were built for the Middleton colliery , and the railway was locomotive-operated for more than twenty years .	O
Departing Moor Road , are a selection of locomotives and rolling stock stored on sidings before the tunnel .	O
Allows the railway to pass under the M621 motorway and the tunnel is the only one located on the route .	I
Z and between negative infinity ) .	I
Ran the clothing brand Louis Roth Clothes and his maternal grandfather , Harry Roth , founded .	I
Mina sued for divorce from Earl P. Rand in January 1918 and became Dr. Crandon 's 3rd wife a few months later .	O
Quoted him as saying " I chucked it in the box meself and in 1959 , author William Lindsay Gresham accused Collins of placing the ruler .	I
The committee was asked to depart and she was carried out of the room .	I
May intimidate him into uncertainty about the next few balls , and such a bouncer requires the batsman to avoid being hit .	I
Many classes focus on or include environmental issues .	O
The original purpose of Osler 's journal club was " for the purchase and distribution of periodicals to which he could ill afford to subscribe . "	O
It became Elmer Candy Corporation around 1914 , and elmer 's five sons joined the business .	I
Found a new society based on good and paul promises to end the Messiah 's evil .	I
Employed a Catholic Canon Lawyer to defend their case and the congregation remaining loyal to their Priest petitioned the Vatican .	I
It 's far too patchy to be considered better than the debut , but he wrote that the album " contains a couple should-be successful singles .	I
It thus applied pressure but not irresistible pressure .	O
Following a bye in Week 8 Burris started in Week 9 but was once again unable to lead the Redblacks to victory .	O
This was the home of Lady Death now , and Purgatori knew all about her from studying Marion .	O
She killed Kabala and Jade escaped .	O
Purgatori sensed the Saviour had failed in his plan , and she took Chastity with her , attacking Ernie herself .	O
Was attacked by Rubicante , Rath 's brother and travelling to Necropolis , she found it in ruins .	I
Nightmare was taken from her and used to attack Armageddon .	O
Was replaced with " Ritang " for the 1994 season and pagasa also retired the name " Ruping " for similar reasons .	I
Socially , it promotes Christian values as well as Romanian cultural values .	O
This venture was abandoned after high winds and repeated heavy snowfalls rendered it inoperable .	O
These waves add a new dimension to the ride and assist in propelling the guests along the River .	O
The length of the ride is 160 meters and has a vertical rise of 18 meters .	O
Configuration of the multi-paned steel windows with fanlights and toughened glazing is evident from the interior .	O
Began working as a police officer in Atlanta , Georgia and following his departure from WWE , Gordy retired from professional wrestling .	I
Presently the turntable is isolated from the network and secured with a low steel mesh fence .	O
Dismounted when they reached the swamp and the militia followed across the swollen river .	I
Meets clients at the bar and taylor goes to him for information .	I
He entered the ministry in 1840 and held various pastorates in Massachusetts .	O
Posted bail no further information is , but saleem Nafees Chisty was captured in January 2012 ; available .	I
Was a lecturer of Israeli culture at Minshar College in Tel Aviv , and he also taught creative writing at Ron Vardi Center for Gifted Children .	I
The sometimes distancing nature of true scientific texts and many scientific misconceptions occur because of faulty teaching styles .	I
Are unable to win seats but five other nationally represented parties compete .	I
Were venerated in their final resting-place as royal Christian , and with this new destination the bodies consented to be moved martyrs .	I
Another sister , Mildburg , remained among the Magonsaetan and governed the monastery of Much Wenlock in Shropshire .	O
Helped organize the first anti-slavery society in Illinois and he was a close friend of Elijah P. Lovejoy .	I
Music producer for the and quincy Jones was the musical supervisor film .	I
It airs three times weekdays and once on Saturday mornings .	O
Ali is the cousin of prophet Mohammed and also the fourth Khalif in Islam .	O
Balranald in Hay and it is in between Hay Shire .	I
His revisions were eventually implemented into many hospitals nationwide , and wright 's additions gained the attention of the nation .	I
Was hospitalized for tuberculosis from 1939 to 1942 and wright suffered chronic health problems following his war service .	I
Beat Darryl Pinckney to win the NABF Featherweight Championship and at the Miami Arena , Garcia moved down to Featherweight .	I
Ait was based in Bloomington , Indiana and was founded by Edwin George Cohen .	O
For the establishment of a peacekeeping force ( see IGASOM ) , and ghedi also made an appeal for international aid efforts to continue .	I
The original span was closed for rehabilitation , and both were opened to traffic in 1999 .	O
Dancing until the early hours of the morning and it is a somber , sacred occasion with music .	I
Both are popular cocktails in their own right and have been selected as IBA Official Cocktails .	O
Critics have been mostly positive to the series , but the games ' graphics have received mixed responses .	O
Grace lived in Newport , with Van doing a lot of traveling , and one article refers to an unhappy marriage with a period of discontent .	O
Mcsally ran for reelection in 2016 , and was unopposed in the Republican primary .	O
Conservative Review gave McSally a 37 % conservative score in 2018 , and Heritage Action for America gave her a 59 % conservative rating .	O
By extension germs too and alcohol denatures proteins very well .	I
It became fully operational in 1955 , and the British later rebuilt the airstrip .	I
Auden took an interest in the Vindhyan formations of the Himalayas and as a keen mountaineer founded the Himalayan Club in 1927 .	O
Wrests the brooch from him and lethbridge overtakes Drelincourt on the road .	I
He asked what the soldiers will eat , but is dismissively told " Only beans . "	O
The Senate did nothing about the problem , and the problem remained the same for centuries .	O
In 2004 , he was part of the Australian Olympic baseball team , and achieved a Silver Medal in the baseball tournament at the Athens Olympics .	O
Twist one upright to complete the four faced tetrahedronic pyramid and to do this , make the square faces face each other .	I
However , the Catholic church objected to the subject matter , and USPHS Surgeon General Thomas Parron would not release the film .	O
Tan was a member of the China national under-23 football team and played on the team in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing .	O
Fea changed its named to FEA-United and affiliated with the Florida AFL-CIO .	O
She sells her phone to Cheung and wan is being chased by loan sharks .	I
" very nearly a detective story in period costume " " and jane Aiken Hodge describes it as a " neat comedy .	I
Is widely known for its monthly Ifo Business Climate Index for Germany and as one of Germany 's largest economic think-tanks , it analyses economic policy .	I
He promptly goes to Lucy 's side and looks teasingly at her downcast face .	O
George goes off to look for Bab and she then walks away to find her aunt .	I
Then returns to place his dog as guard outside the house but on his wedding day Vieux Bois leaves his home for the church .	I
Dressed in a shroud , he is mistaken for a ghost and a couple of local peasants chase him with their pitchforks .	O
Sentenced to execution by burning and the couple are condemned as sorcerers .	I
He has an estate in Berkshire , as well as a home in London .	O
Beverley spends some time at his home , and he was at Oxford with Beverley Brandon .	I
Was educated at the University of Kiel , and he was born at Emmerlef , Schleswig .	I
Is introduced to Simon Dickens , Head of Chancery and craig calls at the British Embassy to announce his visit .	I
Studying the samples without contamination and it also contains laboratories for processing .	I
Could provide up to 76GW of power and the country wind energy sector has significant potential .	I
During his time living in Kingwilliamstown he was accused and found guilty of shooting a Xhosa sheep rustler .	O
She 's 28 next season , and she 's catching up . "	O
Always end up being scolded by adults but children try to find space to play cricket .	I
Hezbollah in Lebanon since Israel has Syria and syria cooperates with Iran in sending arms to Palestinian groups , attacked .	I
Following the Iranian Revolution in 1979 , the two states become hostile and the current Iranian government does not recognize the existence of Israel .	O
Uosat-4 carried equipment to supplement UoSAT-3 , but failed after two days in orbit .	O
He averaged 7.8 points per game and served as the team captain .	O
After his studies he taught Latin in Newbridge College and then theology at Glenstal Abbey , County Limerick .	O
William was married to Holcroft 's own daughter , Anne , but died in 1561 , only a year after Holcroft himself .	O
Wuxi Grand Theater stands on the south bank of Taihu Lake and covers a total area of more than 70,000 square meters .	O
Every Cypriot was forced to ransom himself ; and the ships were loaded up with booty .	I
A series of toss-up questions is asked , and the first contestant to buzz-in may answer .	O
It is uninhabited and only grass-covered .	O
Club , The Players ( New York City ) and the play is held in Edwin Booth 's former home .	I
He also kept wicket and gloved two catches .	O
Has a height of 5 feet 10 inches and the Miss RD Internacional 2012 is 21 years old .	I
She was born in Santiago de los Caballeros but raised in Palmas de Mallorca , Spain .	O
Ogier took the lead of the rally early on the first day , and steadily built up a thirty-second lead over the rest of the field .	O
This was withdrawn the same year without receiving its BR number and 16905 , survived into British Railways ( BR ) ownership in 1948 .	I
" Sonic Seducer " " and by " Metal Hammer .	I
Signal Processing and Wireless Communications	O
It began as a community school and now houses bilingual elementary students .	O
Played his last Primera match against Alajuelense on 9 April 1995 , and he made his Primera debut against Herediano on 11 May 1975 .	I
Fuller is a widower and has 4 children .	O
The first matches of the season were played on 25 August 2013 , and the season ended on 22 June 2014 with the promotion play-off finals .	O
14 point guard and the No .	O
" Focke Wolf " was written by Eddie Stanton and recorded previously on " The Whinging Album " .	O
Lost at night in the countryside , Jugal , his wife and daughter reach a farmhouse in the outskirts of the village .	O
" Love It or List It Vancouver	O
He was a Deputy Lieutenant of Staffordshire , and High Sheriff of the county in 2003-4 .	O
Also had schooling at Minneapolis Normal School and he attended college at the Minneapolis Business College .	I
He was elected in nonpartisan elections , but he caucused in the conservative caucus .	O
Connects the Wusong River via Huodi Pond to the Grand Canal , and dushu Lake is connected to the Jinji Lake by two waterways .	I
The Price character dies in " The Star Brand " # 14 but is later reborn as a temporary holder of the Star Brand .	O
Elona entered the house on Day 1 and is known for her controversial thoughts .	O
Joana Gjuzi is 26 and lives in Tirana .	O
Shpend Zenuni is 30 years old and is from Pristina , Kosovo .	O
She consulted producers Salaam Remi , The Runners , J. Phoenix and frequent collaborator Shep Crawford to help work on the album .	O
Leads a life full of troubles , but césar Toledo became a powerful businessman .	I
Two other victims are the designer and former model Rafaela Leila Sampaio .	O
Translated into Chinese from another language or the work may be written in Chinese .	I
Cortner 's face hit the steering wheel and it appeared he began bleeding internally .	O
Mittelsee Nature Reserve and " Spyckerscher See	I
Backed the pace down via his team radio , but froome put Wiggins into difficulty at one point .	I
He was taken prisoner by the Ottoman Empire and had to be ransomed by the church .	O
Brunel approached Samuel Bentham the Inspector of Naval Works , and maudslay made working models of the machines for making pulley blocks , General .	I
The tunnel surface behind it would be lined with brick , and periodically the shield would be driven forward by large jacks .	I
Was almost totally paralysed on his right side and in 1845 Brunel suffered another , more severe stroke .	I
After 1066 , King William I of England , and harold Godwinson owned the land at one point .	I
Crossways still exists in substantially the same manner and form as when it was originally built .	O
This became British Insulated Callender 's Cables ( BICC ) , and eventually Pirelli , which announced its partial closure in 2003 .	O
" , " Comic Book Capers " and " Birth of Negaduck ! " .	O
Manor of Hendon around the 13th century and golders Green has been a place in the parish since .	I
The first , Golders Green Synagogue , started in 1915 and its current building in Dunstan Road opened in 1922 .	O
During the summer , children 's activities are organised and there is often live music on the bandstand .	O
Ran until the early 1960s and trolley buses were introduced in 1936 .	I
Most of the terraces are pre-1920s and the flats converted from them .	O
Is linked to the area by the frequent H12 bus service and pinner town centre , to the southwest , offers many additional amenities .	I
Is voiced by Charles Martinet and he was created by Fumihide Aoki .	I
A large rectangular building which was probably a temple , and inside its rampart 15 circular hut sites were found .	I
Also the site of Middlesex University Business School , and civic centre for the London Borough of Barnet .	I
A small obelisk in the hotel garden dedicated to William Shakespeare and David Garrick originally stood in Manor Hall Road until 1957 .	O
It was pulled down in 1979 and the site redeveloped for housing .	O
A part of Ossulstone Hundred in and it was then outside the City 's jurisdiction Middlesex .	I
The site is now occupied by Sainsbury 's head office , but the Daily Mirror offices used to be directly opposite it .	I
The crematorium is a red brick building in Lombardic style and was built in stages , as money became available .	O
Were scattered here , are or among those whose ashes are retained :	I
" Have at thee , then , my merrie boyes , and beg for old Ben Pimlico ’ s nut-brown ale " .	O
Over 500 pauper lunatics resided in closed wards , and it remained the Naval Lunatic Asylum until 1818 .	O
The Roman Catholic secondary school Douay Martyrs was built in 1962 and later expanded onto the former site of Swakeleys School nearby .	O
Labour regained the ward in the full council election of May 1994 , and held all three seats until a further by election in September 2004 .	O
" Santander Cycles " and " Barclays Cycle Superhighway " :	I
Endowed it with the same lands in his will and in 1443 he founded All Souls ' College , Oxford .	I
It is now an Indo-Chinese fusion restaurant and bar called " Blue Ginger " .	O
The nature reserve is visible , but not open to the public .	O
The local authority is Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council .	O
Merged once more in Wembley Urban District and in 1934 the Kingsbury Urban District was abolished .	I
Knightsbridge is home to many of the world 's richest people and has some of the highest property prices in the world .	O
Some emerged at their specific sites and stayed spiritually in that vicinity .	O
Went somewhere else and others came from somewhere else . "	I
Land value fell around Mayfair , and some leases were not renewed .	O
The Mayfair premises closed in 2015 , but the company retains an online presence .	O
It is now a craft village and its waterwheel has been preserved .	O
Is buried there and he died in Mortlake .	I
Industries sprung up in the south of the area , and by 1949 , Neasden 's population was over 13,000 .	O
Earned his Dr. Philos and he studied under Vilhelm Bjerknes .	I
In 1595 , and proceeded B.D .	O
He had a fielding percentage of .945 and his batting average in the minors was .258 .	I
Ashihara established branches in Japan and spread throughout the world .	O
The House of Representatives resolution failed , but the Senate approved negotiations with Canada .	I
Was promptly hired at and sweeney resigned a week	I
Its porch may have been removed and the main entryway may have been altered .	I
Has an area of about and the castle site is very large .	I
Moved to Rose Hill Farm and he retired to Davenport in 1854 .	I
He was also an avid collector of song poems , and initiated the " MSR Madness " series of compilations .	O
1758-1771 ) , Muggletonian , was a watch and clock maker in Leadenhall Street , London .	O
His share of the vote fell back , but at the 1907 by-election he stood again .	I
It is old Booty running into hell , but capt Barnaby said " I do not doubt . "	I
Mrs Booty was very much displeased and went to court about it .	O
He ends up becoming highly addicted to it and it makes him operate at high speeds .	O
Lois volunteers to give up one of hers , but is informed that she isn 't a match .	O
Stephens is licensed to practise before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and has made several legal interventions in the European Court of Human Rights .	O
There is considerable confusion about the absolute stereochemical configuration of voacamine and the originally published absolute structure had to be later revised .	O
The complex includes the Jericho Synagogue , built 7050 BC and identified as one of the oldest synagogues ever found .	O
In the palace were a magnificent hall , a luxurious bathhouse , and a pair of deep pools , which were apparently ritual baths .	O
Rumaliza first had to look after his people at Lake Tanganyika , but in 1893 Tippu Tip advised Rumaliza to retire from the trade .	I
As a captain of the Hallamshire Volunteer Rifle Corps , and augustus also served as a vice consul for Brazil .	I
Provided incentives available only when playing cooperatively , and the developers placed emphasis on cooperative gameplay .	I
Cosby then attended the University of Richmond , the University of Virginia , and the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , receiving a degree from each college .	O
As of 1993 , Kaytee had 365 employees and annual sales of about $ 70 million .	O
Mary is absorbed in her reading and seemingly unaware of her surroundings .	O
Occupy their own distinct quarters , but the community live religious settlements .	I
He is stopped by Dare who Billy from years past , but this angers Dee , who nearly allows the Sphinx to kill Billy , knows .	I
Was later released on June 9 , 2010 , but lee was signed on May 20 , 2010 .	I
In September 2017 , it complied with federal court order and combined the high schools as Cleveland Central High School .	O
Continued to broadcast on the internet , and the school retained the studio facilities .	I
An MP is me just I do and he once told 7.30 , " I 'm a Christian first — what . "	I
Are then smoked over a wood fire and the peppers are dried naturally in the sun .	I
Was resident artist in New York City ( Staten Island ) and in 2001-2002 he received a couple of invitations from the United States .	I
An island platform for a of four tracks , and sawara Station has a single bay platform serving two tracks , total .	I
The new editor was a Communist , however , and this alienated the non-Communist majority of IWW members .	O
Was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel in " and " Gazelle " was ordered under the contract name " G 1897 .	I
The mine explosion tore off both of her screws and she had to be towed back to port .	O
It hosts more than 230 industries and is home to 150,000 residents .	O
An antipyretic substance and phenicarbazide is a semicarbazide .	I
It began on October 3 , 2008 and ended on May 16 , 2009 .	O
Is one of the oldest newspaper in Italy and it is the main newspaper in the Northeast Italy .	I
Currently serves as the administration center for the region and xinying was the seat of the former Tainan County Government .	I
Views Rabbi Avraham Shapira as his mentor , and he studied at Mercaz HaRav in Jerusalem .	I
Kills Whistler and jax shoots back .	I
Burn them in a furnace at the local morgue and the pair then retrieve the corpses from the police site .	I
Lets it go , but clay looks surprised .	I
Decide to steal it and kids on bicycles see this .	I
For the Buffalo Bills in 2003 and he played two years for the Bears .	I
A playground for children and he set up a chapel .	I
James went to Edna Karr Magnet High School and after he graduated went to West Hills .	O
An M.B.A. degree ( 1964 ) from the of Michigan ) and legacki received both a bachelor 's degree in history ( 1962 University .	I
They were quite conscious about it and preferred to cover up . "	O
In the process people leapt on Sa 'd , and someone wrongly said that he had been killed .	O
Ignored Sa 'd's defiance and abu Bakr accepted this advice .	I
Let us go to Qays ibn Sa 'd and speak to him about his brother . "	O
Attended the High School of Dundee and fulton was born in Dundee in 1902 .	I
Later a post office operated from 1880 to 1914 , and a United States post office was established in 1856 .	I
Then smoothing it to form a container and pottery was made by coiling clay into shape .	I
Finished the season 11th in ranking and in 2013 he was on Challenge Tour .	I
Entered the Central Pacific Hurricane Center 's area of responsibility and dalilia crossed 140 ° W shortly after reaching its maximum intensity .	I
He was wounded in 1917 and discharged the following year .	O
This community had full autonomy to organize itself economically and militarily , as it was a frontier territory .	O
Now he 's walking and the bear missed the train .	I
The bear missed the train and now he 's walking .	O
Has since been removed but another property was once listed .	I
The squadron soon operated on routes throughout Europe and also became mainly manned by Canadian personnel .	O
Another church , dedicated to the Saints Constantine and Helena , was inaugurated in late 1935 .	O
Has spread across East Asia and the style is Chinese in origin .	I
Was taken back in 1819 after a rebellion , and manipur became a Burmese territory again in 1814 .	I
Resident Commissioner Currently Kerala House offers accommodation facility to members of assembly and other politicians from Kerala who visit New Delhi on official duty .	O
Is assisted by seven Assistant Liaison Officers and liaison Wing is headed by the Liaison Officer .	I
Until December 31 , 2008 , there were 34 municipalities , and until December 31 , 2004 , there were 48 municipalities .	O
The larger municipalities are organized in Kommunusamskipan Føroya ( KFS ) and the smaller are organized in Føroya Kommunufelag ( FKF ) .	O
Danny also voted , debated and lobbied on matters including :	O
They remain in these cells for some time and give rise to 8 to 30 merozoites .	O
Has since been removed but another property was once listed .	I
Was on committees dedicated to helping people and lady Ewart-Biggs spoke on home affairs , Ireland .	I
Another property was once listed but has since been removed .	O
Black with white trim and the school colors are red .	I
Recently , the women 's rugby team competed and placed 11th at the Collegiate Rugby Championship .	O
Stayed in the department as counselor until June 1950 but kennan resigned as director of policy planning in December 1949 .	I
Walthall was excluded from his church in 1896 and ostracized by the Red River Baptist Association .	O
Feral domestic cats and these are brown rats .	I
It closed not long after opening and was another box office failure .	O
Common grackles are less sexually dimorphic than larger grackle species but the differences between the sexes can still be noticeable .	O
They also export products to 52 countries and have locations in the Middle East .	O
In 1986 , he trained for the Army at Sandhurst and was commissioned as an officer in the Royal Engineers .	O
The production team doubted he would proceed much further when recording resumed , but he went on to win the top prize of £ 1 million .	O
As many as 150 members singing or choruses may have as few as 12 .	I
Divorced in and they wed in 1952 1972 .	I
In 2008 was selected to the Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame , and byrd is a 1980 inductee of the Boston University Hall of Fame .	I
Applying the previous theorem to implies formula _ 60 is not bounded and there exists such that for all " k " ≥ N ,	O
Two months later he was back at Gramophone , and performed for them in several sessions through 1908 .	O
In 1992 , the Polytechnic was granted university status and accordingly changed its name to South Bank University .	O
The city was compelled to open its gates to the victors , but was not plundered by the victorious troops after high reparations payments .	O
Stone from this area was later quarried and used to build the stone buildings .	O
Appearance packages and special versions	I
Assagioli termed ' the sphere of aesthetic experience , creative inspiration , and higher states of consciousness ... the " higher unconscious " ' .	O
Might perhaps be linked with the hegemony of the lower unconscious , and the first stage could be described as ' having no will .	I
In 1967-68 , the Rangers were first again in the OHA and went on to win their second consecutive Hamilton Spectator Trophy .	O
The Auditorium was built in 1951 and underwent major renovations in 2002 .	O
He then went to the University of Exeter and graduated with a degree in sports science .	O
Equivalent to the final procurement cost of two Lockheed U-2 spy planes , or the final cost of the completed tunnel was over US $ 6.5M .	I
Was the best student in the school and élie Cartan entered an elementary school in Dolomieu .	I
Married on September 11 , 1965 and they were engaged over Christmas in 1964 .	I
He joined the Communist Party of Vietnam in 1959 , and became a functionary of the party in the 1970s .	O
Arms in England therefore descend to all of the male lines , and not just the most senior alone ( unlike in Scotland ) .	O
A preliminary sketch will then be approved and sent to the petitioner for approval .	O
Few written sources ( not even Burney 's ) showed the ornamentation , and it was this that created the legend of the work 's mystery .	O
Behold , I was shapen in wickedness : and in sin hath my mother conceived me .	O
Take not Thy Holy Spirit from me : and cast me not away from Thy presence .	I
Maintain a slightly elevated pressure and special air handlers filter the air .	I
He is currently a co-maintainer of the Ext3 file system and the journaling layer for block devices ( JBD ) .	O
The aircraft was built in 1966 , and had 44,000 hours of airframe time .	O
She was good in bed , and she could keep a secret .	O
Decorated in an Art Deco design of jet-black and gold , it offers a nightly cabaret .	O
They did it and they knew their duty .	I
Nevertheless , some Rangers did wear badges , and the first of these appeared around 1875 .	O
The Marunouchi Building in , and tokyo Station opened in 1914 1923 .	I
Local government in Poland in 1921-1939 and kielce Voivodeship was a unit of administrative division years .	I
He contested the parliamentary seat of Hammersmith North in 1966 , and Romford in 1970 , before being elected in February 1974 .	O
However , services are relatively slow and infrequent compared with neighbouring countries .	O
The meeting was supposedly secret , but was known to Italian intelligence .	O
The reference code is public domain software and the optimized code is under GPL .	O
Continued through 1914 with the emergence of the First World War and a diaspora in high numbers took place after its unification in 1861 .	I
However , the Italian language is today spoken and understood by 66 % of the population .	O
Most of it is less than 4 metres deep , and the lake reaches a depth of about 5.7 metres .	I
The play is described as " a faith-based production " and is set in a small town in south Georgia .	O
Full load and displacement was standard .	I
Found itself in the basement of English football – and palace finished fourteenth – just below the cut .	I
The 1960 – 61 season saw Palace gain promotion , and new chairman Arthur Wait appointed Arthur Rowe as manager .	I
Won the Full Members Cup and the club also returned to Wembley .	I
Released three studio albums and the band existed until 1997 .	I
The band had been kept a secret since 2003 and was revealed together with their self-titled debut album .	O
Dubbel ( Abbey dubbel , 7 % ABV ) and Tripel ( Abbey tripel , 9.5 % ABV )	O
' Happy Knappy ' is vocalist Brandon Boyd , and 'brandy Flower ' is an actual Sony employee .	I
He lived in Pike County and later in Howard County .	O
Even to advise unless the church asks them to do so , nor the council has no authority to act on local church matters .	I
Pale green in color , with a gently undulating , warty surface and the cultivar common in China is long , oblong with bluntly tapering ends .	I
( 1 ) Sheffield Sharks vs. ( 8 ) Birmingham Bullets	O
( 5 ) Doncaster Panthers vs. ( 4 ) Manchester Giants	I
He also played in the Hula Bowl and was named to three all-conference teams .	O
She suffered a head injury in May 2016 and was unable to return to competitive sport .	O
Qiao Qiao both committed suicide and at the end , Xiao Ju .	I
Shen Qi rushes in , but it was too late .	O
They later met again and ended up together .	O
Glantz was a native of Nebraska and attended the University of Nebraska .	O
The Leg & paul Vickers	I
Played football while he attended Stanford University and andrews was born in San Diego , California .	I
Batted .301 in 45 games and he returned to Springfield after rehabilitation .	I
He was not placed on the disabled list , and he returned to action a few games later .	O
He played college football at Southwestern Oklahoma State University and attended Hominy High School in Hominy , Oklahoma .	O
After his death it was in decline but comenius tried to lead the Unity in exile .	I
Raised in Amsterdam and hendrik Koot was born .	I
The Nazi authorities were displeased , and dutch police response was moderate .	I
Totally renovated in 2007 and it was opened in 1914 .	I
Did not become universal until the 14th but the rain-guard presumably originated in the 13th century .	I
Captaincy to vice captain Lahiru Thirimanne for other three ODIs and after the fourth ODI , Sri Lanka skipper Angelo Mathews was injured shifted .	I
Before the draw , the 96 teams were divided into 48 seeded and 48 unseeded teams , based on their 2002 UEFA club coefficients .	O
Gave annually a large number of prizes for proficiency in Bible knowledge , and he was a member of the Cardiff school board for twenty-three years .	I
He leaves in a rush to find them and sonia was cleaning Pedro 's wounds from the fight .	I
Travelled around Britain for this purpose , and she had to visit various museums .	I
Attended Kenwood High School in Clarksville , Tennessee and he played college football at the University of Kentucky .	I
Medically redshirted in 2010 and he was redshirted in 2006 .	I
Died at Birkdale also then in and he was born at Bolton le Moors , Lancashire , Lancashire .	I
The citadel was probably completely demolished and then rebuilt by the Arabs .	O
An honorary member of the " Schwäbischer Heimatbund " and bacmeister was a member of the German Ornithologists ' Society .	I
Before the draw , the 48 teams were divided into 24 seeded and 24 unseeded teams , based on their 2002 UEFA club coefficients .	O
Williams received a second opinion from an independent specialist at the Cleveland Clinic and was told he would have to undergo surgery to remove bone spurs .	O
Jason was nominated on Day 31 and faced a fake double eviction .	O
Is also a magician but he is an electrical apprentice .	I
Lawson was nominated on Day 31 and faced a fake double eviction .	O
He is a model and a fitness trainer .	O
Faced a fake double eviction and sandra was nominated on Day 31 .	I
Was succeeded by Farpoint ( 1993 ) ) and the convention was the successor to ClipperCon ( 1984-1989 – present .	I
Herbert Fisher , and a. Stunz .	I
The song featured words written by Hamasaki , and music by Japanese music producer Tetsuya Komuro .	O
His team then defeated Sohseikan High school , and proceeded to compete in the Summer Koshien .	O
That doesn 't mean they 're not serious , but custard aren 't about to stop making you smile . "	I
Is classified as an IUCN Category Ia protected area and eba Island conservation park was constituted by statute in 1972 .	I
That it would have benefited from directorial finesse , but they felt it was " entertaining enough " .	I
Was posted in Tekrit in Iraq and he then joined the 116 Marathas regiment .	I
Hermes becomes depressed and kills himself .	O
She 's thrown from the cruiser and Rufus follows her on Opperbot .	O
In June 2013 he was promoted to the reserves in Segunda División , but was loaned to CF Badalona in Segunda División B on 16 August .	O
Of the Christian faith and sserwanga is a married father .	I
The iris is dark and the legs are dull greyish .	I
He then moved to Oakham in Rutland and was at the Leicester Tigers Academy .	O
The Iturbide family moved to England , and spain pressured Tuscany to expel Iturbide .	I
The National Congress , First Constitutional Emperor of Mexico . and his Imperial Majesty Don Agustín I , By Divine Providence	I
Von der Lasa was regarded by some as the world 's best , and in the late 1840s some UK commentators wrote that Buckle was stronger .	I
Has appeared regularly on the programme ever since and he was invited to participate during the following year .	I
Early sessions were awkward , but he accepted the invitation .	I
Other singles performed relatively poorly , but 8 in the UK ) .	I
Eastwest financed expensive music videos and heavily promoted their releases .	O
His parents were second-generation Americans , and roth 's family was Jewish .	I
It can 't compete with the computer screen , and it couldn 't compete with the television screen .	I
Drake was married twice and had three sons .	O
They then signed to the European label SPV , and in early 2004 released " Monolithic Baby ! "	O
Bruce Murray was selected in the Veteran category , and Bob Gansler was elected in the Builder category .	O
In February 1790 , Latrobe married Lydia Sellon , and they lived a busy social life in London .	O
Then introduced to the royal family in the salon of the queen , and at the palace , she was first presented for the royal court .	I
Her work for the so-called new evangelical movement was quite significant , and queen Sophia was after 1878 much engaged in her religious interests .	I
Went to Cuba and montez immediately posted bail .	I
Talking to each other and " We 're all circling .	I
Ends up in bed surrounded by them and evil , Powers is confronted by the fembots .	I
Continued to issue writs of prohibition against the High Commission , and after the conclusion of this dispute , Coke freely left .	I
After several months he stepped aside , but notable resistance came from Carl Icahn .	I
Hope you don 't mind , and hope you like it . '	O
Turned to popping candy as a ... substitute and " The then California governor had quit smoking years before . "	I
The show was targeted for children and was intended to be educational .	O
Is now part of the Onestop franchise and overthorpe Post Office has recently undergone building work .	I
This left Phantom Lady 's Earth-X days written out of her history , and the Freedom Fighters became a mere splinter group of the All-Star Squadron .	O
Hybrids occur in the wild , and they are common in cultivation .	O
His father died when Mahomed was young , and sake Dean Mahomed grew up in Patna .	I
Children tattooed on his right upper-arm and koechner has the names of his wife .	I
Has been heavily vandilized but the yard tower still stands .	I
He is a Hohenzollern great-grandson of Germany 's last emperor Wilhelm II and a great-great-great grandchild of Victoria , Queen of the United Kingdom .	O
Then to attract the female to them and they do this to make them sound impressive .	I
He graduated from The Hill School in 1953 and then graduated from Princeton University in 1957 .	O
Using a cloning process , a small army of clones of Waspinator and many of his fellow Decepticons were created to battle the Autobots .	O
" Labrador " transported the artifacts to Halifax , Nova Scotia , and they were placed in the Maritime Command Museum ( 1961 ) .	O
Exposed especially to south-westerly winds and the location of both wind farms are lonely , prevailing .	I
Escort carriers also served as backup aircraft transports for fleet carriers and ferried aircraft of all military services to points of delivery .	O
Tanner moved to Paris , France , in 1891 to study , and continued to live there after being accepted in French artistic circles .	O
His mother Sarah Tanner was born into slavery in Virginia but had escaped to the North via the Underground Railroad .	O
Hechler served on the faculty of Columbia University , Princeton University , and Barnard College in the years leading up to World War ll .	O
Was unopposed for reelection in 1974 , and he easily won reelection in November .	I
She enjoyed the art of the Southwest United States and often traveled to Santa Fe , New Mexico .	O
For Johnny is a tradesman and he works in the Boro'	O
The non-ritual dance is performed by a solo male dancer , and is often the first dance that a budding dancer learns .	O
The Allies had launched a counter-attack and by August the German offensives had failed .	I
By then , the British had taken Baghdad and were gradually pushing the Ottomans further back .	O
The Allies reached and captured it .	O
Then reorganized into the following categories and in 2017 , the notices were reworded :	I
Was succeeded by Lieutenant General Andrew Leslie and he retired from the forces in June 2006 .	I
Ardath remained a member of the company ’ s board and took over the new title of Chief Inspiration Officer .	O
Worked for a publishing house and he earned a degree in literature .	I
Often several ) with unlimited ( and however , they required at least one partners liability .	I
She tries to buy Herbie back from Trip , but Trip has entered Herbie in a demolition derby .	O
Well as over 100 truck-loading terminals , as buckeye manages over of petroleum pipelines .	I
They are not instances of the corporate veil being pierced but instead involve the application of other rules of law .	O
Again in October 2010 , and 8 in January 2008 .	I
Never won a singles title on grass , but youzhny reached ATP finals on all surfaces .	I
3 Guillermo Coria in the first round , but lost to Feliciano Lopez in three sets .	O
He had earlier upset eighth ranked Tim Henman but lost in the quarterfinals to Radek Štěpánek .	O
This is his 9th doubles title and the last title so far .	O
Later , Youzhny reached the quarterfinal at Bankok and lost to Richard Gasquet in three sets .	O
Youzhny was good on all surfaces , and was noted for his all-court game .	O
These led to NASW giving more attention to the profession and more service to meet the needs of the category .	O
It is the second largest university in Ceará and the eighth best state university in Brazil .	O
Research ( PROPGPQ ) and dean of Graduate Studies	I
2 in the German Single Charts and garnered them a platinum record .	O
The turnstiles are located at platform level , and there is no free transfer between directions .	O
In the case of LINE Combatives , the system was repeatedly reviewed and approved for training by many units over more than two decades .	O
The northern taller tower is the bell tower , and the southern shorter tower is the clock tower .	O
12 million passengers in 2014 and 16 million in 2016 .	O
Bonaventure is called a graveyard , a town of the dead , but the few graves are powerless in such a depth of life .	O
The second was sent to Washington , D.C. and is now located in Reading , Pennsylvania .	O
Hidetada continued to rule as Ōgosho ( retired " shōgun " ) , but Iemitsu nevertheless assumed a role as formal head of the bakufu bureaucracy .	O
They sought a less-anglicized alternative to Wade – Giles , and french-appointed administrators ran the post office at this time .	I
The system had been developed in 1867 and was based on the Beijing pronunciation .	O
An ally of Captain Archer and jannar was a friend of Degra .	I
The cemetery was vandalised in the 1930s , but a number of graves still remain intact .	O
Well as the manuscripts of her correspondence with Julian Tuwim , as the library itself holds a collection of books about Papusza .	I
Feather pecking occurs frequently amongst commercially reared turkeys and can begin at 1 day of age .	O
Is also a professional poker player and he is still prominent within stand-up comedy .	I
Started producing new " Whispering Vault " material almost immediately " and in 2003 , Ronin Arts purchased " The Whispering Vault .	I
Took Kamakura for himself and takauji put down the rebellion .	I
Takauji announced his allegiance to the imperial court , but Emperor Go-Daigo sent Nitta Yoshisada to reclaim Kamakura .	O
Urban areas are usually above sea level and gently sloping to toward the hinterlands .	O
Furness was one of the most highly paid architects of his era , and a founder of the Philadelphia Chapter of the American Institute of Architects .	O
Eight men were killed and over ten wounded .	O
On 19 June , Pisciotta met with Colonel Luca and agreed to work with him to eliminate Giuliano .	O
Went on to live in the United States and according to some Giuliano fled from Sicily to Tunis .	I
Were used alongside the copper coins , and jiaozi did not replace metallic currency .	I
In 2003 , this was revised to inflation below , but close to , 2 % over the medium term .	O
Adult birds are sometimes caught and eaten by homeless people .	O
May be done without loss of generality , and this is only a matter of convention .	I
They exist in small numbers in the U.S. but are abundant in northwestern portions of Mexico .	O
Ended on February 5 , 1920 by Act of Philippine Legislature No ) and carpenter was created by " Philippine Commission Act 2309 " ( 1914 .	I
Nominated for a BAFTA award in 2000 and " Creatures Playground " was exhibited at E3 .	I
Few homeowners had access to a private bath and immediately after World War II , resources were scarce .	I
Ian Buruma became editor in September 2017 and left the post in September 2018 .	O
They rest their hands by looping the reins around their hips , but the Sami people use reindeer to tow themselves around on skis .	I
Was not initially able to muster strong resistance to the incursion , and at that time , the government was weak from internal squabbles .	I
Newburg Township was organized in 1858 , and named after the community of Newburg .	O
The Root River runs through it , and Mystery Cave State Park is nearby .	O
Preston Township was organized in 1858 , and named after the city of Preston .	O
Named for several springs within its borders , and spring Valley Township was organized in 1858 .	I
The median family income was $ 50,000 , and the median household income was $ 44,583 .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1993 , and a post office was established at Whalan in 1869 .	I
A post office was established at Manchester in 1878 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1974 .	O
Moscow Township was organized in 1858 , and named after Moscow , in Russia .	O
Pickerel Lake Township was organized in 1865 , and took its name from the Pickerel Lake .	O
Took its name from the Belle Creek , and belle Creek Township was organized in 1858 .	I
Cannon Falls is named for the falls along the Cannon River and serves as the western trailhead for the Cannon Valley Trail .	O
Amstelveen once was the fastest growing city in the Netherlands and has now grown to 81,003 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .	O
It lies at the mouth of the Vecht and is in an area called the Vechtstreek .	O
The Spanish then fired on the assembled citizens , and went on to set fire to the town .	O
116 are four of the main routes , and county Roads 10 , 19 , 30 .	I
Municipality in the northwestern and schagen ( ) is a city Netherlands .	I
In the early 20th century the population grew stronger but the real growth came after World War II .	O
Hassan was located along the south bank of the Crow River and bisected by Interstate 94 , approximately northwest of downtown Minneapolis .	O
56.7 % were of German , 7.6 % Irish and 6.2 % Norwegian ancestry according to Census 2000 .	O
Are in the Wayzata Post Office area and the headquarters of Cargill are located in Minnetonka .	I
Osseo incorporated in 1875 as a village and became a statutory city in 1972 .	O
66th Street , adjacent to Minneapolis – Saint International Airport and in 2007 , Cedar Point Commons opened in Richfield at Cedar Avenue Paul .	I
The average amount of snowfall is 54.4 inches , and the average amount of rainfall is 30.4 inches .	I
The average household size was 2.04 , and the average family size was 2.80 .	O
The average household size was 2.06 , and the average family size was 2.77 .	O
The city was incorporated in December 1948 , and the first year-round settlers arrived in 1882 .	I
Is part of the La Crosse , Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area and caledonia is a city in Houston County , Minnesota , United States .	I
Sioux Valley Township was organized in 1874 , and named for the Little Sioux River valley .	O
West Heron Lake Township was organized in 1874 , and named for its location west of Heron Lake .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1991 , and a post office was established in Wilder in 1886 .	I
Successfully charted in the US top 200 , peaking at 151 and the band released their debut album in March 2012 via Sumerian Records .	I
Had not been stamped in any way and prior to this passports had not contained photographs .	I
The Order drew its powers from the 1919 Act and granted a wide-ranging discretion to the Home Secretary .	O
He lost in the second round , but máximo González was the defending champion .	I
Charlie Harris ( USC with 11 each ) and the tournament 's leading scorers were Alan Gresham ( California ) , goals .	I
Something which is creating traction or it is usually an exclusive record .	I
Was developed into a canard configuration resembling a Rutan Long-EZ , but the Parrish Dart started in 1983 as a delta-winged design .	I
From the University of Idaho and in 1940 an M.S .	O
He continued at Multan Convent , Mayfair School of Calcutta and completed his bachelors from Forman Christian College , Lahore .	O
He resigned from the Army in 1957 and began his political career in 1958 .	O
Remarry another woman and nandakumar divorces his wife .	I
Anjali Devi had a sentimental attachment with the studio and most of her home productions were shot there .	O
He is divorced , and has three children .	O
At first , Joel is excited , but he has difficulty remembering the lines .	O
Destroys it and karamakate is furious .	I
Marrett was the youngest of 12 children and her parents only had a sixth grade education .	I
Joey Pigza Loses Control is a Newbery Honor book by Jack Gantos and is the sequel to " Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key " .	O
They were performed in Park Town near Central Station and such fights were a major attraction in Madras those days .	I
He changes her name to Kanmani and brings her up in luxury .	O
They all live happily thereafter and however , the truth comes out .	I
Showed great interest in the medieval time period and she attended Barnard College as a comparative literature major .	I
Goes on a tour during spring break and the Glee Club performs several concerts each year .	I
Gullo ended his leadership in 1967 and was succeeded by Lewis Spratlan .	O
The baptistry was added in 1921 and it was restored in 1951 .	O
Ganz was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1918 and was involved with the Republican Party In Buffalo County .	O
Filming took place in Manchester in March 2018 and it began broadcasting on 13 September 2018 .	O
Early promoter of the resurgence of Orthodox Judaism in America and albert Lucas ( 1859 – 1923 ) was a Jewish activist .	I
Lucas was one of eight directors , and served as secretary of the board .	O
Regards Shias as infidels killed thousands of them and while Iran is a Shia-dominant country , ISIL is ideologically anti-Shia , having .	I
Construction of the station started in 2007 , and it was opened on 9 November 2014 .	O
The company is now owned by him , and the acquisition was made by Market Tech .	I
Finished well back from the leaders and he shot rounds of 91-89 = 180 .	I
A B.S and degree in 1901 .	I
Her mother was a pianist of Guatemalan descent and her father was an Argentine- Italian diplomat .	O
Last updated in 2017 and templeos was released in 2013 .	I
Smith was a general merchant and coal dealer in Cupids .	O
Maginnis was abandoned on July 20 , 1890 and the buildings were sold to the public .	O
Roulet was an Honorary Chaplain for the Oklahoma Senate , and an Honorary Mayor of the City of Broken Arrow .	O
By the 1980s , multi-team meets were becoming increasingly popular and started taking its toll on Shelton 's entry list .	O
Alimandi was born in Rome in 1962 and was ordained a priest in 1992 .	O
It initially appeared that her treatment had been successful and nile was diagnosed with non-Hodgkins lymphoma in the early 2000s .	I
Commuter services operate to and from nearby Bath .	O
To the north leave from Queen Street , and services to the south leave from Central .	I
Inventive " in or sollers is " clever Latin	I
Telecommunications ( Cambodia and " Ministry of Posts )	I
Mixed at Livingston Studios by producer Marius De Vries and björk 's debut album Debut ( 1993 ) was recorded .	I
Santa meets the army on its way , and turns it back from attacking the daemons .	O
1995 was the first year for the show and saw the introduction of many original characters .	O
Jude breaks free of his clutches and he falls to his death .	O
Accused him of being a " rat " " and others have criticised his " pimp-like dress sense .	I
They eventually ended their feud and formed a tag team .	O
Volunteered her time at South Hampton County Animal Shelter and prior to her move to Washington Victoria lived in Virginia .	I
Falls in love with her without her background ) and shankar meets Pasupathy ’ s daughter , Uma ( Jayalalithaa , knowing .	I
Well as criminal penalties for violation of its provisions as it provided for the implementation of the Biological Weapons Convention .	I
Lost in the first round to Jocky Wilson but he then played in the 1982 Winmau World Masters .	I
In 1999 the P. C. Hooft Award , and in 1992 he won the Gouden Ganzenveer .	I
From 1946 to 1948 he attended the University of Kentucky and played with the Wildcats ' NCAA 1948 championship team .	O
Maranta was also both the friend and rival of Pietro Andrea Mattioli .	O
It housed a coal-fired plant until 1920 , and now serves as a local power substation .	O
Rejoined the following year but north left briefly in 2010 .	I
The Bowling Club provides leisure activities and also has an onsite ATM .	O
He had a very strict , religious upbringing and the Rosa family are members of the Pentecostal Church .	I
The drive showed her the many different faces of the area – but it was a long commute – even by Los Angeles standards .	I
Released January 30 , 2009 and the album was recorded in 2008 .	I
She participated in local competitions in Los Angeles and won her first award at age eleven .	O
Therefore at the apex of the military in Thailand and the headquarters is the supreme command of the armed forces .	I
Louis XIV was a major patron of the church and was generally opposed to granting privileges to Protestants .	O
Songwriter Paul Brady , his fifth solo album / primitive Dance is a 1987 album by Irish singer .	I
Other particles and summary of discourse :	I
Beeley not only participated in efforts to end the international crisis , but also chaired the Suez Canal Users ' Association in its aftermath .	O
Lectionary markings ( for liturgical use ) and synaxaria added by a later hand .	O
Players must complete the entire course with the puck , and having not lost any control whatsoever during their routine .	O
Placed second at the 1968 Olympics and next year they won the national title .	I
He made his views known only in the late 1620s , but stated that around 1605 he had already decided against predestination .	O
The father tiger happens to be nearby , though , and blames the magician for the death of his son .	O
She played first times for Turkey against Serbia and she scored 7 points in 23 minutes .	O
It is located on the eastern flank of Talybont Reservoir , and the summit at 551m is marked by a small cairn .	O
Is a Melkite Catholic and bitar is of Lebanese descent .	I
In the title match , Stanford stunned top ranked and previously undefeated Long Beach State in three sets .	O
North Hawthorne ’ s roundhouse was subsequently sold the same year , and the old car shop became not much more than a garage .	O
Is not as good as the Chinese version ) ( and the US version has been modified per FDA guidance .	I
Took 2nd place in the discus but he finished 4th in the shot put .	I
With the Midwest Invasion over the Nigerians returned to Nsukka and began planning an invasion of the Biafran Capital Enugu .	O
Started 27 of them and he played in 44 games .	I
It now operates as a subsidiary called MixRadio Ltd and microsoft sold the service to the LINE Corporation in 2015 .	I
Deported to Arkhangelsk Governorate and in 1894 he was arrested .	I
Others committed infanticide when their babies were born , and many pregnant Nanking women killed themselves in 1938 .	I
They had hot water but no other heat .	O
Are twin houses that look virtually identical , and the houses were both built in 1900 .	I
The system intensified into a tropical storm shortly thereafter , but high wind shear initially prevented much change in strength .	O
Played with them in the 1940-41 Serbian League and in August 1940 he moved to ŠK Bata Borovo .	I
In the repechage she beat Elif Jale Yeşilırmak , and then Yuliya Ratkevich in her bronze medal match .	O
Likely have an adverse effect on agricultural land and the project would alter the region 's water balance .	I
须 ( Xū ) / his personal name was 須 .	I
Foundation is open source and available on GitHub .	O
Developers are encouraged to participate in the project and make their own contributions to the platform .	O
Two white feet bred in Britain by M. Ryan and intrepidity was a dark bay mare with a white star .	I
The weight was 5cwt , and the cost 95 guineas .	O
Has reinterpreted a number of iconic works from European art history " and gupta , from India , considers himself an " idol thief .	I
Indirectly embellished as commentary of contemporary events or " Mona Lisa " replicas are sometimes directly .	I
Thereafter , Ritika is found dead and all fingers point towards Vikram .	O
The main narrative is set thirty years later in Edinburgh and is told from the viewpoint of three main characters :	O
Spent the rush hours busking the busy London tube stations , and in London he set up a studio at his home .	I
Another ship was bought in 1976 and named " Dwejra II " .	O
The " Pinto " was sold in 1998 and a year later its replacement was bought .	O
Igsu is accountable for the construction and maintenance of public ABC shelters .	O
A right-arm medium bowler and vadavathy is a right-handed batsman .	I
His first 10 games and fsv Mainz 05 II 's .	I
Picked on Lusaka for his new home and in 1973 , he decided on a move .	I
The left-footed Mwila worked hard in the reserve side and made it into the first team in 1965 .	O
Signed for Villa for two years and they arrived in Birmingham in August 1969 .	I
Yannick Noah was the defending champion , but lost in the semifinals this year .	O
His father is a painter and was his first teacher .	O
Damage any ships or she did not sink .	I
" U-342 " served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla , for training and then with the 7th flotilla for operations from 1 March 1944 .	O
Set up a studio with Stone and in 1997 , he moved to Brighton .	I
The club was founded in 1965 under the name of OKK Svetozarevo , but they failed to complete the first competitive season due to financial problems .	O
It opened in April 1959 , and hancock Street , was completed .	I
Tacoma Avenue , closer to the business district and a ( now defunct ) streetcar line .	O
Official ratings are taken from BARB and include Channel 5 + 1 .	O
Include Channel 5 + 1 and official ratings were taken from BARB .	I
Very heavy for transportation and heavy cannon were very expensive .	I
Gave consent to establish trade schools in Lviv and august 1 , 1896 the Ministry of Education faiths .	I
Was Master of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers in 1705 , and he followed his father into the ironmongery trade of London .	I
He was Alderman of Cheap Ward from 29 July 1707 , and of Bridge Without from 25 January 1733 until his death .	O
This induces an action on the polynomials in the , and the symmetric group acts on the by permuting them .	I
Well as Nash under his name Terius Nash as production of the song was helmed by Guetta , Tuinfort production .	I
The Ku band antenna operates at up to 150 Mbit / s and the S band antenna at up to 5 Mbit / s .	O
Built this house in 1790 and john Palmer moved to this area .	I
The tournament began on November 9 and will end on November 11 .	O
Ace plays drums well , but suffers from stage fright .	O
His school wins and is saved .	O
Scott 's fourth solo album received the Album of the Year award and Best Contemporary Instrumental Album award from the 2016 ZMR Music Awards .	O
Was raised in Argentina and he was born in Copenhagen .	I
The series aired five times a week , and Oostveen appeared in over 200 episodes altogether .	O
He came to California in 1872 and to Los Angeles in 1876 .	O
There was a boiler which has had test excavation and can be regarded as a potential archaeological resource .	O
Two of the sites exhibit evidence of Late Archaic occupation , and all are likely to provide additional information through further excavation .	O
Lingard is a cousin of Everton and England international footballer Gabrielle George .	O
It was a complex election campaign , but one that was fascinating to follow .	O
It was set up in 1969 and has its headquarters in Dharmshala .	O
He resigned in March 2006 , and was succeeded by Gunnar Bovim .	O
He is a former chairman of Logica and a former finance director of GUS .	O
J.b. provided the music and bellamkonda Suresh produced the film .	I
Finds he is out of bullets , but he attempts to shoot Wade again .	I
The last PACT has a Reduce Input Contract and forwards its result to the data sink .	O
They go to Bholi and tell the number .	O
Ended on 6 June 2014 and it premiered on 5 November 2012 .	I
This contradicts both experimental evidence and the principle of causality .	O
She did her Class 12 in Dubai and moved to Bengaluru for higher education .	O
The organization sought to bring together Christian artists and pursued the creation of an artistic union .	O
Jesse goes ahead with wedding plans and finding their first shared house .	O
She decides to intervene to operate on Adele and this time the surgery involved is Mo 's specialty .	I
Not to criticise anyone or speak bad words .	O
After the World Cup in Brazil , the same headquarters began and led the qualifying for the UEFA Euro 2016 in France .	O
Retiring from music in 2000 , Susan left San Francisco , and returned to Colorado , to care for her aging parents .	O
The blast killed 23 people and another 30 were injured .	O
Not cause the GC32 to fly , but these were designed to reduce displacement .	I
It could carry a bomb load and had three defensive gun positions .	O
" an interesting book , but a narrow one . "	O
Here he was spotted by Alloa Athletic in 1985 , and went on to have 3 successful seasons with them .	O
Williams studied at the University of Aberystwyth and at the Royal Academy in London .	O
Served as district attorney and price returned to Juneau County .	I
At least 36 people were killed and 47 injured in the incident .	O
Construction began in November 2012 and ended in September 2015 .	O
" J. W. Pankhurst & amp ; Co .	O
She also finished third at the 1993 World Trophy and second at the 1997 European Mountain Running Trophy .	O
Finds were spread throughout the different areas that were excavated but all of the areas were consistent with the others .	O
No German soldiers were wounded , and the German positions were held .	O
Died down by evening , and taliban activity dropped sharply .	I
After graduation he attended Lehigh University ( ' 89 ) and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( ' 92 ) .	O
Samuel Church retired from the firm in 1938 , and head draftsman Earle F. Prout became a partner .	O
The third state worldwide to legalise euthanasia and luxembourg was the third European Union member state .	I
Has provided services to more than 30,000 families and the group has 3000 volunteer photographers around the world .	I
Was buried in Masjid al-Sahlah and ahmad died in al-Kufah in 894 .	I
During her time at APTN Pugliese won 3 Native American Journalism Awards and was nominated for a Canadian Association of Broadcasters Gold Ribbon Award .	O
Also served on the Iowa County Board of Supervisors and he also served as chairman of the Wyoming Town Board .	I
They decide to take away the lands and the gold of the Old People .	O
The following morning , Hannah wakes up in her high-rise penthouse and realizes that her loving family life was just a dream .	O
William was raised as an Episcopalian , and went to become a Wesleyan methodist .	O
- Arms III are longer and more robust than arms II	O
These elements are called " atoms " and they compose a " dictionary " .	O
It was then owned by Luis Ignacio Santibañez Patino , and it received its concession on May 15 , 1973 .	I
Fox Film Corporation produced and distributed the picture .	O
He was an editor and publisher by trade .	O
It has also attracted people from other faiths , but the fair has a religious significance to Hindus .	I
Received positive reviews from critics and the movie was a commercial success .	I
The fur trade dominated the economy for many years , and in Central Canada , the main staple was fur .	I
Other wood craft industries and ) , pool cue manufacturing .	I
They started manufacturing in Raymond , Mississippi , but their company ceased operation prior to 1966 .	O
He was prolific as a church composer in the post-Tridentine style , and became the foremost sacred music composer in Milan in his time .	O
Coriolanus became a leader of the neighbouring Volsci and led them against Rome , besieging it .	O
This series consisted of 116 episodes and concluded on 1 June 2001 .	O
Returned to the College of San Mateo for an associate and she worked on nursing units until she was almost 40 years old degree .	I
Expected to miss eight to ten weeks of the season and the next day , Smith was placed on the disabled list .	I
Roger goes missing at the bus ' first stop , and , thereafter , another passenger disappears at each stop .	O
Graduated in 1948 and he returned to Berkeley .	I
A seasonal community sprang up in the area , and gold was discovered along Porcupine Creek in 1898 .	I
He taught there until 1936 , and was named rector in 1928 .	O
Surrounds recorded a population of 211 and at the 2011 Australian Census Mount Whitestone .	I
Largely demolished in the 1970s and the railway was closed in 1950 .	I
Became an outdoor cooking expert and in 2000 he moved to Florida .	I
Vibrates her abdomen laterally and she points her head up .	I
Mac joined him ( summer 1939 ) and both continued mapping the groundwater resources .	O
Ruy Finch , HVO 's Director , was ill and asked MacDonald to join him ; he accepted .	O
Was awarded the Gold Medal in Bali and the German team " won " the final .	I
Said she " " particularly liked the understated ending " " , and one critic called it " " a meaty play " " .	I
He enlisted in the U.S. military in 1943 and became a naturalized citizen the next year .	O
Has been described as a " slow , romantic ballad and the song is about a man begging his woman to come back " .	I
Also taught at the International Space University and he completed research for the US Air Force .	I
Is now referred to as " Paternoster Midden " , and one of these midden sites is known as PNNA .	I
She published six books and edited six anthologies .	O
Has won the 2012 Ezra Jack Keats New Writers Award and it was first published on 14 June 2011 through Candlewick Press .	I
After UVA , Randolph entered the Virginia Theological Seminary and helped coach the Episcopal High School football team .	O
Was launched on 2 August 2013 and its keel was laid in April 2012 .	I
Began to show how to paint and her father took Escofet under her wing .	I
A gay artist friend married her which allowed her to work legally and she , later , obtained a job at The Redfern Gallery .	O
Is currently preparing to release a ready to wear fashion line and since 2006 , the company has been aiming at high end markets .	I
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and lyrics was written by Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair .	O
Lyrics was written by Poovachal Khader and the music was composed by Guna Singh .	I
The music was composed by Johnson and lyrics was written by Devadas .	O
Salini in lead and the film stars Babu Joseph roles .	I
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and lyrics was written by Poovachal Khader .	O
Lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala and the music was composed by Shankar Ganesh .	I
Even Rukmini heard people talking about Aravindakshan and she wants to meet him desperately .	O
Lyrics was written by Bichu Thirumala and the music was composed by Shankar Ganesh .	I
Lyrics was written by P Bhaskaran and the music was composed by KJ Joy .	I
This list is limited to bombings in Iraq and does not include other forms of attacks .	O
Her parents were James Barnes Benyon ( 1835 – 1907 ) and Rebecca ( Manning ) Beynon ( 1847 – 98 ) .	O
The AI developments proved much more difficult , but practical ASV radars were operational in 1940 .	I
Lasted till the fall of 2011 and the tour started in early January 2011 .	I
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and lyrics was written by Mankombu Gopalakrishnan .	O
The music was composed by Ben Surendar and lyrics was written by Sreekumaran Thampi .	O
Cries after the wedding and annie also attens the wedding .	I
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and lyrics was written by Chirayinkeezhu Ramakrishnan Nair .	O
The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran .	O
Lyrics was written by Mankombu Gopalakrishnan and the music was composed by Shankar Ganesh .	I
Lyrics was written by Sreekumaran Thampi and the music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy .	I
Lyrics was written by P. Bhaskaran and the music was composed by Jerry Amaldev .	I
However , the route has not been closed , but was protected until 2007 under a Schleswig-Holstein-wide agreement .	O
He returned to North Melbourne in 1911 and then spent a season with Carlton .	O
Ernst now styled himself " Ernst I " and in 1826 , the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha was created .	I
Seven of the aftershocks were close to the epicenter and two more were in the state of Chiapas .	O
She made it through to the Bootcamp round , but was eliminated in the last round of it .	O
Engineer Charles H. Zimmerman viewed the S-2 trials in Washington and later applied the principles to the Vought XF5U program .	O
Regarded them as a main Christmas gift and children expectantly received a selection box each year .	I
He was born on the day of Ram navami and was therefore named as " Ram Yaad " .	O
Taught him about Brahma Vidya and paramhans Swamiji gave diksha to him .	I
When he was 11 years old , Narhari Prasad died and after some years wife of narhari prasad also died .	O
Was an artist and he also wrote poetry .	I
They brought in 1000 head of cattle but lost 900 head the first winter .	O
The school closed in 1948 , and the post office in 1968 .	O
Are disposed of at the end of a chain of events and conventional consumption as a process flows as products are constructed from scratch .	I
Moved from house to house to evade capture , and she cut her hair short like a boy .	I
In 2012 , she fled with her husband via Lebanon and moved to France , where they resided in Paris .	O
Viswanath becomes the new Commissioner of Police and then , Kumaraswamy is transferred as transport DGP .	I
He came to be named for his birthplace later in life , and the city went by the name of Yongjia at the time .	I
He was a visiting professor at the Northeastern University ( Boston ) and the National Institute of Multimedia Education in Makuhari ( Japan ) .	O
John A. Rassias was born on August 20 , 1925 to Athanathios and Eleni ( Leonardakis ) Rassias , immigrants from Georgitsi , Greece .	O
Generates electricity for sale under contract and the company now trades as AGL Macquarie .	I
Has lived in Guernsey since 1983 and wayne Bulpitt was born in June 1961 .	I
The transaction was formally consummated on July 10 , 1991 , and the deal gained FCC approval on June 27 , 1991 .	I
The view from the driver 's cab is better , and the bodies are also shorter , to save weight .	I
He is a Catholic and lives in Cheyenne .	O
In 1990 the hotel was acquired by Kempinski and renamed the " Furama Kempinski Hotel " .	O
Was demolished in December 2001 , and the Furama closed in November .	I
Now it has become a conclusion . and the latter is accepted by most people	I
Eventually did not have a theatrical release and despite beginning production , the film was shelved .	I
Garrard returned home after his 10-month trip and apparently never visited the West again .	O
Willie " Big Eyes " Smith and leary , Calvin " Fuzz " Jones .	I
Won a league championship medal in 1948 and kean played in the 1947 Scottish Cup Final .	I
Delay their wedding until then and tom agrees to move with her .	I
She stated that they 'll always have problems together , but that it shouldn 't stop them from getting married .	O
Housed the Mammoth Credit Company clothing store until 1929 , and the ground floor was largely devoted to retail space .	I
Holds Diploma in Civil Engineering and yadav is an Engineer by education .	I
Parents sometimes in desperation relinquish their rights and place their babies up for adoption .	O
In later years , he produced talkies and also built a cinema in Coimbatore .	O
In 1906 the company opened , south of Crowell and in 1883 the Great Western Railway took over the line .	I
The Filipino forces are gradually routed by the Americans , and he is assassinated by disgruntled troops three months ago .	I
Wary of the frequent raids and consequently , the residents became impoverished .	I
Acting " which contributed to the success of the drama and namkoong was praised for his " perfect amalgamation of character creation .	I
Is buried at Arlington National Cemetery and he died on January 31 , 1999 .	I
Sound design was favorably compared to " " , but they faulted the director for his restrained gore .	O
Construction is expected to finish in 2021 , and the line will be 49.5 kilometers long .	O
He started his career as a lawyer at Bombay and in 1913 became chairman of Bombay Municipal Corporation .	O
Arrived at Diamond Harbour on 15 October and " Baring " reached Madras on 10 September .	I
The following year , he joined Swiss Challenge League side Stade Nyonnais and played 40 matches for the club over the next two seasons .	O
Vowed to represent equally all Egyptians and he himself had denied any such intentions .	I
This model has been first time introduced by French mathematician Georges Matheron , and has shown to be the Best Unbiased Linear Predictor for spatial data .	O
Has worked in Belgrade as an attorney over the next five years and in 1957 , Panajotovic graduated from the University of Belgrade 's Law School .	I
Illustrated by Jiu Yue Zi ( 九月紫 ) and " Human Doll Contract " was published in 2013 .	I
Originally called " Salem " , and leaf was settled in 1838 .	I
The district is situated on Dalejský potok and borders Prokopské údolí to the east .	O
Harbinger 's products are used by U.S. government organizations as well as in more than 57 countries globally .	O
Also operates an office in Shanghai , China and the company 's head office is based in London .	I
This makes Jill extremely valuable and a major political pawn .	O
During Bloodlines Jill develops a crush on Lee and is extremely shaken when he is killed .	O
Does not discover their relationship until she has returned home and rose meets him during her journey in Siberia in Blood Promise .	I
Is known for talking a lot and she is very awkward among other royals .	I
Was turned back 5 years prior to the series starting , but he was turned Strigoi against his will 15 years ago .	I
He became member of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts and exhibited at its Salon from 1926 to 1943 .	O
He left the country during the rule of Juan Manuel de Rosas , and returned in 1852 after Rosas ' defeat at the battle of Caseros .	O
He won the world welterweight title in 1955 and placed second at the 1956 Summer Olympics .	O
As the provost of Purdue University and sands previously served as the acting president .	I
French influence started getting ever stronger , and the country 's rule was centralised .	I
At best they were indicated on kilometre poles and can still be found on old maps .	O
He received his primary education in Dharmapala Vidyalaya and secondary education at Ananda College , Colombo .	O
Sales of the book has broken records and has become an international best seller .	O
, he is a staff member with the University of Exeter and Adjunct Professor at the University of Canterbury , New Zealand .	O
He defined related groups of viral surface proteins and their corresponding receptors on the cell surface .	O
They get a surprise from Peter 's dog and end the day safe with the goggles .	O
Joseph Chamberlain ( 1836 – 1914 ) was a British politician and statesman , first a radical Liberal then a leading imperialist .	O
Got promoted to the Úrvalsdeild karla and the team won Division I in 2003 .	I
He won the Icelandic Men 's Basketball Cup in 2005 with Njarðvík and was named the Úrvalsdeild karla Coach of the Year in 2007 .	O
The Seattle Sounders fell at the first playoff hurdle , but the Minnesota Kicks proved to be quite a challenge .	O
The film had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 20 March 2003 .	O
Mr. Bungle released their final demo tape in 1989 and patton continued to be a member of both bands simultaneously .	I
We don 't talk to each other and the guys are spread all over the world .	I
On completion , he returned to Britain and turned his attention to political issues .	O
Well as 12 examples of Peruvian pottery as soane acquired 44 examples of 18th-century Chinese ceramics .	I
Using his travelling scholarship of £ 60 per annum for three years , plus an additional £ 30 travelling expenses for each leg of the journey .	O
Came into popular use by the 1830s , and it first appeared in print about 1819 .	I
At the French Open debut capriati made her Grand Slam .	I
This was Capriati 's third and final Grand Slam title .	O
Each trip carried a full load of 21 passengers and took an average of 9-1 / 2 hours .	O
The branch structure is often horizontal or , when larger , ascending .	O
Employs a staff of 1,250 and the subsidiary owns four brewing plants .	I
Initially Carlsberg denied the pollution , but has since admitted the wrongdoing .	O
The amount of additional information is not specified , but one can say that something contains more information .	I
Died while a military officer during the influenza epidemic , and he subsequently joined the war effort as an officer .	I
Yoshimune established the " gosankyō " to augment ( or perhaps to replace ) the " gosanke " .	O
Still , they remained prominent until the end of Tokugawa rule , and some later " shōguns " were chosen from the Hitotsubashi line .	O
His Buddhist name was Yutokuin and buried in Kan 'ei-ji .	O
The facility became an all-bus terminal , and station platform track was subsequently removed .	I
Kira went unpunished , but asano was executed .	I
From " Pausinn " , rather than by direct descent .	O
Retained his prebend affiliated with the estate of St Mary 's Church , but after 1545 , Hans Olufsson served as a priest at Oslo Cathedral .	I
He earned the bachelor 's degree in 1616 , and shortly after became a chaplain at Oslo Cathedral .	O
Was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Indianapolis Colts , and his grandson Trey Griffey went undrafted in the 2017 NFL draft .	I
17th centuries under the name " figural number " and some kinds of figurate number were discussed in the 16th .	I
The airline industry is notoriously unprofitable , but some firms are spectacularly profitable exceptions .	O
Castro responded by publicly embracing Marxism – Leninism , and the Soviet Union pledged to provide further support .	O
In early 1977 , Union Planters sold Stax , its master tapes , and its publishing arms for about four million dollars to a holding corporation .	O
Were enjoying a string of hits on Mercury Records and ( By 1978 , the Bar-Kays were long gone from Stax . )	I
Passengers pay the fare in cash ( no change given ) or using an Octopus card , a smart card payment system .	O
He admitted that the allegations had damaged the Army 's reputation , but believed that further damage would be done by covering them up .	O
Is the home stadium of Clermont Foot and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
This is the fourth of " Panch Kalyanaka " and is known as " Kevala Jnāna Kalyanaka " .	O
Is the home stadium of FC Irtysh and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Taraz .	O
They are arranged opposite the space between the horizontal ones , and work in close contact with the sides of the roller .	O
Another bid was undertaken a few years later , and however , this was not yet deemed sufficient .	I
It grows to a maximum length of , but most adults are much smaller than this .	O
Have won twice in their category and they have been nominated for Grammy awards .	I
Has a slightly humped back , and it is typically dorsoventrally flattened .	I
Deemer apologizes for his earlier hostility , blaming it on grief , and insisting that Jacobs developed acromegaly rapidly , over just four days .	O
Days later , the sheriff calls and asks Dr. Hastings for help .	O
Is the home ground of Korona Kielce and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
She went to college and studied quantum physics .	O
" Curb Your Enthusiasm " " and " , " The Shield .	I
Intended to relieve the German pressure on French forces and it was launched at the request of Marshal Joseph Joffre .	I
Managers of tomorrow and they are the leaders .	I
" Throwed Off " from his 2005 album " Super Saucy " " and she has also collaborated with Baby Bash on the songs " Bubbalicious .	I
She has been the cultural director for MoveOn.org since March 2004 and was named the organization 's national creative director in 2007 .	O
In 1976 , mass arrests occurred and some VW employees were tortured .	O
At first , Baskin began by writing fiction for adults , and had been trying to get published for around five years .	O
Also a leader in his own right Arondizuogu 's boundaries and he was a senior advisor to the founder of Ndiakunwanta Uno Arondizuogu village , expanding .	I
A navvy in " The Scarlet Capsule " , and a lorry driver in " Wings Over Dagenham " ) .	I
" , fires , and then exclaims tersely .	O
Stampley , Jr . ( 1920 – 2000 ) and Mary E. Stampley ( 1924 – 2004 ) .	O
The buildings burned down and in 1935 the wooden stands .	I
It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home stadium of Debreceni VSC .	O
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Zalaegerszegi TE .	O
The club house , the ZTE shop , and the VIP sector was also completely renovated .	O
Revolted against his half-brother Abdullah and he joined alliances with foreign tribes .	I
In 1863 , Thomas contracted typhoid fever and returned to his family in Athens .	O
Remained empty until the Westbeth project started later in the decade , and the complex was vacated by Bell Labs in the middle 1960s .	I
Despite their fighting success , they quickly hand their swords to Elizabeth and take off with the chest again , which they promptly lose .	O
Starting out with just eight students , the school soon outgrew its quarters and was moved to Talmage 's City of Ten Thousand Buddhas in 1978 .	O
Cutaway body styles may truncate or omit the lower f-hole .	O
They also produce standard acoustic instruments , as well as Hawaiian-style lap steel guitars .	O
" The Birth House " was McKay 's first published effort and reached the Number One spot on Canadian best sellers lists .	O
She was co-founder of the International Feminist Collective , and an organizer with the Wages for housework campaign .	O
1 ranking in the final College Swim Coaches Association dual-meet poll and they ran their win streak at Gabrielsen Natatorium to 62 .	O
He is also attacked by the villain Rebel and is seen later in a hospital bed .	O
Fox kills Ortiz and captures Clay .	O
Is under the direct guidance of California State University , Long Beach and the school is part of the Mathematics , Engineering , Science Achievement program .	I
The gate is situated to the south of Tiananmen Square and once guarded the southern entry into the Inner City .	O
When they left , the remaining boats were virtually blind and without verbal orders , thus leading to more confusion .	O
His cast left scars still visible , but he learned to walk normally again .	O
Greta Hodgkinson ( born 1973 ) is an American ballet dancer and currently a principal dancer with the National Ballet of Canada .	O
Had children or he never married .	I
Won a gold medal in the Flying Dutchman class and he competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .	I
On the north side are an identical grouping of windows and a porch which provides direct access to the nave .	O
Local contractors using local materials were hired , and the church was finished later that year .	O
Then in the formation of Pacific Renewable Energy in January 2006 and they followed up this with a search for viable Australian native trees .	I
" Chopper One " was cancelled after six months and " Firehouse " ended in the following month .	O
At the beginning of the Second World War , Hollis returned home and served throughout the war as a Royal Air Force intelligence officer .	O
It was designed by German-American architect Helmut Jahn and won the 2002 Silver Emporis Skyscraper Award .	O
197 for the community , which includes the small village Kalyvia Karnesi , and in 2001 , it had a population of 189 for the village .	I
Graduated from Detroit Central High School and culver was born in Detroit in 1897 .	I
Directed the film and nineteen-year-old John Moore wrote .	I
Gave it five stars out of five and music website Gerçek Pop also praised the album .	I
Not many people know about it but the grave still remains in the area .	I
There are certain processes to perform the ritual , and all Kirat Rais have to follow it properly .	O
There are many reasons why the Bombers failed to make it close , but a major one was a gent by the name of Art Walker .	O
He plays first base as well as catcher .	O
The team won the Claxton Shield as national Champions , and in 2012 – 13 , he was the coach .	I
She continued to serve until August 9 , 2013 but her term on the Commission ended June 5 , 2012 .	I
Her parents owned a hardware store and were successful in real estate .	O
In addition , Germany faced critical shortages in oil , rubber and other materials needed to prosecute even just a western offensive .	O
Is owned by the Madras Motor Sports Club and it was the first permanent racing circuit in India .	I
Makes a large donation to her mother 's nursing home and he gives her a job , an advance for new clothes .	I
Nathan keeps his side of the bargain and leaves the village in early February .	O
Plants it at the scene of the crime and he also steals one of Ryan 's gold necklaces .	I
After giving evidence , Nathan is kidnapped by Cain and held captive in the Dingles ' old barn .	O
Natasha is arrested and maisie calls the police .	I
He was re-elected at the September 1927 general election but lost his seat at the 1932 general election .	O
Calabar a large of these Igbo slaves , kidnapped and the Bight ’ s major slave trading ports were located in Bonny ; number .	I
Was director of anatomic works and from 1861 he worked as prosector .	I
The year 1550 is carved over the entrance to the church and the church in the village is dedicated to Saint John the Evangelist .	I
Became Executive Director of the American Jewish Congress and then in 1945 he returned to New York City .	I
It was let to servants of Lord Dudley and may have been used by Dud Dudley .	O
It has a population of 60 , and before 1945 was part of Germany .	O
A great debate arose as to the bathing facilities , and boats were introduced for the convenience of the public .	I
The rules regarding swimwear are more relaxed , but the Municipal Dam is still in use .	I
On 14 June 1969 , the new building opened , but the original school burned down on 9 June 1967 .	I
Was soon legally established as Southern Islands Hospital and it began operation in 1911 as Hospital Del Sur .	I
Rural Local Governments ( or Panchayat Raj Institutions )	O
The PRI structure did not develop the requisite democratic momentum and failed to cater to the needs of rural development .	O
60 percent of them were from Germany , and the remaining 40 percent were from abroad .	O
The ground colour is brown , lacking any green scaling , but the forewing upperside is similar to " Daphnis hayesi " .	I
The accident caused eight fatalities , and much damage to the line .	O
Connected with the other platforms by a pedestrian underpass and all the tracks have a platform sheltered by a canopy .	I
So all the treasure was kept near a tree and Thatha Desikan along with his disciples fell asleep .	O
The keynote speaker was former governor of Pennsylvania and first Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge .	O
Kelly also held a Master of Public Administration from Wayne University as well as a Juris Doctor degree from Michigan State University .	O
Was demolished in August 1951 but it survived the Second World War .	I
Verse 17 : It is revealed through prayer , forbidding wrong , and employing moderation , are the values a believer should aspire too .	O
Awarded by the Zurich based Bonizzi Theler Foundation and is named in honor of Otto Naegeli .	O
Born 23 December 1980 ) is an Internet activist and computer engineer with an interest in social entrepreneurship .	O
She was elected to the prestigious National Academy of Sciences in 1974 , and two years later she was awarded the Keep Colorado Beautiful annual award .	O
Was raised in Matara , Sri Lanka , and he was born in Pannala , Sri-Lanka .	I
He had no children and died in 1997 .	O
Triggered the construction of the Valdivian Fort System that begun in 1645 and the Dutch occupation of Valdivia in 1643 caused great alarm among Spanish authorities .	I
The plant is fire tolerant and sprouts readily after bushfires .	O
Stan replaces him with Andy Dick , and roger moves out of the household .	I
Now I 'm at home and at home I do lay	O
Was expected to cost A $ 15 million and the independent Inquiry was headed by Justice Cate Holmes .	I
Not " prescriptive " " and dfdl is " descriptive .	I
The Australians left their run till the 3rd 500m and could never recover to better than third place .	O
Taylor contested the 2002 Queen 's Cup for Victoria finishing second and by 2002 the Interstate eights were racing for the Queen 's Cup .	I
The 2003 World Rowing Championships were the main Olympic qualification regatta and the Australian women scullers trained in Canberra under Lyall McCarthy .	O
Was held to 27 March 1621 and the parliament began on 30 January 1621 .	I
Was held to 4 June 1621 and it met again on 17 April 1621 .	I
Was dissolved on 8 February 1622 and it met again on 14 November 1621 .	I
Family therapist in private in Tarzana , California and joan Jutta Lachkar , Ph.D. , is a licensed marriage practice .	I
" Look to the Skies " is the first and last release that drummer Douglas Berry performed on .	O
After fighting Max , Nikolai prepares to execute him , but Leo intervenes , demanding a fair trial for Max .	O
The age range extended to 18 years and in 2005 , a Sixth Form was established .	I
In 2005 , a sixth form was established and the age range extended to 18 years .	O
Opened on May 1 , 1901 and the Antlers Hotel was begun in 1900 .	I
... Ceylan invites us along for the ride – but only if we 're up for it . "	O
In April it continued east , encircling Leipzig and securing a line along the Mulde River .	O
Released on their 1982 album " Bad Brains " and it was written by the hardcore punk band Bad Brains .	I
Serene as possible to contrast with the Stone Bridge and fick wanted the new concrete bridge to appear as slender .	I
Kumbara Gowdas form a large proportion of rural folk , and each village had a pot maker in old days .	I
A Lister Petter at 20 kW and her generators were a Mitsubishi 15 kW .	I
They break down self-respect when , what the individual needs , and what the state needs , is self-respect built up . "	O
Died in Rotterdam and van Spaan was born .	I
Gets him some water and she removes Brody 's handcuffs .	I
Loop 493 then curves back to the north and ends at another point on US 87 .	O
Best Comedy OR Comedy Series	O
Best Entertainment OR Event Programme	O
Best Feature OR Drama Documentary	O
Did not meet its primary endpoint and the compound has completed Phase III trials .	I
A cricket ground 10km from the capital began construction and was expected to be ready by October 2014 .	O
Was the first child with a disability to do , and in 1992 , he competed in the Kiwi Kids Triathlon so .	I
The band was able to devote its energies full-time to music and began playing multiple shows a week at Ulaanbaatar music venues .	O
The district originally developed in the early 18th century and is notable today as an artist 's colony .	O
Former player who manages JSM Béjaïa and kamel Djabour is a French-Algerian football coach .	I
Contain a bell dated 1884 and the towers were added circa 1885 .	I
The church is of no particular style , but is similar to many rural African-American churches .	O
This route has been discontinued for some time but some sources claim might be available again .	O
Served in the 1973 War as a commander of a rifle platoon and he was conscripted in the Army in 1971 in a mechanized infantry regiment .	I
Gamlin was unmarried , and died in 1967 .	O
After his retirement , Sankalia lived on campus and was appointed professor emeritus of the department .	O
Bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir is a theatre auditorium and exhibition hall located in Pune , India .	O
It is one of six public high schools in Boone County and the sole high school administered by the Omaha School District .	O
The routes make a left turn at High Street and immediately have a grade crossing with the tracks .	O
Some pairs have also been discovered , but most finds are of single shoes .	I
Exhibition hall in Pune , India and tilak Smarak Ranga Mandir is a theatre auditorium located .	I
Often outside of the main programme : , but the following events were regularly held	I
The equipment rental fee has been negotiated and is specified in the concession agreement .	O
Analysed the impact of regulated consumption in wartime England and kyrk fused the emerging field of social psychology with economics .	I
Co-authored The American Banking , 1849-1923 " and she worked at the Food Research Institute at Stanford University " Industry .	I
A reference point for workforce management and the study became accepted as economic barometer .	I
The Christian Missionary Society High School and in Karachi , he attended the Sindh-Madrasa-tul-Islam .	I
Is the namesake of many Pakistani public institutions , and jinnah is depicted on all Pakistani rupee currency .	I
Producer in Mumbai and akshay Kumar is a Bollywood actor , residing .	I
" Germanasca di Massello " increasing a lot its average discharge " and it then receives the waters of the " Germanasca di Salza .	I
Alcides Escobar singled leading off the Royals ' first but was thrown out trying to steal second base .	O
Juan Pérez hit a sinking liner to center , but it was caught by a diving Jarrod Dyson .	O
Pence tagged up at third and scored the tying run .	O
No Concept is the third album composed by Giovanni Allevi and was published in 2005 by the label Casa Ricordi .	O
The plant supplies heat to Lasnamäe and the central districts of Tallinn .	O
It is also featured in the HGTV 2013 # LoveHome commercial and in the pilot episode of FX series " Legit " .	O
He " probably recommended Schepman for the work on the second , and eduard von Martens was involved in mollusk identification from the first expedition . "	I
Numbers 7-9 were a pair of houses but are now in use as offices .	O
He became an authority on horticulture and was appointed state Horticultural Inspector .	O
The film was toured at film festivals and four-walled taking various accolades with it .	O
It is one of four public high schools in Logan County and the sole high school administered by the Magazine School District .	O
He later attended Senshu University but dropped out before graduating .	O
Came into force on 1 January 2008 and eventually , the Bill was passed without modification .	I
Everyone practicing in the field must follow the code and provide service according to the rights patients have .	O
It is the " regulator of public procurement and disposal of public assets in Uganda " .	O
Was in 1685 again acquired by the Crown and the property had at this point fallen into despair .	I
Natural language processing techniques and the API uses machine learning .	I
Could not make the first team until 2013 but laua joined Koloale FC Honiara pre-season trainings in 2009 .	I
His funeral was held at the Park Cities Baptist Church , and he was buried in the Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis .	O
It was shot on location around London and at the CCC Studios in Berlin .	O
These points have also been referred to as cancellation dots , and their use is derived from similar practices by Greek scribes .	O
Earned a master 's degree in the subject from Stanford University and he studied chemistry at the small , local Centenary College of Louisiana .	I
She began teaching at University of Quebec at Montreal in 1976 and two years later she was conducting research amongst phosphate workers .	O
Master Sridhar the younger self of that role , and a. V. M. Rajan played the lead role .	I
V. K. Ramasamy played an alcoholic who employs Rajan as his secretary , and T. S. Balaiah as Ramaswamy 's relative who is after his wealth .	O
, thereby , saving lives of many people and according to him , " Ukrainian legislation prevents organ transplanting . "	I
Entered into negotiaions with the North German Confederation and accordingly , the government abandoned the Greater Germany idea .	I
Much of the track bed grassed over and the siding to Mauchline Colliery has been lifted .	I
The reddish annual herb has a tufted habit and typically grows to a height of approximately .	O
She also acted in stage dramas and directed them in the 1950s .	O
2 hard top convertible + it is a two-door 2 .	I
The car retains the 7-speed dual clutch transmission from its predecessor but features a new software to allow for faster gear shifts .	O
She is a Guggenheim fellow and a MacDowell Colony fellow .	O
Gaw has a bachelor 's degree in Applied Mathematics and Economics from Brown University , graduating in 1992 .	O
It was therefore decided to construct a new building on Amager Boulevard and in the beginning of the 1920s , the building had become too small .	I
Folklorist Marjorie Hunt spent years interviewing the carvers , and made them the subject of her PhD dissertation .	O
She established herself as an instructor in music for almost forty and after the marriage De Grasse 's dreams of an operatic career somehow faded years .	I
In 1954 the Self-Defense Forces law was passed by Japan 's National Diet and on July 1 , 1954 the Japan Air Self-Defense Force was founded .	O
Sometimes played in public and she joined Okayama Junior Orchestra .	I
She was a pioneer as such and this position was unusual for her gender .	I
Has one child and viorel Cibotaru is married .	I
He had won first prize at the 1981 and was , naturally , a party member .	O
Many were built along East Chicago Road , but another concentration was here along Pearl Street .	O
The A class locomotives were the first of SJ with superheaters , and have been described as the first modern steam locomotives in Sweden .	O
Had gained in importance at the same time and the figures were aged by a good ten years .	I
He is the author of " Looking in Holy Books " , and the forthcoming " A Short History of Medieval English Mysticism " .	O
Played their home games at Spec Martin Stadium and they were led by fifth-year head coach Roger Hughes .	I
Features Swift in a camouflage jacket and 2 " was shot by Benny Horne .	I
In 1957 the magazine was published weekly , and in 1956 , it became a biweekly .	I
It was enlarged in 1757 and the church was built in 1500 .	I
He is a member of the Web.com Tour and previously played on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica .	O
Became a Bingo Hall and the cinema closed in 1966 .	I
Is in the National Gallery in Oslo , and the painting is 93 x 130 cm .	I
Formally opened on August 23 , 1940 and the bridge was built during the late 1930s .	I
" Wale " was the first destroyer to be built in Sweden and was influential in the development of the destroyers in that nation .	O
The tour started in San Diego on February 26 , 2018 and concluded on July 22 , 2018 , in Paso Robles .	O
Hedley rescued the men , but left the skins behind .	O
Sometimes appears annual but it typically is perennial .	I
Well as high acuity patients as many programs focus on patient satisfaction .	I
He came to see my paintings and so I went to see his performances .	I
He was also a journalist , writing under the pen-name Michel Braspart , and in 1951 published the novel " La Mauvaise carte " about Algeria .	O
Subsequently , shows would be scheduled and the band would do tours .	O
Received positive reviews from critics internationally and the album featured artwork by Tracy Widdess .	I
It began on 21 August 2010 and ended on 28 May 2011 .	O
Landed a spot on the First Team All-Atlantic 10 and crawford scored 20 + in 20 games for the Musketeers .	I
The cell would be declared the winner and the first competitor to escape the steel cage .	I
Tried to climb out of the cell and boss Man handcuffed Snow to the top turnbuckle .	I
Took over Korderas ' position to officiate the match , and stone Cold Steve Austin chased away the attacking referees .	I
Triple H opted to continue the match but foley offered Triple H to quit the match .	I
However , Tazz applied the " Tazzmission " again and hurt Snow , forcing him to tap out .	O
She kicked Guerrero in the groin while Saturn tossed Guerrero into the ring and performed a diving elbow drop on Guerrero to win the European Championship .	O
Christian tried to perform a high-flying attack on Bradshaw but Bradshaw countered it by performing a fallaway slam .	O
The match continued until Matt and Bradshaw eliminated each other .	O
Eliminated Jeff and faarooq took advantage .	I
Was attacked by Right to Censor but mr. Ass came out to rescue Chyna .	I
Performed a Diving Headbutt on the arm and benoit started attacking Triple H 's injured arm .	I
Christian returned to the ring first and started climbing the ladder again .	O
Came down to the ringside and stephanie McMahon interfered in the match .	I
Hit a Corkscrew Moonsault for a near-fall , and rvd set Austin up in the corner .	I
Deviated from traditional overly panegyric chronicles of the time and as such , he was more critical of the Knights .	I
Walsh gave Barlow positive comments on her singing and told her she had ' style ' .	O
Britain wanted Canada to assume its fair share , and canada 's maritime interests needed to be safeguarded .	I
Included four Olympic-regulation-sized ice sheets ( 100 × 200 ft and the original facility , constructed by Shingobee Builders , opened in 1998 ) :	I
Barlingay was a scholar and teacher of philosophy .	O
Geni-analysis is simultaneously a phenomenological and a metaphysical regulative principle .	O
Well as our guardian as " He was our inspiration .	I
Funded the for Cultural and in 1950 , the CIA secretly organized Congress Freedom .	I
M was Lima 0-8-0 # 9766 in 1929 & the last new steam locomotive delivered to the StLB .	I
Such roads were often called " shunpikes " and could lead to significant loss of income .	O
Its composition has expanded to 18 countries , but the name of the group is unchanging .	I
Coffin was appointed to the board and became the board 's president .	O
Became the Bradley-Ramsey Lumber Company in 1886 and the Calcasieu Lumber Company began operating in 1884 .	I
Partially fixes his face and drago enslaves a homeless mute .	I
New Zealand defeated Pakistan to take the title , and promoted to the Champions Trophy tournament in 2010 .	O
Tossed back into a boat and one stun grenade was picked up .	I
Passengers cooperated with the soldiers , were not handcuffed , and kept in their cabins during the trip to Ashdod .	O
A parish hall was added in 1956 , and the tower was rebuilt in the 1870s .	I
Published some new discoveries in 1956 and henri Fleisch also studied the area with .	I
Were very familiar with each other 's work , and the painters were friends when they were living .	I
The parish started to outgrow the cathedral church and Mass was held in the school gymnasium .	O
As DZMB , it also introduced and institutionalized the deep-voiced radio announcers .	O
It was first mentioned in written documents dating to the 13th century , but the current building dates to the 17th-century rebuilding with early 19th-century alterations .	O
The local church is dedicated to Saint Peter and belongs to the Parish of Sveta Gora .	O
This approach assumes that their domestication will continue indefinitely , and cats have a long history of cohabitation with humans .	I
Kihn subsequently worked as a consultant for Booz Allen Hamilton and a digital marketing analyst for the advertising agency Digitas .	O
1591 was passed by Congress but vetoed by the President .	O
Press pools were first implemented in the Russo-Japanese war in 1904 , and first in the United States in the Panama Invasion in 1989 .	O
Appellee Dukes had operated a pushcart for only two years and challenged the ordinance , winning in the lower courts .	O
Mayor of Canton for ten years and leiter was a justice of the peace .	I
Is considered dangerous for plants during the seedling stage , but it is not a major source of crop loss .	I
By the 1500s in was popular in Arab coffeehouses and shortly thereafter became a popular beverage in Europe .	O
Endoconidia are produced in an intercalary cell and released into a neighboring empty cell .	O
Perfectly round and colonies are creamy .	I
The need to protect future development from flood damages and the flood plain mapping identified the potential areas for flooding .	I
The conidia germinate the tissue of the wood and start causing damage to the vascular system .	O
Soon after , Raël founded and began to establish MADECH .	O
Causal agent of Cotton rust and phakopsora gossypii is a plant pathogen .	I
Can be spread by wind and the spores are spread very easily .	I
" P. erythroseptica " is host specific , and typically only infects potatoes in moist soils .	O
The United States is ranked third in cotton production , and cotton is one of the most important textile fibers .	I
In lower altitudes , it can also contaminate irrigation water supplies and spread rapidly to other crops , especially hydroponically grown crops .	O
From this point , the infected plant will eventually die and the pathogen will again overwinter in the oospore structures .	O
She 's no friend of the gardener and certainly no friend of me ' .	O
The typical loss range is 5-20 % , but occasionally , total crop losses still occur .	I
A brand new set was built , and a new introduction credit sequence created .	O
In January 2014 all charges were dropped and dismissed in Court by Judge Lindberg .	O
" Herald " decommissioned at Green Cove Springs on 15 April 1955 and entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet , berthed at Orange , Texas .	O
Two of these classes were small and one of them was large .	O
Shapes available for aerial decoy flares and there is a wide variety of calibres .	I
What 's Easy and " Between What 's Right . "	I
She offered to comb their hair and lulled the child to sleep .	O
That he " simply was not specific enough , but it was not that the bird lied on purpose . "	I
Intelligence adviser to the Vietnamese government and serong stayed in Vietnam as a security .	I
The third is a live concert recording from the period and the first two tracks are from an album released by Villanova .	I
Killed while he attempted to stop the fighting and hengi , a chief of Whangaroa , was shot .	I
The Chinese Communists had subsequently retreated to the countryside and started to organize in the province of Jiangxi .	O
" Native Communists " took control of the CPC , and after this conference , the Comintern was pushed aside .	I
Is found in 9001 libraries and it was first published in 2004 .	I
Bickerton remained in Monongahela , Pennsylvania , and never moved to Greencastle with Rigdon .	O
Care for subsequent broods and in this role they feed .	I
The " Maitreya " festival in Victoria and the " Playground Weekender " festival in Sydney .	I
Industry of Western Australia and " Chamber of Commerce	I
The Ludwigslust – Malliß railway opened on 20 May 1890 and it was extended from Malliß to Dömitz in 1889 .	O
This sapped his health , and he died in 1865 .	O
Reduced on 13 June 1995 and its territory was expanded in 1990 .	I
Lettered in football for four years and green entered North Carolina State in 1976 .	I
Played right defensive tackle and green wore jersey # 91 .	I
Will not have to go through the audition and established artists can send in their songs to RTP .	I
They prohibited the society again in 1948 , and in 1933 the Belgian authorities banned Bwami .	I
Moves at a tempo of 124 beats per minute , and the song 's beat is set in common time .	I
Missed the 2009 European Championship due to an injury , but she is a member of the Russian national team .	I
Has completed a Sports Psychology diploma and he already holds the UEFA A licence .	I
He finished his education at Frogner School in 1912 , and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur .	O
" MusicIsMyKingSizeBed.com " called the video " freshy fresh " and called Carr " a star in the making . "	O
Radio interviews for promotion and carr also did various internet .	I
It started on 5 September and ended on 20 September .	O
The regiment was raised in October 1914 , and assigned to the 3rd Light Horse Brigade .	O
Zakin was born to a violinist father in Tobolsk , Tyumen Oblast , and began studying at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory from the age of 8 .	O
He headed the Cavalry Riding School from 1903 to 1909 , and retreated from the military to " Landvernet " in 1920 .	O
An official in relevant organizations , and he was both an equestrian .	I
Antennae with third segment rounded and pale with dark tip .	O
Fared well at the box office overall and " Arizona " was released in December 1918 .	I
Everett High School both in and he was a prominent football figure at Harvard , Massachusetts .	I
It has hosted many major international tournaments and has professional teams in different sports .	O
It is five bays wide and has a gable roof .	O
Stands trial and he is arrested .	I
Agreed to accept the superiority of Vasily , and in 1447 , they asked for peace .	I
Are home to a rich diversity of wildlife and they contain a vast area of contiguous montane forest .	I
Social reformers from pune and the founder members were educationists .	I
That penalty allowed Marian to retain possession of the football , and unfortunately , a Cougars defensive player ran into the kicker .	I
Ned is suspicious , but Vandeteer hires him .	O
Promises to split the reward with him , and ned persuades Brown to let Vandeteer live .	I
He spent six years with the Army National Guard in artillery , and United States Army Reserve ( Judge Advocate General 's Corps ) .	O
Was called " Lobhar " , " The Leper " , and he may have returned to Clonmore in his later years .	I
It was known as the transportation capital of the interior , but when the railroad came through the town began to decline .	O
Opened its doors in August of that year and the Hotel St. Regis Detroit was built in 1966 .	I
All that survived was a ledger and one minute book from 1874 .	O
Gave up 233 points and the Wildcats scored 41 points .	I
He was working hard during the day , and living a full social life at night .	O
Communication adviser to Director General ElBaradei and at the IAEA , he was the speechwriter Mohamed .	I
The golden spike was driven on 29 December 1930 , and the first passenger train arrived on 15 January 1931 .	O
The front of the vehicle most heavily armored and typically , the gun is mounted in the hull .	I
Many Pomeranians were baptized already in Pyritz and also in the other burghs visited .	O
The Pomeranian dukes successfully forestalled these ambitions , and immediacy was granted only temporarily in 1345 .	O
Took Cotimar 's burgh in Behren-Lübchin and in 1171 , the Danes raided Circipania .	I
Largely unsettled were the hilly regions and the woods in the South .	O
The Duchy of Pomerania joined the Schmalkaldic League , but did not actively participate in the Schmalkaldic War .	O
Hither Pomerania stayed with the Swedish Empire and henceforth became known as Swedish Pomerania .	O
The precise design has not yet been announced but it will be a 90 m vessel .	O
An area of 2,353 km ² and the district has a population of 31,420 .	I
Their flowers are , consequently , few and not of a pleasing variety " .	O
He was also sixty-two years old , but gave his age as fifty-six " .	O
Very expensive and it was very painful . "	I
I wrote a lot of songs but they weren 't used . "	O
The final third under the lights , and the second third happens at dusk .	I
Antarctic Patrol is undertaken by the Royal Navy 's Icebreaker and survey ship , , in the South Atlantic Ocean .	O
Provides humanitarian assistance during hurricane season and the deployment primarily conducts counter narcotics missions .	I
Representative Andrews was a ranking member and part of the House Leadership .	O
Occasionally drove in the Nationwide Series ( NNS ) , and he is still an active test driver for DEI .	I
Horse-flies mostly occur in warm areas with suitable moist locations for breeding , but also occupy a wide range of habitats from deserts to alpine meadows .	O
In most cases , the symptoms subside within a few hours , but if the wound becomes infected , medical advice should be sought .	O
Can reveal more detailed information about a target , and higher frequencies are more effective at shorter distances .	I
Shallow antibacterial activity but azithromycin has relatively broad .	I
1988 marked the end of production for the Fiero , and is also considered to be the best Fiero produced .	O
In past raced on pavement ovals as well but the series solely races on dirt ovals across California .	I
It continues to be used today in blood-collection tubes and for the preservation of blood in blood banks .	O
21.1 % of calcium citrate ( tetrahydrate ) by ) and calcium makes up 24.1 % of calcium citrate ( anhydrous mass .	I
Was defeated by fifteen round unanimous decision to Mike Weaver , but tillis challenged for the WBA world heavyweight title in 1981 .	I
Bell only paid for 5 songs for 45,000 , but only 4 songs made it to the EP .	O
Among these are 15 municipalities with extended powers and 26 municipalities with a delegated municipal office .	O
The Wolf River Conservancy , and " Babe " Howard .	I
Released later that year and it was recorded in 1993 .	I
Seventeen local residents constructed a pit and named it Davie Rodeo Arena .	O
About 200 residents rode horseback to a Town Council meeting in protest but in 1978 the town planned to scrap the arena for youth athletic fields .	I
Henry Cockayne Cust and William Cust .	O
Its topics ranged from homosexuality to the issue of free speech and the first issue , released in February 2007 , had 132 pages .	I
A Concrete plant was installed in 1963 and a coated macadam plant in 2001 .	O
In addition , many students were unable to make the commitment of funds and time to come to the school for a separate music theory class .	O
On June 27 , 1962 the diversion tunnel was blocked , and water was stored in Navajo Lake for the first time .	O
He moved to Cowdenbeath in 1939 , but signed for United under wartime conditions .	O
Never in cartilaginous fish such as sharks until this , but this type of reproduction had been seen before in bony fish , documentation .	I
The Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Big Thompson River and thence the South Platte River in the U.S. state of Colorado .	O
Daniel Segal ( born 1947 ) is a British mathematician and a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford .	O
He was a works driver for AC Cars Ltd . , and won the 1926 Monte Carlo Rally in an AC car .	O
Received the nomination by acclamation and fdr was nominated by voice vote .	I
Then hand pressed onto the fabric and the stencils are dipped in heated wax .	I
Sandman is a gentlemen , but is hurting for cash .	O
The Code was abolished in 1831 , and public executions were abolished in 1868 .	O
C12a7 is an important mineral phase in calcium aluminate cements and is an intermediate in the manufacture of Portland cement .	O
Has since made several critical " best of all-time " lists and " The Late Great Townes Van Zandt " was released in 1972 .	I
His books in Turkish became best sellers in Turkey and were praised by the Prime Minister of Turkey .	O
Its effect is " based on its contrast with the fourth period and on the gradation of the most tender nuances in piano " .	O
Was converted to ( standard gauge ) in , but it was originally built to a broad gauge of 1866 .	I
One could buy on-line tickets through the Dutch Railways website , but payment can only be made via a Dutch Bank account .	O
It became a municipality on November 16 , 1875 and santo Antonio do Monte was founded in the 18th century .	I
Redeveloped into a new center called Shingle Creek Crossing and after a long decline , the mall closed in 2010 .	I
Averaged 15.3 points in 17 games and he again played for Rockhampton in 2015 .	I
Well as lesbian-themed works by heterosexual authors , as lesbian literature includes works by lesbian authors .	I
By a major press and it was published in hardback .	I
In 2005 Iran 's national science budget was less than $ 1 billion and had not been subject to any significant increase since 15 years ago .	O
A slave who has been raised by Mama Sarah and caroline is the light-skinned daughter of the plantation 's owner .	I
Crash-land on Earth and the pair eventually escape .	I
Travels northeast towards the Indian River Lagoon , and state Road 510 begins at US 1 .	I
Hence , all four Football League teams were re-elected , and Maidstone United were again denied membership of the League .	O
City finished runners-up in the Third Division to gain promotion and the city of Bristol was celebrating after Rovers were crowned champions .	I
Was unable to bring a major trophy to Anfield but rangers boss Graeme Souness was brought in as his successor .	I
You cannot determine what Israel 's interests are , and only here in Israel do we determine Israeli democracy . "	I
In 1801 Mgr Caprara arrived in France as papal legate and appointed him administrator general of the dioceses of Normandy .	O
However , the kitchen boy takes pity on her and agrees to take a letter to her lover .	O
Nor is he but a caddie ;	O
Started cross-country skiing as a child and bédard was born in Saint-Gabriel-de-Valcartier , Québec .	I
Well as the wider community as isme provides services to the scientific .	I
The proposal for the establishment of the Society was presented and endorsed at ISME-8 in Halifax , Canada , 1998 .	O
The vehicle can be moved ( by hand ) along a track and has an animal figure displayed in a scene atop the piece .	O
It is written in PHP and requires a MySQL database .	O
Has more than 1,800 members and the association was founded in 1955 .	I
More for German and straußwirtschaft is the tasting room wineries .	I
Craig Schumacher ( Neko Case , Calexico , The Jayhawks ) and produced by Ellis , the live tracks were engineered by Chris Schultz .	I
A railway station in Shkotovsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia ) and shkotovo ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement .	I
The Lemba have a tradition of having brought a drum , or " ngoma " , from the Middle East centuries ago .	O
Was soon replaced by a replica but the authentic ngoma was briefly on display .	I
The Hottest Video of the Year award was discontinued after 2006 ( and was split into Male / Female categories in 2003 alone ) .	O
Royworld 's debut album was recorded at Helioscentric Studios in Rye , and was mixed by Mark ' Spike ' Stent in Los Angeles .	O
Will expire on 31 July 2021 and his term began on 20 December 2006 .	I
Lenne played as a defender , most often at full-back , and spent 13 seasons with Fitzroy from his debut in 1910 .	O
The theatre was permitted to open again and in 1804 , the building had been repaired .	I
" List of cities and counties of Gyeonggi Province	O
Erected a new one on its site and in 1735 , M 'Dowall demolished the house .	I
Goma International is at elevation , and the mid-afternoon temperature is about .	O
The station is an affiliate of RenewFM and is licensed to Horizon Christian Fellowship .	O
In 1924 , he was promoted to a Major General , and in 1919 , he was promoted to a Brigade General .	I
His collaborators ) and 1590-after 1641 .	I
Galeo , Tea - under the brand name Irving Tea or most of the products are sold under the brand names Kamis .	I
Closed the title with paid-for sales stagnant at less than 28,000 copies " and in July 2004 , Dennis wrote off its investment in " Jack .	I
The Roughriders had not won a title since 1989 , and had lost in 13 of their 15 all-time appearances .	O
She comes to Mars with Dr. Jordan , but she turns against him in Mission Four .	O
Switched to bass at 13 and maize played piano from age seven .	I
His exact date of death is disputed , and he recorded little after the early 1960s .	I
He died in St Helens in 1834 and was buried in nearby Windlesham Abbey .	O
Her parents were from Sweden , but she was raised in Russia .	O
Confectioner in Clementon , New Jersey and giambri 's is a historic candy shop .	I
Co-hosts " I Sell Comics , and " , " Puck Nuts " ! "	I
Ali-marie Payne was born in Jackson , Tennessee and raised in North Vancouver , British Columbia .	O
Is a left tributary of the Nottawasaga River , and it is part of the Great Lakes Basin .	I
Every classroom has a rostrum for the teachers and besides that , there are no classrooms having projectors .	I
Zhang Shensi agreed with his analysis and sent him on his way .	O
Apart from its food value coconut palm leaves and wood have traditional uses as building materials .	O
It is one of the composer 's most popular and at the same time most critically respected works .	O
She was a marriage guidance counsellor and administrator prior to his appointment .	O
Earned graduate degrees from Villanova and hornblum graduated Penn State University	I
Lakshwadeep has the lowest crime rate of 43.9 ( per 100,000 persons ) as well as the lowest incidence of crime based on percentage of share .	O
He attended the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in March 1874 and was commissioned as an ensign with the Tokyo Garrison .	O
Karapitiya Hospital meets the health needs of people in Southern Province and also provides services to the people of the surrounding areas .	O
Would end up back in the Ballarat Football League and he didn 't play any more senior football for Richmond .	I
Became the World Billiards Champion in 1986 , and he started his professional career in 1984 .	I
Foldvari won the Australian Nine-ball Pool Championship in 2012 and the Australian Open Nine-ball Pool Championship in 2012 .	O
They recognized each other in the long distance and were filled with all kinds of emotions .	O
I wrote a bunch of demos and then brought them to him .	O
We recorded fifteen songs and then cut back .	O
Decides to sail back to the Kiautschou Bay concession to fight again " and rather than surrender , the shore party seizes the schooner " Ayesha .	I
Cambridge slowly edged their way back into contention , and held a half-a-length lead at the two-mile mark .	O
This includes the wrought iron bolt , and door-handle plates on the porch door .	O
He passed childhood in Chittagong district and took primary education from Chittagong .	O
Solidified Morrissey 's status as a pop star and most of the shows sold out in record time .	I
Left in 1917 to SCAT-Ceirano and ) , which he had founded in 1906 , form .	I
Union territories by poverty rate and " List of Indian states	I
Drew away to win by four lengths and shergar overtook Master Willie approaching the final furlong .	I
Was initially led Jorge Mandinga and the alliance was established in 1999 .	I
She studied at Emerson Institute , Mobile and graduated from Talladega College in 1922 .	O
Lack of opportunities drove her into teaching music but williams 's ambition was to be a concert pianist .	I
The events were televised and watched by millions .	O
He finished his secondary education in 1945 and took Oslo Commerce School in 1946 .	O
Both the politicians later resigned from MDP and signed to Jumhoory Party of Maldives .	O
Arrested people and afterwards soldiers attacked .	I
It has a small population and is in Pavlodar Region .	O
While in Chicago , Sherwood visited Gould regularly to observe his cartooning habits and worked as a copy boy at the " Chicago Daily News " .	O
A co-presenter to explain the news that was presented and telecinco opted to have an individual presenter on all editions .	I
She is an android created by the Kirijo Group , and the last surviving model of their experimental anti-Shadow weapon .	O
She is driven to protect him both to try to suppress Death and because she feels a great deal of guilt over her actions .	O
After the war she was sold to Peru and renamed " Teniente Palacios " in 1947 .	O
He played college football at the University of Arizona and attended Rogers High School in Puyallup , Washington .	O
He organized the business community to create jobs for World War II refugees and served as the national vice chairman of the United Negro College Fund .	O
Found a home at 412 N.E and construction of the library began in 1904 .	I
League started at 11 September 2013 and finished on 10 May 2014 .	O
These large ships could not be finished quickly , but the Navy accelerated construction of the 34,000-ton s .	I
The 024 the Dodge Charger in 1983 , and the TC3 was renamed the Plymouth Turismo .	I
She was crowned with the regnal name Te-ha 'apapa III in 1893 , and was deposed when Huahine was annexed by the French in September 1895 .	O
He performed with many other artists including Charlie Haden and also wrote compositions for Fado singer Amália Rodrigues .	O
They dismissed the request without much consideration and the concert went off without incident .	O
They should have anticipated the request for the anthem and should have programmed it in the first place .	O
Capture the ship and instead , they board .	I
Dated by a witness and each entry must be signed .	I
The soft sign is normally written after a consonant and indicates its " softening " ( palatalization ) .	O
Two new residence halls were begun during the 2007 – 2008 school year and completed in the first half of the 2008 – 2009 academic year .	O
It has since been confirmed by tests of general relativity and albert Einstein originally predicted this effect in his theory of relativity .	I
Thousands of Tunisians turned out to pay their respects to him , and his remains were brought to Tunis on 5 September for burial .	I
The new Resident General , Pierre Voizard took a more conciliatory line and on 2 September 1953 , Jean de Hauteclocque was finally recalled to Paris .	I
Censorship was scaled back and thousands of prisoners were freed .	I
Without ever telling us what she had undergone during her interrogation , and she died later in my father 's arms , still in shock . '	I
The complex became home to AEG and the Herbalife headquarters in 2008 .	O
The Square provides a broadcast venue featuring giant LED screens as well as a red carpet site for special events .	O
In some adventures she is the main character , and françoise has an important role in the series .	I
Henri Vaillant is Michel and Jean-Pierre 's father .	O
In the name of untouchability , Dalits have faced work and descent-based discrimination at the hands of the dominant castes .	O
Have a minimum of five years ’ experience and all teachers who have at least a bachelor 's degree teaching .	I
In 1869 , Rose moved to England to practice law and acted as an unofficial representative of the Canadian government .	O
It set 42 prefectures , but gave prefecture different ranks .	O
Either way , the track received many requests for play at radio , and was heavily hyped as a contender for the Christmas number one spot .	O
There are websites devoted to IDA scripts and offer assistance for frequently arising problems .	O
Aut is the pioneer of sustainable development in Iran and established the an Office of Sustainability in 2011 .	O
Overall enrollment figures are slightly higher for girls than boys and much higher in Java than the rest of Indonesia .	O
Teacher-training programs are varied and gradually being upgraded .	O
Borst , Otto and Joachim Feist .	O
In 1999 , designated a Special Protection Area for Wild Birds . , and in 1997 , Peneda-Gerês was included in the Natura 2000 network	I
Only received slight concussion , but king was stretchered off .	I
" Royal Commission on Renewing and Strengthening Our Place in Canada	O
Was based in a single building , Ballard Hall , and the college had 100 students its first year open .	I
It did affect image , but it didn 't affect profitability . "	I
They use a different lattice topology , or they are defined on three-dimensional lattices .	I
He averaged 14.3 points per game in two seasons at Cypress , and led the school to the California State Title as a sophomore .	O
He was educated at the University of Toronto , and was a member of that body 's Senate .	O
Gave birth to Dardanus and she was seduced by Zeus .	I
The wreck was discovered in 1989 and is now a protected wreck .	O
Retreated to Mayyafariqin and he was badly defeated .	I
He remained onboard " seaQuest " for the rest of the year and he , along with the rest of the away team were eventually cured .	I
News reader and she has been his co-host ever since .	I
He is almost never mentioned on the air and levy 's departure from the Stern channels soon followed .	I
$ 25 for a full-face view and the Sharples charged $ 15 per profile .	I
Bengali , which has more speakers , is not on the list but robert Phillipson questioned why Japanese is included as one of the supercentral languages .	I
Other key products and , Google Search Appliance .	I
The milk has a high fat content , and is used in the production of cheese .	O
Quickly extend the length of the plant and the climbing shoots of juvenile plants grow rapidly .	I
These cattle are usually red and polled ( hornless ) .	O
Competed at the 1995 World Championships without reaching the final , and he won the silver medal at the 1991 Summer Universiade .	I
However , he had a very regular season and was sacked of the club in December .	O
These treaties were of short duration only and expired after three to five years .	O
Sailed from Opua to Whangarei and " Fri " was made ready .	I
Beginning in 2015 will be co-sanctioned by the European Tour , and the long-established Indian Open is also an Asian Tour event .	I
Pope Benedict XII legitimised his power with the title Papal vicar , but soon afterwards Ostasio died , allegedly assassinated by his son Bernardino .	O
Perry was the top scorer , but Mays was named the MVP .	O
The Tigers posted an 11-0 mark with Mays , and managed just an 8-13 record in his stead .	O
He then entered the University of St Andrews in 1578 , and after a course of study there travelled on the continent .	O
In round 14 against the Titans Luke scored his first career double and slotted the match winning penalty for a 24 – 23 victory .	O
Come in many colour varieties and oriental Rollers are another aerial performer .	I
At first they were applied by unit ground crews , but they were soon being painted on at the factory .	O
Is flanked by Doric columns and the main entrance is also pedimented .	I
It was improved in 1771 but the gnomon is missing .	O
The bell-cot are early sixteenth century and the clerestory with four windows each side .	I
The arrival of the bishop " miraculously " cured him , and a similar episode is recounted concerning his wife , Agretia .	O
C. R. Hyatt as " Argonne 's " commanding officer and as commanding officer of the Aleutian Islands Surveying Expedition .	O
Acted in some television series again and in 2000 , Wong returned to TVB .	I
Rat UniGene contains 170,000 sequences in 37,000 clusters , and mouse UniGene contains 895,000 sequences in 88,000 clusters .	I
Hd Camera or - 35mm	I
Just their first in the last 25 years . , but for Standard it was their 9th League Championship	I
" Nolita Fairytale " is composed in common time and is in the key of E ♭ major .	O
To start anew , you have to kind of open the old book and then close it so you can then open the next book . "	O
Even inaccurate or can be misleading .	I
With this weapon , they knock the " Chinchins " and the public that are placed all around the arena .	O
It is unclear what the original colours were , but by 1910 the shield had been coloured blue .	O
Stieglitz took advantage of her time away to begin photographing Norman , and he began teaching her the technical aspects of printing as well .	O
In some cases she included slightly different versions of the same image , and these series are invaluable for their insights about Stieglitz 's aesthetic composition .	O
In 1947 , her mother died and Ausländer suffered a physical collapse .	O
However , Bassel died in a car accident in 1994 and Bashar was recalled to the Syrian Army shortly thereafter .	O
1965 ) , Klaus and Thomas ( b .	O
Owners of fantasy teams often trade players , and often those trades incite disputes within leagues .	O
Sometimes , a penalty may be accused for this , but also in some leagues , trading picks is allowed .	I
Stimpy both of which he and west 's favorite characters are Philip J. Fry , originated .	I
In a matter of minutes , the Agena 's docking latches clicked and a green light indicated that the docking had been successfully completed .	O
Wilson hasn 't ruled out a reformation , but has no particular plans for it either .	O
Was a part of the Principality of Tver and dubna customs post ( was located in the area .	I
" Milhüse " " or mulhouse ( ; Alsatian : " Milhüsa , ; ; i.e .	I
His estate was in debt to that man , but Molineux may have died of entirely natural causes .	O
Originally I was going to do another segment in the film , but at the time I had this house up on the hill .	O
Each sketch typically featured two black-and-white illustrations , as well as an illustration for the wrapper .	O
Brigitte picks up the dropped syringe and follows the blood trail downstairs .	O
Sherman 's memory has long been reviled by many Southerners , and sherman 's scorched earth policies have always been highly controversial .	I
It enables the ratification of international treaties and those associated with the European Union .	O
Further divided into sections of 15 men and each was divided into troops of 75 men .	I
Had tried several ways to generate successors and the founders of ITASA presided for several years .	I
They had one daughter in 1978 , Layla Zoe Summers and he married his second wife , Kate Lunken , in 1973 .	I
Wrote a two-volume book about it and he also visited the state of Texas .	I
He attended the 1876 Republican National Convention , and he joined the Republican Party in 1875 .	I
Ran for the U.S. Senate as a Democrat from California in 1892 and his other son , W. W. Foote , also served in the CSA .	I
Questioned whether private companies should be running atomic plants " and he wants to " pass a bill to promote renewable energy .	I
Nevertheless , his name was on an August 2009 ballot , and preliminary results placed him 17th in a field of 38 .	O
It is a brick church with brick pilasters and with doors framed in elaborately carved stone .	O
Several functions work with an entire transcriptome and most functions work with up to 100 traits .	I
The children had little schooling and Simon was largely self-taught .	O
Than a commercial product rather planz is a research prototype .	I
The Brazilian 22nd and the Austrian qualified 12th .	I
The Austrian finished sixth and the Brazilian seventh .	O
The Brazilian retired with transmission failure , and the Austrian retired with an accident .	I
The original temple was built in 1962 and it was known as Kaliamman Kovil .	O
Unfortunately the temple land area was reduced to but in year 2000 , the temple land was gazetted .	I
At Hope Farm he served as its first director as well as building several of the original buildings .	O
Worked for an advertising agency and after graduation , Birnbach toured Europe .	I
The third party MHP received 16 % of the votes , and the second party CHP received 23 % of the votes .	I
The trapper who has located a cricket must catch and contain the insect without causing it any injuries .	O
Local authorities encourage the trade and organize seasonal cricket fairs .	O
Became champion of the EuroLeague and later he moved to Žalgiris Kaunas .	I
3 ( all ) ) and " Recorded on February 2 ( # 1 others , 1971 . "	I
The belly is cream to white with darker markings and a black line runs from the corner of the eye .	I
The walls later became of stone , but it made underground life even tougher .	O
Novel attractive force between ions at atomic dimensions in quantum and he is the discoverer of the dust acoustic wave in dusty plasmas plasmas .	I
A traditional state historian and plomley was conservative by temperament .	I
The race is a professional cycling race , but is not listed as a UCI event .	O
Resigned a year later due to poor health , but he became the Director of ENBA in 1937 .	I
The adults are voracious predators and exhibit efficient searching behaviour .	O
Then inserts its long beak into its victim 's body and " Orius insidiosus " seizes its prey using its front legs .	I
He decides to visit Logan immediately to tell him the good news , and is baffled by Logan 's horrified reaction when he opens the door .	O
Beacon Radio and swansea Sound	I
Two of the perpetrators went inside the mosque and started firing immediately , killing eight people .	O
Yılmaz was born in Turkey , but began his career in Germany .	O
A couple of extremely powerful US F5000 chev engines and ken Smith had obtained Redman 's 1974 US winning chassis .	I
( The other bid , from Bombardier Transportation , also initially failed but a revised bid the following year eventually won the contract . )	O
The only township is Lilou Township ( 李楼乡 ) , and the only town is Changhuaiwei ( 长淮卫镇 )	I
Thus for the school , related to various types of trees , and the naming convention for most of the streets in the community .	I
In 1922 several entrepreneurs from Cēsis repurchased the brewery from Sievers and established the joint-stock company " Augļu dārzs " ( ) .	O
Died in Paris in 1904 and she retired in 1857 on marriage .	I
From 1853-6 she was in the " zenith of her powers " , and apparently her " improved performance " excited even more interest than before .	I
B ballad by American singer Kelly & " I Believe " is an inspirational R R. .	I
The area was traditionally part of the Styria region and is now included in the Drava Statistical Region .	O
The trophozoites are initially tear-shaped and possess a large vacuole .	O
Has been found throughout the northern hemisphere and the genus is unique to Lower Cambrian strata .	I
Mrs. Taff believed that the last burial was in 1900 and that was the reason this cemetery had been forgotten .	O
Literature from the University of Groningen in 1977 and bremmer received his master 's degree in English language .	I
The forced work continued , and they approved the declaration .	I
Also started practicing yoga and he continued his Vedantic studies .	I
Senator Richard Lugar ran for reelection to a seventh term , but was defeated in the primary by Tea Party-backed Richard Mourdock .	O
Kreuz became assistant musical director of the Covent Garden Opera in 1903 , and joined The Hallé to study conducting with its principal conductor Hans Richter .	O
She also had the best time among the women in 1996 , but prior to 1997 , there was no official women 's championship .	O
Graduated in 1969 and he attended Worcester Academy .	I
Had two children and clarkson married in 1951 .	I
A flute choir enthusiast and arranger , Mr .	O
If he had discussed his confession to help him remember it , and herzog asked Peak if he had been threatened during the recess .	I
God is moved by love but his love is unhappy .	O
After several years of financial difficulties , the line went into receivership and was eventually purchased by Zebulon W. Davis of Canton , Ohio .	O
He must keep right border and moped driver must use a helmet .	I
Are never reinforced for after being to imitate in general and children have been shown to imitate behavior that they have never displayed before , taught .	I
Soon occupied all of what is now New York City , and british troops captured lower Manhattan on September 15 , 1776 .	I
Persuaded Fraunces to come out of retirement again , and washington grew dissatisfied with his steward in Philadelphia .	I
Samuel Fraunces also was arrested , but released for lack of evidence .	O
Is approximately 500 light years from Earth and it has an apparent magnitude of + 4.29 .	I
Has expanded to nine times the Sun 's radius , but it has about the same mass as the Sun .	I
" Battles Without Honor and Humanity ( film )	O
" It 's Still Here " in May , 1971 " and later , Presley would record " I Will Be True .	I
A father of 2 Sons and < br > Jacob is engaged .	I
Rarely breed in colonies and gambel 's quail are monogamous .	I
While Newbold applied for the same he was rejected but saklatvala was accepted into the Labour Party 's parliamentary caucus .	I
Transferred to the Federal Ministry for Health and the area of health was removed in 1991 .	I
The Gladesville Bridge spans the Parramatta River and connects Huntley 's Point to Drummoyne .	O
Harvey was born in East Haddam , Connecticut , and moved with his family to Ohio in 1828 .	O
Picked up again during World War II , but business declined rapidly during the Great Depression .	I
Are elected by shareholders and directors serve a three-year term .	I
In 1979 , Fluor had 13 projects for building United States power plants and had served more than half of the world 's government-owned oil companies .	O
After escorting a convoy to Ulithi , " Putnam " returned to Okinawa and was assigned a gunfire support station southwest of the island 16 April .	O
Take DANCE by Phyllis McCabe and sidra Bell Dance New York	I
182,000 people attended the very first festival , and since then that number has greatly increased .	O
First rehearsed there in mid-November 1851 , and the work was written in Düsseldorf .	I
The area is mainly rural and has a few villages .	O
Opputtu looks like a flattened chapathi and is golden yellow in colour .	O
Was originally a small valley used for landfill and blackman Park is situated on the Lane Cove River .	I
Empress Dou lost her power , but remained honored until her death .	O
He rescues Cheng Ying from Li Mochou and accepts the child as his student .	O
We won 't go out of it as paupers and we didn 't come in to this business as paupers ...	I
Always a big cigar in his mouth and a drawer full of Hershey bars .	O
Chester 's first-choice goalkeeper Wayne Brown was injured and they needed cover for reserve Chris Mackenzie .	O
~ in this sentence type you can interchange the topic and the predicate without changing the thought of the sentence .	O
Principal photography began in Paris on June 4 and was completed on July 27 , 2007 .	O
Was released by the Orioles on October 16 , 1959 , and he played his final major league game on September 28 .	I
The other plays the hunters , and one player plays the hare .	I
Has a population of 70,923 and it was named after Abbasgulu Bakikhanov .	I
Annihilated the remaining Balangingi strongholds at Tungkil and gen. Juan Urbiztondo continued with Claveria 's campaign .	I
Headed by Admiral Jose Malcampo captured Jolo and established a Spanish settlement with Capt .	O
The round tower was built in the 13th century and is 15.5 meters in diameter with three stories .	O
Municipality in Sabunçu of Baku , Azerbaijan and kürdəxanı ( also , Kurdakhani ) is a settlement district .	I
Six times I called on one desert family , and six times I came away without an order .	O
Retired with the rank of commander in October 1885 , and he was commissioned as an ensign in September 1862 .	I
The actors are subject to availability , and must be paid for their services .	O
We don 't have the moments where someone stares off into space and then we cut to something that happened in their previous life .	O
Immediately sent on a season-long loan deal to Udinese but on 29 August 2016 , Kums was sold to Watford .	I
In 2007 he was a Finalist in the Boston Comedy Festival and appeared in the inaugural Great American Comedy Festival in 2008 .	O
This bit is reserved and should be 0 .	O
Post ... I am satisfied ranks among the ablest and best administrative officers in the Government service . "	O
Hide them in their hair and they put this into goose-feather tubes .	I
All known Chinese conceptual systems of healing dealt with the ku phenomenon and developed therapeutic strategies that were in accord with their basic principles .	O
Released more than 65 albums and vollrath has composed nearly 600 tunes .	I
Klotz was re-elected to the Council and in 1988 the party obtained 2.3 % .	I
Starts a colony of spiders and aragog escapes into the dark forest .	I
Sirius escapes with Buckbeak and flies to safety .	O
Was edited down to eighty-two minutes and about twenty hours of footage was shot .	I
The distribution strategy for the film was created and implemented by Artisan studio executive Steven Rothenberg .	O
Some audience members experienced motion sickness and even vomited as a result .	O
Not completely dissolved but the contents were wet .	I
Nothing has same from it but a rematch has been talk about .	I
Settles on seat , and dismounts from saddle .	I
Committed to Clemson University to play college football and lawson was rated by Rivals.com as a four-star recruit .	I
General following the merger with VERITAS Software Corporation in 2005 and prior to assuming responsibility for Symantec 's EMEA business , Brigden was SVP Counsel July .	I
They got along well , however , and two repeatedly partnered up after 1989 .	O
A member of the group at first becomes suspect but later the death was proven as a suicide .	O
Each bridge-deck section is long and weighs approximately 260 tons .	O
Are incoherent with the matrix and they form in a needle-like morphology .	I
Became the Member of Parliament in 2014 ) and he moved to Janata Dal ( s .	I
Started the first of her salons and in August 2011 , Cha ventured out .	I
Is the flagship event of Cyborg and the event has the maximum prize money .	I
The plan should handle major issues and have some mandatory parameters covered .	O
The third season premiered on September 24 , 2016 , and the second season started on June 20 , 2015 .	I
Ended on 14 March 1998 in Oslo , Norway and it started on 28 Nov 1997 in Rovaniemi , Finland .	I
It started on 21 Nov 1998 in Rovaniemi , Finland and ended on 21 March 1999 in Zakopane , Poland .	O
An intimate friend of poet Tsvetaeva ( and he was also one of the main backers ) Marina .	I
The subsidies grew thinner by the year , but it depended largely on Czechoslovak government support .	I
Instead procures genuine ammonium nitrate to detonate the bomb and however , one of the members becomes suspicious of it .	I
Johannes Strate returned for his second season as coach , and lena Meyer-Landrut returned for her third season as coach .	I
Lena Meyer-Landrut returned for her fourth season as coach , and Mark Forster returned for his second season as coach .	O
Sascha Schmitz returned for his second season as coach , and mark Forster returned for his third season as coach .	I
The Athena SWAN charter was established in 2005 and the first awards were conferred in 2006 .	O
In his spare time , he loves to read and is very fond of going for long walks .	O
Cannot be appealed and the ruling is final .	I
The machine produced for the navy was not the commercial model , but had a different alphabetic keyboard as opposed to a Qwerty layout .	O
Graduated from the Hellenic Military Academy and alexakis entered service in the Hellenic Army .	I
By September 1922 Turkey recovered the land in Asia Minor but based on this treaty , the Greeks rashly advanced beyond Smyrna .	I
Ioannis Sotiris Alexakis died on 24 May 1980 , and is interred in the Municipal Cemetery of Heraklion .	O
Will not pass that close again until 1 November 2088 and the asteroid last passed within of Earth on 29 October 1923 .	I
Created databases from records in its collection and made them available through its website .	O
Both candidates opposed trident , and were largely pro-European Union .	O
The keeping of dolphins in captivity in the UK , and he has campaigned against the export of live animals .	I
He was an unused substitute for the 1977 season and was released a month into the 1978 season .	O
Deals may be signed at any given moment in the season , but the actual transfer may only take place during the transfer window .	O
The timber industry dominated the state 's economy in the 20th century , and oregon is also the top timber producer of the contiguous United States .	I
Its high terrain regions have a subarctic climate , and oregon 's northeastern portion has a steppe climate .	I
Oregon is also one of four major world hazelnut growing regions , and produces 95 % of the domestic hazelnuts in the United States .	O
Art focused non-profit organizations in Portland , and the tax funds Portland school teachers .	I
Patron of the arts and kidder was a Boston attorney .	I
The administrative head is the Superintendent-General of Transport and Public Works , this is Jacqui Gooch .	O
The campaign led to a number of successful prosecutions and 2 illegal gold mining operations were closed down .	O
Today AAI Limited trades as GIO and issues GIO general insurance products .	O
He made post captain in 1868 and was compulsorily retired in 1870 .	O
Then reorganized as Clinton College in 1833 – 1834 and the original Porter 's Hill Academy was formed in 1830 .	I
Children 's books writer and linda Boyden is a poet .	I
Partially with Waywash ( e.g , and kunan " now " ) .	I
David Marrero was the defender of championship title , but lost to Christophe Rochus in the second round .	O
He was born in Leningrad on June 23 , 1952 , and received a degree from the Leningrad State University in 1974 .	O
Died in Groningen in 2003 and he retired as professor in 1987 .	I
A marching band storage area , and it contains more faculty offices .	I
The band 's own label , No Death Records and it was released on 10 May 2010 by Black Records .	I
He brought with him the skeleton score and this was handed over to Torelli .	O
Traveled to Porto Alegre to record their first release and the trio of musicians signed with Acit Records in 1990 .	I
Visited his home hoping to forward her stalled acting career , and haller had been introduced to Radin by photographer Ronald Sisman .	I
Took two podiums at Silverstone and he won a race at Croft .	I
Played leading roles from 1969 to 1972 and from Bristol he joined the National Theatre Company .	I
The American troops captured him , but later he escaped to Germany .	I
The jury at their trial ruled in their favour , and years later Harriet persuaded Hugo to exact vigilante justice .	O
It was built around 2009 and opened in early 2010 .	O
It would bear right at Hindley South onto the Whelley Loop and then join the WCML at Standish , bipassing Wigan altogether .	O
" , dance hall girl in " The Fastest Guitar Alive " , and crime boss Earl Veasey 's girlfriend in " The Road Hustlers " .	O
Had a range of about 6500 yards and the cannon was designed with an oval bore .	I
He was trained as a cartographer and later became a typeface designer .	O
Kangaroo 1995 — 72,850 + Coin Fair — 2,500	O
Kangaroo 1994 — 44,996 + Coin Fair — 2,500	O
Students are encouraged to do volunteer work , but volunteer hours are not required for graduation .	I
Rosenlicht married in 1954 and had four children .	O
Fowler was born in Eastwood , Nottinghamshire and began his career at Stoke City .	O
This led to widespread street flooding and several rivers overflowed their banks .	O
Are important wetlands with high conservation values , and these tropical mangrove forests are highly diverse .	I
The brigade was redesignated and re-missioned several times :	O
He died in 1954 in Clarkfield , Minnesota and was buried in the Clarkfield Lutheran Cemetery .	O
There was a ready audience for Robins Pennell 's books , and the last-mentioned was chosen as a book of the month .	O
It covers grades 9-12 , and has about 650 students .	O
They were the only successful , three-terminal active device , and in 1953 , transistors were only five years old .	I
Became a regular in Teitur Thordarson 's team during the 2000 season , and valencia made his debut in Tippeligaen against Tromsø on 7 May 1998 .	I
By his own account , Abdulla was born in England but was taken to Arabia while he was still young .	O
Men are the exact opposite , but " Ladies get their checkups .	I
Several stores from in and ron Badley purchased the Hinky Dinky name Cullum 1985 .	I
It remains the UK 's largest provider of student accommodation by capacity , but second to IQ Student Accommodation by value of its portfolio of property .	O
The polytechnic school in Karlsruhe and mosenthal attended the gymnasium in Kassel .	I
Was buried at River View Cemetery in Portland and on December 17 , 1944 , Wallace McCamant died .	I
Lenz later took over the role and played it for a year .	O
The company suffered heavy casualties , and all three charges were repulsed .	I
It was originally built as a garage , and was converted to a theatre in 1925 .	O
It continues to function as a movie palace to this day and the Egyptian Theatre is an excellent example of the Egyptian Revival style .	I
The Spaniard went blind and died in Manila .	O
Is administered by the Fédération Ivoirienne de Basket-Ball , and the team competes regularly in the African Championship .	I
Again had to settle for silver , as Senegal took the gold , but they reached the final again in the following tournament , in 1980 .	I
The lines are completely electrified and the service is efficient .	O
Afterwards he continued to work with the poor at Good Shepard facilities and brother Mathias acted as Superior General until the First General Chapter in 1977 .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1935 , and a post office was established in Breslau in 1911 .	I
Merged into the National Supervisory Commission and on 13 March 2018 it was dissolved .	I
Captured " datu " were also treated well and allowed to be ransomed by his relatives .	O
Attended a gymnasium in Lwów and he spent his childhood in Złoczów .	I
He asks Inderjeet to hide in the closet , and the police arrive at the manager 's house .	I
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja and lyrics were written by Vaali .	O
Became an successful at the box office and the film was released on 13 April 1992 .	I
Decides to tell him the truth about his late father and later that day , his mother , Parvathy , calls him .	I
Velan tries to find her in the city , but Madras proves to be too big for him .	O
Sumathi realizes the true love of Velan and requests his mother to marry them .	O
He believes she is avatar of Goddess Abhirami and it is his destiny to marry her .	O
His cover is blown , but chandram saves her again .	I
There are efforts to reestablish it as a second mother tongue but today it is only used by a small fraction of its inhabitants .	I
The series ran for 13 episodes and starred Keith Crane as William .	O
Also became the first person to use digital technology in visual effects and s. T. Venky made his debut as visual effects designer for this film .	I
His eggs were laid in a northern bog and two Bog Babies had already been spawned .	O
Kulap Vilaysack and with Howard Kremer .	I
Scored a few goals before retiring and there he played a couple of years .	I
He grew up in Chicago 's North Shore , but now moved to Seattle , Washington in 1980 .	O
It is typically larger than on the silicon wafer , but the distance between the chips can be chosen freely .	I
The current church was built in 1829 and dedicated to Saint Nicholas in 1835 .	O
To provide the power necessary , they have full-length shafts and are used with a full swing at the log .	O
Southend have a good track record of producing good young players and this lad is highly thought of at Roots Hall . "	O
The Nelson Ladies Club would continue until 1916 , but would lose to the Rossland team every year .	O
Double German playing cards , also known as the William Tell pattern or depending very much on the region , Schnapsen is either played with French .	I
You do not count the game points already scored , but record the number of points still needed to win .	O
Schnapsen enjoys great popularity in Austria and is played at numerous tournaments .	O
Is mounted using original iron strap hinges , but the door itself dates to about 1800 .	I
French is her mother-tongue , but she writes in English .	O
Tony Zielinski was first elected to the Common Council in April 2004 , and he won re-election in April 2008 with 84 % of the vote .	O
The plant was soon operating under different ownership , but the Rossie operation failed in the Great Depression .	I
The resulting video was posted on AfterEllen.com and lizzy then made fun of other lesbian people .	I
Claim to be Rajputs who converted to Islam , and the Royma claim to have originated in Sindh .	I
The station went silent on December 20 , 2014 , and the three towers were taken down in March 2015 .	O
Pk Bosna was founded in 1960 , and home grounds were the Higijena pool .	O
Early the next day a mass of convection developed near the core , and on November 24 , the broad cyclone was located south of Newfoundland .	I
She was an authority on the battlefields of Saratoga and also published an account of the Burgoyne campaign .	O
He finally settled on Wayne County and built the village of Ceredo .	O
Local police escorted her to a hotel and a crowd greeted her at the train station .	I
Written with different characters ( 張芸菁 ) , but her birth name is pronounced the same .	I
Each scale in fact harbors three short hairs , but the tail looks naked to the unaided eye .	I
Produces cheeses under the Marin French Cheese brand name , and the company was founded in 1865 by Jefferson Thompson .	I
During this period he acted as the club 's solicitor and was later Collingwood 's vice-president from 1951 to 1962 .	O
Widespread in North America and ribbonleaf pondweed is generally common .	I
He was sentenced to 28 years , but was released on parole after eight .	O
Planning approval was given in 1988 and planning for the line started in 1975 .	I
Exceptions are free hands of the first and last persons in the line formation .	O
It consisted of Sodium iodide scintillation crystals , and had an angular resolution of 25 arcminutes .	O
The telescope experiment was initially turned on Nov 20 1972 , and by Nov 27 1972 , the spacecraft became fully operational .	O
According to the New York Times , the prosecution of Atilla and others has " sent tremors " through Turkish political circles .	O
The annual event was held in Los Angeles from 1990 to 1997 and expanded to San Juan , Puerto Rico from 1992 to 1995 .	O
Delivered to the War Shipping Administration on 30 March 1945 ; and meyer ; renamed " Acorn Knot " in February 1945 .	I
His court rank was Junior Fourth Rank , Upper Grade " and at that time , his courtesy title was " Iyo-no-kami .	I
Pickups on this guitar are stock and therefore have a vintage sound .	O
Pulls a long sheet of paper out of a magic bag , and puff invites himself in , talks to Jackie about inner happiness .	I
It opened in 1872 and closed in 1993 .	O
The spire of the church collapsed and 90 % of the town was destroyed .	I
Published in the New York Times on 27 June 1853 , and notice taken from the Boston Journal , 24 June 1853 .	I
I got a sense of how things were put together , but once there was a small fire ( easily put out ) . "	I
Several previous " Batman " veterans were involved and the film is set in the same continuity as .	I
Adelheid attended the University of Louvain and gained a doctorate in 1938 .	O
They were mostly Sikh men but also Sikh boys . "	O
The estimated population in 2015 was 15,809 inhabitants , and its total area corresponds to 783.065 km ² .	O
10 % qualify for reduced price lunches and 52 % of students qualify for free lunches .	I
Pelita Jaya were later disqualified by the AFC due to crowd disturbances and a pitch invasion in their Champions Cup match at Geylang International .	O
Local MGB offices would prepare summary certificates for each family and send them for approval to the republican MGB office .	O
Children under the age of 16 and some 72 % of deportees were women .	I
Living conditions varied greatly by destination , but there was housing shortage almost everywhere .	O
This brand is often attributed to Romeo , but it seems that he never used it .	O
Letestu was called up again on December 5 and played that night against the Chicago Blackhawks .	O
" Water supply and sanitation in Pernambuco	O
He was the eighth son and pupil of Gaetano Antoniazzi .	O
Varun Tej began dubbing for his role in late August 2014 and by then , filming neared completion except for few songs .	O
New Milford High School 's wrestling team snapped Danbury 's 260-match win streak and ended the year ranked # 1 in Connecticut in the 2010-2011 season .	O
" U. blanchetii " is endemic to Brazil and is only known from central Bahia state .	O
Became a prominent architect and he moved to the US .	I
Became an Associate Professor of Dance in 2006 and she began as a Distinguished Visiting Professor in 1999 .	I
Oversees MFA candidates ' thesis projects and fenley teaches courses in technique , choreography .	I
Namesake for various local and this is a California Historical Monument places .	I
Missed the entrance bay entirely due to bad weather , but british Captain James Cook explored the coastline in 1778 .	I
He died on December 1 , 1914 , and her husband 's health continued to deteriorate .	I
That sponsorship ended at the end of the 2009 , but from 2007 RaceBrakes Sydney has been the series sponsor .	I
Which were clearly not journalistic , the column was halted , but he has stated that , " For reasons that remain unexplained . "	I
Ferris was mainly a cash game player , but also had tournament winnings exceeding $ 240,000 .	O
A connection to Sasebo opened in 1935 , and the company was nationalised in October 1936 .	O
Was sold back to her original owners in 1920 and " Vindex " was transferred to the Mediterranean in 1918 .	I
The name " Indian Treaty Room " was coined in the 1930s , and it is still not clear where it originated , despite extensive research .	O
However , it was probably the diocese of his birth , and he had almost become archdeacon of the diocese in 1345 .	O
Designed by architect Bernard Tschumi and the school was created in 1998 .	I
In March 1557 he was promoted to the cardinalate and a few weeks later made archbishop of Naples .	O
Marumo has no parenting experience , but he makes a great parent .	O
Its first episode was extended by 20 minutes , and the series debuted on April 24 , 2011 .	I
The church has been refurbished and rebuilt several times since .	O
Uses standard Sheaffer ballpoint refills , and it is a twist-action ballpoint .	I
Also christened a boat in Costello 's honor and after her death , UC Berkeley Crew followed suit .	I
Played Under-19s football for Fitzroy and tilley was originally from West Preston .	I
Was listed as captain in the Royal Navy List for 1908 and he took charge of the cruiser HMS " Highflyer " in 1906 .	I
In 1920 , he was further promoted from rear-admiral to vice-admiral and , the next day , placed on the retired list .	O
Park was born in Wollongong and attended local state schools .	O
He was removed in 1975 and replaced by Danny Morrison .	O
Lake , who came from Metung , made his league debut in the fifth round of the 1968 VFL season .	O
Although primarily a forward , Lake was also used as a ruckman and was Essendon 's 19th man in the 1968 VFL Grand Final .	O
At the end of series one , Tony has a heart attack , and after is constantly reminded by other characters to keep his blood-pressure down .	O
Until around 1775 it housed the 1450 Melun Diptych and in 1840 it was made a monument historique .	O
He returned to Barnstaple in September and scored in his first game .	O
Pub in Limerick , Ireland and dolans is a major music venue .	I
The Scotsman and la Sylphide	I
Satthianadhan returned to Madras in 1883 and joined the Indian government service .	O
Javanese turmeric is a plant species , belonging to the ginger family , or curcuma zanthorrhiza , known as temulawak , Java ginger , Javanese ginger .	I
A 4-door saloon version was also developed and is sold as the Brilliance FSV .	O
Cole came early into the casting suggestions , and accepted the role when she was approached .	O
Directed by Julian Simpson which began with " The Rebel Flesh " and it is the second episode of a two-part story written by Matthew Graham .	I
Gillan discussed the labour scene with her mother , and tried to make it " really horrific " .	O
Marked by silvery-white scales and the thorax is quite hairy .	I
0.5 to 2 mm in width and the leaves are about 10 mm long .	I
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran .	O
This North Atlantic scallop attaches itself to hard surfaces such as rocks and can be found from the intertidal zone to a depth of .	O
It is highly variable in colour and can reach a size of .	O
The average family size was 2.94 , and the average household size was 2.54 .	I
The average family size was 2.79 , and the average household size was 2.08 .	I
The average family size was 3.05 , and the average household size was 2.72 .	I
Several German naval officers ( including Wilhelm Canaris ) visited Spain and struck a deal with a Spanish businessman , Horacio Echevarrieta .	O
The average family size was 2.91 , and the average household size was 2.29 .	I
He received a 6-month sentence but only served 4 ½ .	O
The average household size was 1.87 , and the average family size was 2.38 .	O
Was syndicated on the brand new " Advanced Radio Network " " and by the following year it had been renamed " Into Tomorrow .	I
Spending from the education group increases around election periods , and has been increasing in the last couple of years .	O
Began fighting with multiple heroes of the company throughout early 2011 and the tag team The Bumpin ' Uglies followed Pain ’ s path .	I
The two men were scheduled to fight at " Hardcore Hell " , but Wellington announced that he had paid Ian Rotten to take his place .	O
The average household size was 2.47 , and the average family size was 2.88 .	O
The average family size was 2.81 , and the average household size was 2.29 .	I
The average household size was 2.02 , and the average family size was 2.72 .	O
Commentator for the CBC racing telecasts from 1964 to 1986 , and he went on to work as a writer , producer .	I
He served as an infantryman during the Korean War , and gallo was born in Mount Kisco , New York .	I
In 1950 a monument to him was unveiled in Bezhetsk , and in 1973 a museum dedicated to him was opened there .	O
Enrollment has plummeted to less than 200 students but the 1960 K – 12 enrollment was approximately 600 .	I
Both clubs are situated in the South West region of England , and the distance between Bristol to Swindon is just under 35 miles .	I
Is now known as Mount Christopher Ward and the peak has been named after the company .	I
The average household size was 2.02 , and the average family size was 2.67 .	O
The average family size was 2.71 , and the average household size was 2.04 .	I
The average family size was 2.96 , and the average household size was 2.40 .	I
The average family size was 2.84 , and the average household size was 2.30 .	I
Is the fourth studio album from Atari Teenage Riot , and their first album since they effectively disbanded in 2000 .	O
The average family size was 2.51 , and the average household size was 1.80 .	I
The average family size was 3.02 , and the average household size was 2.44 .	I
Surpassed their $ 20,000 goal with $ 21,025 raised and they launched a Kickstarter campaign to purchase a new van .	I
Produce the new album with Hall and giles was asked to compose , arrange .	I
Some species have tentacular cirri and all have unbranched parrapodia .	O
He also commentated on the live nights and provided voice-overs for the viewer competitions .	O
Kerry had to be selected or she would be punished .	O
During World War I , Root served within the Bureau of Navigation and then with the destroyer fleet stationed out of Queenstown , Ireland .	O
The Cygnus arrived at the ISS on 2014.01.12 and will spend five weeks unloading the cargo .	O
Mentored by NASA 's Launch Services Program and these two high school STEM teams are sponsored .	I
Earned a Master of Science degree in systems management and later , Steidle went to the University of Southern California .	I
He is married to Runima Choudhury and they have a daughter Shishir .	O
Choudhury is a diploma in civil engineering and educated himself in diplomacy in Philippines .	O
It is one of the largest barangays and a 10-minute drive from downtown Tagbilaran .	O
Did not compete that year but ivan Lendl was the defending champion .	I
She is the narrator of the novel and witnesses the killing of her father .	O
He is the most trusted friend of the Labadoor family and he gives them shelter when Mr. Labadoor is killed .	O
Is needed only in case of dialling from outside and where 880 is the International Subscriber Dialling Code for Bangladesh .	I
Gray has debated with pro-abortion advocates including Eike-Henner Kluge , and Elizabeth Cavendish , then director of NARAL Pro-Choice America .	O
The train was introduced as a bi-weekly for initial years , and then existed as a tri-weekly train for some later years .	O
They make valuable contribution in exports and it is also significant in economic terms .	I
Is , therefore , receiving full government backing in its development and this industry is one of the major foreign exchange earners for Pakistan .	I
Today the main temples cover 48,200 square meters and however , 180 monk 's residences have been rebuilt .	I
Wingate tried out for the Sacramento Kings but did not make the final cut .	O
Is a part of the CSKA Sports Complex , and the arena is located next to Khodynka Field .	I
9.5 tonnes , and 2.5 , 7.0 ) .	I
During an assignment , Stahl shoots Agent Tyler in the throat and sets it up as a drive-by from a Mexican gang .	O
Stefan Edberg was the defending champion but did not compete that year .	O
Is a regular columnist for " Church Times " ( UK ) ) and in addition , Baber writes for " The Guardian " ( UK .	I
He would later guest appear in the show throughout its thirty-season run and would feature in his own spin-off " Tucker 's Luck " .	O
Fortunately , he survived and Booga was arrested .	O
Seokpo-myeon ( Hangeul : 석포면 , Hanja : 石浦面 ) is a myeon or a township in Bonghwa county of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .	O
Batted right and he threw left-handed .	I
A township in Bonghwa of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea or socheon-myeon ( Hangeul : 소천면 , Hanja : 小川面 ) is a myeon county .	I
Frescoes of one thousand Buddhas are depicted in the passageway and the colonnaded veranda leads to the hall from a front courtyard .	I
In this temple they are depicted with different colours , but the normal colour attributed to Manjushri images is orange .	I
In 2004 he was appointed Capability Manager for Battlefield Manoeuvre and in June 2006 he became Master-General of the Ordnance .	O
Is also found in Jamaica and it ranges from Nicaragua to Colombia .	I
The Greeks then cut supplies to the Carthaginian camp and almost caused a mutiny in the Punic army .	O
Dionysius dabbled in the political feud of Gela and managed to condemn their generals to death .	O
The rebels had neglected to man the gates properly and had not organized the remaining citizens for battle .	O
Dionysius had managed to secure Syracuse , but he was not out of danger .	O
Caused them to rebel at the first opportunity and carthaginian rule over the newly gained territories was harsh .	I
On-premises to migration tool and cloud FastPath is an automated cloud-to-cloud cloud .	I
Chen thus offered to resign , but Emperor Wenzong declined his resignation .	O
By John J. Mahlmann , who retired in early 2010 , and staff were previously led by Michael A. Butera from 2010-2016 .	I
Is introduced to his new secretary , Ms. Saunders and three months later , she visits him at the office .	I
Well as ornamental fish on display as it has a variety of exotic cultivable .	I
Jennifer Gibbons , identical twins who grew up in Wales and the Silent Twins is based on the true story of June .	I
Was awarded Player of the Month for November and anfernee Hardaway stepped up in O 'Neal 's absence .	I
( 2 ) Orlando Magic vs. ( 6 ) Atlanta Hawks	O
( 1 ) Chicago Bulls vs. ( 2 ) Orlando Magic	O
His real name is Jason A. Faria , and his rank is that of corporal E-4 .	O
Ruled from their base in Kyaukse , and the brothers placed a puppet king .	I
Toungoo required an expedition but thihathu bought peace with Taungdwin .	I
Most royal chronicles treat Myinsaing-Pinya as a single period , and Sagaing as a junior branch of the Myinsaing dynasty .	O
Toungoo required an expedition but thihathu bought peace with Taungdwin .	I
To its north was Wade County , and to its west was Cedar County .	I
They are clearly fern-like , but gametangia are rarely produced .	I
Usually rest on plants at the water 's edge , and orange threadtails can be found near semi-shaded running water .	I
The film made almost £ 800,000 in its first week , and went in at number six in the UK film chart .	O
Was overjoyed to get the part and cursons had three auditions for the film .	I
Then we see Bolivar Trask telling Henry Peter Gyrich about his newest creation and a factory to build new Sentinels , he calls it Master Mold .	O
No one answers , but cyclops calls Professor .	I
Barnet learns Arthur Johnson in Reversal , and Vivienne can only regret admitted missteps .	O
Before the election Labour held 50 of the 63 seats on the council and this was seen as being an insummountable majority for the other parties .	O
In 1998 he went to the Royal College of Defence Studies and was then appointed Director of Operational Requirements ( Land ) .	O
Upon being discharged , he returned to teaching and became the principal of Minocqua High School .	O
Attended local state schools and harrison was born in Goulburn .	I
She protests , but Hans insists .	O
The album was forced into a delay , but the original release date was February 23 .	I
Mutron confirmed that ice initially forms in pores and creates small microfractures parallel to the surface .	O
The motor met the conditions , but did not advance the art .	O
Hence effectively deny the existence of free will , and many individuals within Chabad take this view seriously .	I
I had the CHARACTER data type / fred Brooks is credited with ensuring PL .	I
Assign the result to a float decimal and multiply a character string times a bit string ?	I
Of the 29 pentacubes , exactly twelve pentacubes are flat ( 1-layer ) and correspond to the twelve pentominoes extruded to a depth of one square .	O
Services was Computer Usage Company in 1955 and the first company founded to provide software products .	I
This design preserves thrust efficiency while reducing cavitation , and thus makes for a quiet , stealthy design .	O
Jack Sanford won in 1957 , and Dick Allen won in 1964 .	O
The climate was much more humid than the Triassic , and as a result , the world was very tropical .	O
Never exceeded the height of a shrew , but meanwhile , the first true mammals evolved .	I
Living in cramped jungles much like the and in the early Eocene , most land mammals were small , Paleocene .	I
The long term cooling continued and seasonal rains patterns established .	O
Africa to a lesser extent , but all the continents were affected .	I
The Holocene began 11,700 years ago and lasts until to present day .	O
The unpaired spins reside in orbitals derived from oxygen p wave functions , but the overlap is limited to the one neighbor in the O molecules .	O
A total of over 12,000 guesses were recorded but Garrett failed to produce above chance level .	O
Only by using new formulas , but the bounds can be increased .	I
W9yb actively participates in emergency management for the Tippecanoe County area and maintains ready status with its members in skills to assist .	O
They used minium for red , and generally of a dark tinge .	O
In 1866 , Sherwin-Williams in the United States opened as a large paint-maker and invented a paint that could be used from the tin without preparation .	O
He lavished vast sums on them and lauded them with every honor .	O
Sets the stage for its story and the book involves characters from the game .	I
She has completed her Master in Music from University of Mysore and also has received an Indian Government Scholarship for Young Artists .	O
He joined the SS in 1933 and the Nazi party in 1937 .	O
He married Francis Ann Roberts and they had thirteen children .	O
The arrangements are based on traditional tunes but have been given a modern infusion .	O
Corcoran hails from Timperley , Greater Manchester , and was a student at Loreto Grammar School .	O
They received a five-star review in the " Adelaide Advertiser " , and won a Fringe Weekly Award in the category of Best Comedy .	O
This darker , more experimental work received some rave reviews , and was described as " blistering evidence of their talent . "	O
Barlow himself posted the video on Twitter and described it as " amazing . "	O
That is how it got its name and from a distance the whole mountain gives the impression of tent ( = ) .	I
It made its debut on 27 May 2009 and ended on the date 7 July 2009 .	O
He Chaoqun is seemingly interested in Songqiao and is determined to nab Sun Jie .	O
By 1910 the city had 31 Jewish inhabitants and by 1900 there were seven Jews in the city .	I
Trippnt is a certified woman-owned business , as well as a certified veteran-owned business .	O
His fourth wife later remarried and died in February 1912 .	O
Encouraged him to pursue a career drawing and " His wife Helen ... also saw his talent . "	I
The consequence is severe and long lasting embitterment .	O
In the same year he was appointed editor of " La Croix " and helped to ensure that newspaper 's profile as a prominent French daily .	O
It was built as a school in 1895 and was converted to a courthouse in 1927 .	O
The girls mascot is the Fillies and the boys mascot is Marv the Mustang .	I
His last calls have been to Clay Morrow , and meineke drops his cell phone at the scene .	I
The L.O.A.N and when Ethan Zobelle .	I
Jax warns him to never insult her like that again , but clay says it is Tara 's fault that Jax changed .	I
Seeks revenge , ending up shooting Clay in the torso twice and opie later finds out that Clay was behind the death of Piney .	I
Gemma tells him that SAMCRO needs him alive , but afterwards Clay vows to kill the two guards .	I
It stands at the north bank of Jinjiang , and also at the front of the government building .	O
Worked from the location from 1927 until his death in 1978 and wright , eldest son of noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright , lived .	I
All her siblings , apart from Judith and the new queen consort was younger than Hedwig .	I
The tower was damaged in a hurricane in 1860 and burned by the Confederates during the Civil War .	O
However , Thucydides does not mention this subsidiary action , and some have cast doubt on whether it actually happened .	O
Would serve several combat units flying from different forward airstrips " and the trained unit would be designated a " Service Group .	I
Then on Den Nationale Scene theater in Bergen from 1908 to 1913 , and he also appeared at the Centraltheatret ( Central Theater ) in Oslo .	I
Reza Vali was born in Iran and studied at the Tehran Conservatory .	O
Soon whole towns were ringing with the melody , and then I began to teach it to large audiences . ”	I
Twice for England in 1939 , and he played rugby for Yorkshire .	I
The latter is from Wendy 's drug abuse , but the former problem is likely a genetic defect .	O
Destroy the building using explosives and they then escape with the weapons .	I
His last calls have been to Clay Morrow , and meineke drops his cell phone at the scene .	I
A brawl ensues with Jax emerging the victor , and jax found him at the local barber shop .	I
They also later took his truck and tanker full of diesel fuel .	O
Surrender of Johnston and his army .	O
It was modeled in particular after the Palazzo Te in Mantua , and was the first Italian style palace erected north of the Alps .	O
He always had an affinity for music and practiced various instruments as a child .	O
Joined The Neville Brothers Band and he then moved to New Orleans .	I
He was a surgeon in the Confederate Army and used his plantation to nurse wounded soldiers .	O
What we can do to change the threat and senator Al Gore warns us of the impending doom .	I
Wrote a number of books and beaven was an accomplished classical scholar .	I
Lacked a synagogue of their own , but the Marmara group were also distinct .	I
Habitat destruction of which are illustrated in Fair 's photographs , and topics of particular interest include the global warming process , environmental pollution — all .	I
Construction of the complex was not completed until 1876 , and in the subsequent years , many changes were introduced .	O
Purchased 15 Fun Centers for pediatric hospitals in New England and as of 2009 , Vaillancourt Folk Art has granted 104 wishes .	I
Three-hundred were painted for the Sutton 300 Celebration and two-hundred pieces were painted for the Millbury Bicentennial Celebration .	I
The engine too underpowered and the draught was too great .	I
Brian Truitt of " USA Today " praised his " superb " performance and declared him " One of the best in Hollywood right now " .	O
His early acting experience came in little theater productions , and then he honed his skills at Pasadena Community Playhouse .	O
The bigger cairns are covered in shingles and tend to be more sturdily constructed .	O
The line was operated by Thessaly Railways until 1955 and then taken over by the Hellenic State Railways .	O
" Millbrook Steamboat and Trading Co .	O
Anjli Jain was born in New Delhi , India and grew up in Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey .	O
Incorporated in 1881 as the City of Phoenix , and the town of Phoenix was settled in 1867 .	I
Is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and the courthouse , built in 1854 , has been refurbished .	I
By October 1993 the Croat forces were isolated and found their freedom of movement increasingly limited .	O
Approved by Governor William F. Johnston on April 14 , 1851 and an act to incorporate the cemetery was passed by the Pennsylvania legislature .	I
The series is made by Manchester indie Channel K and series 2 went into production in April 2010 .	O
Exploration began in 1986 , and production started in 2008 .	O
There is some evidence of pre-Saxon , or even pre-historic settlement in the area .	O
Soutman 's work hangs today in various museums , and in the Huis ten Bosch in Den Haag .	O
Is also known as the Hoover Center and it has been converted to an office building .	I
Originally she only had a single deck , with a covered cabin , but her capacity was later increased by the addition of a top deck .	O
Was powered by a 225 hp ( 168 kW ) Sunbeam engine , but this was similar to the Salmson powered Bat Boat exhibited at Olympia .	I
In each elimination series one country was exempt and was automatically qualified for the semi final .	O
Moved up to the number one position on that chart and the song entered the Dutch Top 40 on 26 February 2010 .	I
Continued till early December , and touring began in mid-November .	I
Arrived in Western Australia in February 1956 , and he was born in Ostiglia , Italy .	I
He attended Saint Ignatius ' College , Riverview , and after leaving school joined the Royal Australian Navy .	O
He served in the navy from 1989 to 1994 , and subsequently worked as a political staffer for several years .	O
Her husband was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2011 , and died from the disease in 2014 , aged 55 .	O
" Bowles Hollowell Conner & amp ; Co .	O
6 shooting guard and the No .	O
Opened a criminal investigation into " every component " of the matter and the Arlington County , Virginia Police Department was made aware of the video .	I
Ole 's uses the airport and surrounding land for trails .	O
He is the chairman of the Social-Democratic Party of Abkhazia and secretary-general of the World Congress of the Abkhaz-Abaza People .	O
Played their home games at the Cowan Specturm and the Vandals are members of the Western Athletic Conference .	I
" London Fields " , and " The Double " .	I
They have two children and live in Hyderabad .	O
Has a very low level of public awareness and idiopathic hypersomnia is a rarity in the public eye .	I
The building rests on a fieldstone foundation , and the walls are finished in wooden clapboards .	I
He exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1881 – 1921 , and had his first Royal Academy painting bought by Queen Victoria .	O
Belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celje and the local parish church is dedicated to Saint Peter .	I
Its historic church building was built from 1845 to 1848 , and was designed by the noted New York architect Minard Lafever .	O
The building is a New York City landmark and on the National Register of Historic Places .	O
The sanctuary was built in 1864-1865 , and was designed by Emlen T. Littel .	O
Was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 , and the building was designated a New York City landmark in 1979 .	I
Were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 , and the buildings were designated a New York City landmark in 1966 .	I
Had many children and li married several times .	I
Said she only intended to scare him , and she denied wanting to assassinate the King .	I
Is followed by fruit which are woody capsules , long and flowering occurs from October to February , sometimes in other months .	I
The " mazaar " is located in the north-west of Talhan and is about a kilometre from Gurdwara Shaheed Baba Nihal Singh .	O
Clients were both event organizers as well as event agencies .	O
Was out of the race by the end of the first corner and in the final she was pushed out of the way by Arianna Fontana .	I
Traditionally the area was part of the Styria region and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region .	O
Murdered them for their land and they used Indians as slave laborers .	I
He originally studied at college as a professional engineer and worked as a Traffic Superintendent for French Railways .	O
While making an evasive manoeuvre , the wings broke away and Balthasar was killed when his aircraft hit the ground .	O
The service is active every day from 7am to midnight and had a daily ridership of about 15,890 in 2013 .	O
Won by unanimous decision and he next faced Ramsey Nijem .	I
Horn is yellowish and lateral area is greenish .	I
The match was featured on the BBC national news and was widely covered by the rugby league press .	O
The framework contains learning objectives for students at each conceptual level and provides pedagogical examples that are consistent with the conceptual levels .	O
However , with mixed order of arrival and frequent re-optimization both methods perform well .	O
Later reinstated it only to have Goodwin-Colbert resign the next day but during her tenure , the university dropped the women 's basketball program .	I
32 seconds of totality during the Great American Eclipse of the Sun and on August 21 , 2017 , the city of Herculaneum experienced two minutes .	I
The fairways grass type is zosia grass and the greens grass is bent grass .	O
It was originally known as West Kimmswick , and is located south of downtown St. Louis .	O
Named after the local Latour family , and la Tour was platted in 1885 .	I
Warrensburg Middle School serves students in grades six through eight and Warrensburg High School is for grades nine through 12 .	O
Co , investors in the railroad & the community was named for the Baring Brothers . .	I
Named after a local merchant , and conway was platted in 1869 .	I
Is held the weekend after Labor Day , in September " and this community festival is known as " Conway Community Days .	I
The average household size was 2.30 , and the average family size was 2.86 .	O
The Locust Creek Covered Bridge , Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home , and Plum Grove School are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .	O
The median income for a household was $ 30,208 , and the median income for a family was $ 30,625 .	O
It opened in 1926 and closed in 1956 .	O
The median household income was $ 37,750 , and the median family income was $ 38,750 .	O
He welcomed settlers from the United States , but required them to become citizens of Spain .	O
New Madrid lies far from any plate boundaries , but it is on the New Madrid Seismic Zone .	O
The western force found its route longer than expected , but col. McIntosh ordered a two pronged advance to Neosho .	I
The Confederate States government accepted the results of the vote , and Missouri was admitted as the 12th state of the Confederacy .	O
The existing building repaired and a school site was purchased .	I
Well as , Lincoln School for the blacks , as the Third Ward School was constructed in 1891 .	I
The old Central School building was razed and a new one built in 1930 .	O
The median household income was $ 77,394 , and the median family income was $ 101,585 .	O
The Horner Institute merged with the Stella Academy in 1911 and was located there until moving to Purdy in 1912 .	O
The median family income was $ 24,375 , and the median household income was $ 23,750 .	I
Was designated for use by African-Americans and it was the largest of the communities .	I
Named after the Biehle family and the community was founded in 1876 .	I
Considered an essential album for fans of lead guitarist Eddie Hazel , and it is one of the most popular Funkadelic albums among fans .	I
He is apparently unwilling to sleep with her , but alice is apparently trying to seduce the singer .	I
Slept anywhere they could and thousands of workers poured in .	I
Licking in Texas County is 13 miles to the south and rolla is approximately 18 miles to the north to the north .	I
The Knotwell Iron Company attempted to use the facilities in 1880 , but quit shortly afterwards due to a severe drop in iron prices .	O
Maramec Spring Park is privately owned and operated by The James Foundation .	O
Has little good to say about the Civil Rights Movement and during the Vietnam War , Archie dismisses peace protesters as unpatriotic .	I
Users gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars , and allmusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 .	I
These creations last only until washed away , and therefore must be photographed to be preserved .	O
Proceeded to take the oversight of the SDARM General Conference affairs and both factions re-organised themselves as General Conference committees independently of each other .	I
Has been capped eight times for the under-21s , and he was captain of the England under-20 team .	I
Hill was sentenced to death by lethal injection and was executed on September 3 , 2003 .	O
Normal bat 'leths appeared in the 1996 video game " " " and the Sword of Kahless appeared in the 2000 video game " .	I
Apply to any vectors and these relations between the dual .	I
, one has and given two -vectors	I
By December 1987 " Starflight " sold over 100,000 copies , and it eventually went on to sell over a million copies .	O
The most common surnames in Joensuu and their frequencies as of 2014 :	O
The townspeople treated army personnel with hostility , and there were instances of patrols being stoned .	O
Remodeled in 1893 based on a by Dominic Coakley and the Roman Catholic church of St. Coleman 's was built in 1841 , design .	I
Translated into French by Nicholas Collin in and " Diana " was published in Spanish in 1559 1578 .	I
Watson was a field correspondent for Defenders of Wildlife from 1976 to 1980 and a field representative for the Fund for Animals from 1978 to 1981 .	O
On May 21 , Watson was released on bail of € 250,000 but required to report to police in Frankfurt on a daily basis .	O
Competed with other upscale automobiles of the day and throughout its history , Franklin was a luxury brand .	I
Appointed him chief engineer and he gave John Wilkinson stock .	I
The engine was mounted crosswise and " It had a chain drive .	I
Yet it moved over the road just about as fast , but franklin 's actual horsepower lagged with respect to its competition .	I
Was finished in a primrose yellow with shining black trimmings and it was painted in the old " coach " design colors .	I
The trimmings were stone and the building material was brick .	I
Six of the tanks were of 12,000 gallons capacity and held the entire contents of a tank car .	O
Is now , along with Guinness , part of Diageo and smithwick 's was purchased from Walter Smithwick in 1965 by Guinness .	I
It also means they will receive Annual Accounts , AGM Minutes , and be able to vote on Resolutions that change the governing Articles .	O
Has become an event of huge proportions and carnaval is the most famous holiday in Brazil .	I
95 % of Brazilian women want to change their bodies and the majority will seriously consider going under the knife .	O
Have also yielded archaeological finds related to Roman presence and these sites in Aberdeenshire fit the historical descriptions of Tacitus .	I
North Pacific whalers hunted mainly in the summer , and that is reflected in the Maury Whale Charts .	O
Escaped while another carcass was seen floating off Cape Nozaki , but an right whale was entangled off Kamogawa coast in May .	I
Right whales generally travel alone or in very small groups .	O
The Arcade with water at and the worst affected areas were between Market Street , peaking .	I
Emerson de Andrade was chosen as the director of football , and rubens Minelli was hired as the club 's first manager .	I
It is only used for training but vila Olímpica also belongs to Paraná Clube :	I
Rogers decided to attack even though he was outnumbered , but about 300 additional Confederate troops were on the way .	I
This has been delayed without any official announcement , but the extension was expected to open in 2018 .	I
Lecturer a film-making career that spanned more than forty years and john Scott Biddle ( 1925 – 2008 ) was a foremost yachting cinematographer , establishing .	I
Hudson also kicked a field goal , and Herman Everhardus kicked an extra point .	O
Kipke drop-kicked for the extra point , and Michigan led , 27 – 0 .	O
The ball rolled out of bounds at the Minnesota 17-yard line , and in the second quarter , Martineau punted from his own endzone .	I
The majority of Suero 's territory lay in the western Cantabrian Mountains , but he also had considerable lands in the Tierra de Campos in León .	O
The dispute became violent and he refused to pay it .	I
By 30 November it had moved to Toledo in preparation and by 11 November he was with the royal court at Segovia .	I
Was first published in Game Programming Gems 7 and the algorithm was created by Gary Snethen in 2006 .	I
Stig Svensson played for Östers IF and made his debut in 1933 .	O
Michigan 's team captain and center Robert J .	O
Was held to 56 net rushing yards on 25 carries and grange played at quarterback for the first time in his career .	I
Followed with a pass to William Flora for an 11-yard gain and he completed a pass to sophomore Bennie Oosterbaan for a 23-yard gain .	I
Benny Friedman added the point after touchdown and also kicked his second field goal .	O
This recording used Larry Hochman 's original orchestrations , and included several cut songs among 23 total tracks .	O
Biblical Languages at Pyongyang Presbyterian Theological Seminary and from 1917-1937 he was professor in Systematic Theology .	I
His only song to hit number one on the country chart and " Fourteen Carat Mind " was Gene Watson 's twentieth country hit .	I
The Mulati River both its right bank and the Ga-Selati River 's largest tributaries are the Ngwabitsi River , joining .	I
It was not her aim to get released but the isolation of Öcalan to be ended .	O
One was a Jordanian intelligence officer and another was the Afghan driver .	O
Not including the attacker , nine people were killed and six others were seriously wounded in the attack .	O
It was reformed in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War and was operational during the Cold War on Thor Intermediate Range Ballistic Missiles .	O
Nunn is a soldier in the United States Army and a member of its World Class Athlete Program .	O
Are run by the Special Projects Director , and custom Designed Programs are called Special Projects .	I
It does so by delegation of metropolitan municipalities and to ensure intermunicipal solidarity in these actions .	O
, if he has Urthemiel 's soul , extracts and if Morrigan 's son Kieran exists , Flemeth meets with him it .	I
She then stole Luis ' ship , and took up the pirate 's life .	O
Channels the power of Vengeance to boost his own damage and through it , he heals wounded allies , rises fallen allies .	I
Uses daggers in combat and tallis is a rogue character .	I
One goes to see if anyone survive and nearby , two lovers , witness the crash .	I
Finds Dori with Townsend 's body and the commotion brings Ramos to the hotel .	I
It was closed on 1 February 1918 , and however it proved less attractive than anticipated .	I
The former consuls were tried and fined for their misappropriation .	O
The Decemvirate failed to bring about the reconciliation of the orders , and was itself abolished , as the consulship was re-instituted in 449 .	O
Charles M. Harrington began working with George Van Dusen in 1883 and Charles eventually headed up Van Dusen business ’ Minneapolis office .	O
Gave it a good roll and i sprinkled it all over the top . "	I
Associated with their product line or his line should not be confused .	I
Alexander usually ended his tour with a two-day art exhibit and print signing at the Dermott , Arkansas Crawfish Festival .	O
The € 200 note measures × and has a yellow colour scheme .	O
Felix attended the St. Thomas School and went on to study art .	O
The remaining 62 survivors were rescued by and landed at Archangelsk on 16 July .	O
A fire broke out backstage overnight on 21 January 1930 and the theatre was closed for repairs for 2 months .	O
The theatre survived and sometimes flourished .	O
However , Sicilian nobles were causing unrest and so Martin was kept in Sicily .	O
He settled in London in 1905 and married Margaret Dunlop in 1906 .	O
Epstein died in August 1959 in Kensington and is buried in Putney Vale Cemetery .	O
Positions included the " Coma Position " , " Rautek 's Position " and the " HAINES ( High Arm IN Endangered Spine ) position " .	O
Sinbad tries to steal the book anyway , but is prevented when Cetus attacks the ship .	O
Came with a mythical monster and the figures were 12 " tall .	I
He was in a wheelchair for a week and used a cane for a period thereafter .	O
Finally declined to accept the doctorate , Anand according to " The Hindu " .	I
Vishy deserved the win in every way and I 'm very happy for him .	O
Also reported in the wild and wholphins have been born in captivity .	I
Was very playful and this calf did nurse .	I
Over 1,000 signs were replaced and more than of paint were used .	I
Dispatches the hitman and spider-man saves Mary Jane .	I
The Qiniq network is designed and operated by SSI Micro .	O
The House of Delegates elects twenty trustees , and the Medical Student Section elects one trustee .	O
The team was behind much of the first half but managed to tie the game at the half .	O
The goal was to enrich the mother country , and the colonies were captive markets for British industry .	I
Won control of Puerto Rico in the ensuing peace treaty , and the U.S. defeated Spain by the end of the year .	I
He was a patron of George Washington and was not disturbed during the war .	O
The non-separatist Puritans constituted a much larger group than the Pilgrims , and they established the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1629 with 400 settlers .	O
The Dominion of New England was dissolved and governments resumed under their earlier charters .	O
This plan would both rid Great Britain of its undesirable elements and provide her with a base from which to attack Florida .	O
Authorized to call a locally elected assembly and the governor was invested with general executive powers .	I
High for children in the colonial era , and mortality was very high for new arrivals .	I
These local goods were shipped to towns and cities all along the Atlantic Coast .	O
Staff were employed by the Medical Center and approximately 74 % of the university 's faculty .	I
The National Historic Landmarks program designated the central lawn and surrounding buildings as a historic district in 1965 .	O
Moore College which in 2014 and the first two upperclass colleges are Warren College , opened .	I
The university expects all five of the new residence halls and one renovated residence hall to eventually receive LEED recognition .	O
1928 ) was a renowned literary critic and Professor of English at Yale University .	O
Currently serves as a law professor at Georgetown University and 1984 ) acted as an advisor to the Clinton Administration .	I
These countries were proclaimed as Soviet Republics in 1922 and over time were absorbed into the Soviet Union .	O
The Russo-Japanese War was another conflict where battle deaths outnumbered disease deaths , but it was fought on a much smaller scale between just two nations .	O
Participate in the defense of persecuted Christians and function : Monitor religious freedom in the world .	I
Became the chief recruiting officer for a new regular Texian army and travis was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel of the Legion of Cavalry .	I
When very close the warning is three quick barks , and if the danger closes in the bark is repeated .	I
Otherwise , he manages his own consultancy business and undertakes various commercial work around the world .	O
Operated by SSI Micro and the Qiniq network is designed .	I
The lower ( junior ) levels of the organization and a middle manager is a link between the senior management .	I
The Foundation does not accept unsolicited nominations , and writers cannot apply for the prize themselves .	I
Developed a talent for sketching portraits which provided a profitable sideline , and in his spare time he also studied at the Slade School .	I
At that point Keeler began talking indiscriminately , and attempted to sell her story to newspapers .	O
There are other connecting rail services from Glasgow Central to Edinburgh Waverley and a few trains from Ayr to Glasgow Central continue directly to Edinburgh Waverley .	I
However , he was soon injured again , and finished the season with only 13 appearances .	O
The Bros and brant Bjork	I
This article mainly deals with the form that does not require factorization , and explicitly mentions " primary " when the form using factorization is meant .	O
Went on to become the Ministry 's Deputy Secretary-General in 1985 and razali Ismail first joined the Malaysian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1962 .	I
Reaches a maximum depth of and the lake holds about of water .	I
On top is the word , " Korea " and the years , " 1950 – 1953 . "	O
On top is the word , " Vietnam " and the years , " 1962 – 1975 . "	O
In December 2003 , Ingle was fired and Edward was to be killed off .	O
The political parties websites or candidate info from their own :	I
The Heartbreakers and tom Petty	I
Its issue was regarded as illegitimate , and this marriage was dissolved in 1478 .	I
Has remained in this location since and the club opened on 21 September 1991 .	I
Could be the whole 8 hours when she is unavailable , but after this , the show goes automated-like for 4 hours .	I
Weighs 220 pounds , and he is tall .	I
Ortiz underwent Tommy John surgery , and missed the entire MLB season .	O
Led their starting pitchers with a 4.81 ERA and thomson made 26 starts for the Rockies in 1998 .	I
The party standings as of the election and as of dissolution were as follows :	O
The only love story she ever wrote , and lee cites this as her favorite character .	I
Work began in about 1976 , at Keahole Point , but the project cancelled in 1995 due to technical difficulties .	O
Starhawk speaks of the Goddess as immanent ( infusing all of nature ) but sometimes also simultaneously transcendent ( existing independently of the material world ) .	O
Was dedicated on 25 January the following year and it appears to have been complete by October 1892 .	I
This is another Modernist building but now in contrasting materials .	O
All three of these buildings are two storeyed and are finished in unpainted , rendered cement .	O
Torque to and power rose to .	I
All offer traditional Irish breakfast or brunch at reasonable prices .	O
Moreover , the club made a very strong impression on campus and it achieved great notoriety within its first year of existence .	O
World Bazaar is the main entry corridor and primary shopping area of Tokyo Disneyland .	O
It is currently a camping spot , and swimming is allowed in the lake .	O
Nicole Cornes sued the Ten Network for defamation , and was awarded A $ 85,000 in July 2011 .	O
The newspaper reports economic , social and political events in Jiangsu province .	O
In the 1920s , the ERO merged with the Station for Experimental Evolution and adopted the name of the Department of Genetics of the Carnegie Institute .	O
Went on to score five goals in 16 appearances and green made his debut against Leeds United in February 1934 .	I
The International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg determined that no Allied invasion was imminent and so rejected the German argument that Germany was entitled to attack Norway .	O
Bari Morgan ( born 13 August 1980 ) is aWelsh football manager and former footballer who is currently manager of Aberystwyth Town Under 19s .	O
Design , there he met his future work partner Mark Hall and born in North Manchester , Cosgrove studied at Manchester College of Art .	I
Since 2011 , Cosgrove has been the creator and executive producer of Cosgrove Hall Fitzpatrick Entertainment .	O
Well as Associate Editor of the cultural magazine , " Marsyas " as he worked as Arts Editor of the newspaper , " Tempo , . "	I
She is a high priestess of Athena and the headmistress of the Athena Academy .	O
In 1472 the lord of Meyras married Blanche de Ventadour , and the Solignacs left at the end of the 14th century .	I
He studied music at the Royal College of Music , and was organ scholar at King 's College , Cambridge .	O
Promoted to LVO in 2000 and he was appointed MVO in 1990 .	I
Include The Greenwich Hotel in New York and member hotels are found in 45 destinations worldwide .	I
The crew removed his personal belongings , and left the yacht for later salvage .	O
Painted over to create a bald patch and the hair over the forehead was scraped out .	I
Bruce Vilanch hosted the San Francisco event , and alan Cumming hosted the New York awards .	I
Actress Cynthia Nixon also received the Vito Russo Award , and the musical " Hair " received a special recognition .	O
Shyre graduated from the University of Florida and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts .	O
Conrwallis dies after drinking a toast and a cousin of Cynthia has just died .	I
Was called " Kentake " by its first Oneida settlers and the original mission was located in what is now La Prairie .	I
In 1916 he was promoted to lieutenant and served in the Battle of Asiago .	O
It transforms her heart into a stone and puts her under a strange curse .	O
Live happily ever after and the two couples are wedded .	I
Most judge it for modernizing Russian old folklore , but some episodes of the script are considered well-done .	O
Was appointed Court Architect in 1834 and hansen won the favour of King Otto .	I
Ritchie Lee drove them to the NAAFI and waited for them in the car-park .	O
Two video cameras were attached to the remote controlled cars and they were broadcasting the movements of the ballet robot .	O
He served in Iraq postwar , and was executed there by insurgents .	O
Also submit the Parents ’ Financial Statement ( PFS ) and guardians of students are required to complete the financial aid application .	I
Departed on 19 February 2016 and nikhil returned on 29 October 2015 .	I
She expected to run in women 's relay but she wasn 't included in the roster .	O
Path is the old fashioned Victorian / Edwardian cycling term for track .	O
Sissy had been away at boarding school , but became close friends with Edgar Allan Poe .	O
4th in the women 's relay and here it was 16th in the pursuit .	I
Roger arrests Reed and frees Lanning .	O
He took 54 catches and made 10 stumpings .	O
In July 2011 " two men were arrested and charged with ' unnatural intercourse . ' "	O
The highest point in Barrio San Patricio stands at 2,804 feet and is located at the extreme northwestern tip of the barrio .	O
Olympic speed skating champion Mark Tuitert and she is married to fellow speed skater .	I
Bray was also a part-time private investigator and carried a gun for his job .	O
Rarely recur and excision is curative .	I
Defeated the Knights again in the first round , and in 2016-17 , the Coyotes won their division .	I
It dissipated on November 22 over central Guatemala , and little impact occurred during Laura 's final landfall .	I
Severs the tapestry of Asgard 's existence , and thor confronts the Norns ( Fates ) .	I
With Asgard in ruins on Earth , the nine worlds are left undefended and are invaded by a force known as " The World Eaters " .	O
In December he joined the sloop as a midshipman , and " Blanche " was paid off in June 1792 .	I
Openly supports the Empire and however , Death Watch reappears .	I
He resigned in 1899 , and retired to Wimbledon Common .	O
Scored only two more meaningless runs over the remainder of the series , and the Cardinals would not threaten to score the rest of this game .	I
The team also responded with an 85 – 77 season in 1993 , but it would be their last winning season for a number of years .	O
Expected ace pitcher Michael Fulmer to extensive stints on the disabled list and while rebuilding with young players , the team also lost slugger Miguel Cabrera .	I
Unlike physical harassment , emotional harassment is unnoticeable and also viewed as being more socially acceptable .	O
At the present time , ISS directly manages 17 schools and provides specific services to more than 300 international schools .	O
Auctioneer at and fraser was a broker Montreal .	I
Naval War College , and earned his M.S .	O
Higher repair cost and drawbacks were increased complexity .	I
Are used for fly fishing and the lakes contain wild brown trout .	I
He arrived in Lawrence Kansas in 1853 and engaged in the real estate business .	O
However , there are no Circassian newspapers , and few Circassian books are printed in Syria .	O
Royle was knighted in 1941 and promoted admiral in 1942 .	O
Returned home after plundering the countryside , and sulayman failed to take the city .	I
Sir Cedric Hardwicke were also guests of Ford 's , and william Bendix , Jeannie Carson , Pat O 'Brien .	I
Directed by William Burch and the ABC series was produced .	I
It was the first quadraphonic disc made in Australia , and it was the first Australian opera recorded in Australia .	I
In 1981 the passenger trains there were also terminated and freight transport from Eslöv to Tomelilla was closed in 1975 .	I
Eventually Sydtåg started freight traffic , but it also had to fold .	O
It was the pair 's first Masters title and the first Masters doubles title for Sweden .	O
Was " USA Today " High School Coach of the Year twice and during his time at Berwick , Curry also won three mythical national championships .	I
The College curriculum provides for a common program at years 7 & 8 in each of the key learning areas of study .	O
The New Routemaster double-decker was specified and constructed to a hybrid design .	O
They had two children , but she died in 1842 .	O
His jockey was M. Buxton and luke McLuke carried in the race .	I
Stood at stud at Keeneland Stud in Lexington , Kentucky and in 1925 , Luke McLuke was owned by J. O. Keene .	I
Was named the 1924 Champion Three-Year-Old-Filly and nellie Morse won the 1924 Preakness Stakes .	I
Was named to the American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame in 1989 , and three Bars went on to become an influential sire of Quarter Horses .	I
Grew up in Halifax ( former city ) , Nova Scotia , and he was born in Providence , Rhode Island ( USA ) .	I
Before the trial he died between suspicious circumstances ' but szabó would be one of the crown witness .	I
It is a biennial herb forming a rosette of large leaves and an erect stem well exceeding one meter in maximum height .	O
Robinson signed with the Cincinnati Reds before the 2013 season , and featured in 109 games as a rookie with the Reds .	O
Its members do not wear a uniform color , and the gang is known for frequenting Lakeview Park .	I
It has over 500,000 members and the site was launched in 2002 .	I
It is hosted in the USA but is administered from United Kingdom .	O
Students are divided into these houses and participate in Inter House competitions .	O
Creed notes that he understands , but cannot speak , pirate slang .	O
Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic praised the episode and awarded it five stars out of five .	O
After cleaning Holly 's Woody , he leaves the office and Pam follows him out , where he breaks down .	O
They take out the snacks and hand them to employees .	O
Is possibly the ancestor of " R. ignicapillus " , and " Regulus bulgaricus " is the only fossil kinglet .	I
Thakur is the Secretary of Institute for Research and Documentation in Social Sciences ( IRDS ) .	O
These modern structures make possible feeding and mucking out with large tractors .	O
It peaked at number 98 on Canadian Hot 100 and is in radio station CFBT-FM 's regular rotation .	O
An M.S and in Civil Engineering .	I
Toulmouche painted in an idealizing version of the dominant academic realist style , and his subjects were frequently Parisian women who belonged to the upper bourgeoisie .	O
In Lepidoptera , sexual dimorphism is widespread and almost completely determined by genetic determination .	O
It includes a large Gothic tower , and a wide façade in Baroque style .	O
It was first named by Jozef Klembara in 2005 and the type species is " Makowskia laticephala " .	O
Congregations own common property in the form of tables , chairs , and wagons to transport them from farm to farm every other week .	O
The ritual ends with members washing and drying each other 's feet .	O
Marrying a first cousin is not allowed among the Amish , and second-cousin relationships are frowned upon , though they may occur .	O
Stalin insists on defending Kiev , and his forces suffer immense losses .	O
The traditional 7 November parade takes place as always , yet the enemy is at the outskirts of the city .	I
Did not play a first grade match but bowen signed with the Illawarra Steelers in 1995 .	I
Their son Thomas inherited the estate and was later MP for Kent .	O
The former Dürrörsdorf-Weißig railway line was also known as the Upland Railway and , today , has been converted into a popular bike path .	O
Its responsibilities are within land information and development of land register systems .	O
The gen 2 arrived in 2015 and featured a twin spark engine .	O
Spinning ceased in 1959 , and the frames were sold .	O
He died in Palm Springs , California ; and was buried at the Farmington City Cemetery .	O
In 2006 a new extension was added and a new sports centre was built .	O
The nearby train station is Ledyanaya and the nearest city is Tsiolkovsky .	O
Asks her to be together again because he truly her and in the final episode , Manuel returns , begs Mía to forgive him , loves .	I
At the beginning , she also wrote secret letters to Tomás , but later Guido found out that Pilar was Tomás ' secret admirer .	O
Luna later and her best friends are Marizza , Laura .	I
Almost all girls in her class and she is also the enemy of Marizza .	I
He starts to develop feelings for her ( as does she ) and as the serie goes on , they help each other in many situations .	I
Become a couple again towards the end but during the movie , they have many fights .	I
He was also involved once in a drug incident and got him kicked out in Elite Way School .	O
Marina refuses because she is still about the drugs , but in one moment , Mía wants to live with her mother , insecure .	I
Was built in 1945 and the stadium held 21,000 people .	I
She became a mistress of Ptolemy II Philadelphus and was deified by him as Aphrodite Bilistiche .	O
President of the Geologists ' Association ( 1862 – 3 , and tennant was elected a fellow of the Geological Society in 1838 ) .	I
Then south along the Neman River to Merkinė and grand Master Konrad von Jungingen led crusaders to Kaunas .	I
A preliminary truce was signed in 1396 and final Treaty of Salynas in 1398 .	O
In 2001 Standfest underwent bowel surgery and a tumor was taken away .	O
This battery was manned by British Army regulars , as well as colonial militia until the mid-19th century .	O
" local significance " but most of these had nothing .	I
Links among Communists elsewhere nonetheless , their impact remained minimal and information was sent to press agencies worldwide describing infiltration by the PGT ; .	I
A yellow card is a continually rechargeable card , and a red card is an unlimited monthly card .	O
Ftsz acts as an organizer protein and is required for cell division .	O
H is the hydrogen atom involved in hydrogen bonding , and X is the halogen atom involved in halogen bonding .	O
The BUAV sought to abolish it , and the NAVS sought to restrict vivisection .	I
On 18 April 1843 , she exchanged crews with and was assigned a homeport of Wilmington , Delaware .	O
When the war started he returned into active service in his cavalry regiment and in 1917 was granted rank of the rotmistr ( cavalry captain ) .	O
Added a further three members of staff and in 2005 the Department greatly expanded in size .	I
Signed for the Phoenix 's rivals , the Sheffield Steelers , and platt made the decision to remain in the U.K. though .	I
Was sold at public auction there on 20 July to Otis Seabury and she was decommissioned at Portsmouth , New Hampshire , on 29 June 1865 .	I
After falling out the top 64 he struggled and eventually retired from professional play in 2001 .	O
They can often be interchangeable and the two terms are fairly vague .	I
In 1876 there were some forty families , and by 1891 that number was already doubled .	O
Louis Marcus became mayor of Salt Lake in 1932 , and simon Bamberger became the first non-Mormon Governor in 1916 .	I
The brother-in-law of Giovanni Battista Belluzzi ( 1506 – 1554 ) ) and he was the son of Girolamo Genga ( 1467 – 1551 .	I
If the Commission grants the funds , construction could start in 2022 and be completed in 2026 , according to the " Times " .	O
Graduated with a 1st Class Master of Arts degree in 1953 , and he went to the University of Glasgow to read modern languages .	I
He was an artist living at Venice between 1438 and 1460 , was probably a pupil of Jacobello .	O
Helped organise prisoner escapes with Filipino guerrillas and he collected information to relay to these contacts .	I
She did not stand for re-election in 2008 but remains involved in Colorado Republican Party politics .	O
From August 2012-July 2013 he was Public Relations and Publications Manager at the Rift Valley Institute .	O
He is waylaid by Sam , a rascally fairground entertainer , and introduced to the delights of the amazing Fly Swatter Festival .	O
, along with the accompanying development of strip techniques , revolutionized quilting and the rotary cutter gained almost immediate widespread use among quilters after its introduction .	I
A dynamic Facebook page at " Florida Historical Society , and the society maintains a content rich web site at myfloridahistory.org . "	I
Nonetheless its base was radio , and it contained many how-to-build projects .	O
Sought to move closer to the Orange Order and the UUP were concerned at the growing Protestant discontent .	I
Was obviously liable to endanger life in the village and " The blazing van was close to the station buildings .	I
Were led by Hans Conrad Finsler and they took place in the north-eastern area .	I
Is known as the " Pandharpur of Vidarbha " and it is the largest temple trust in the Vidarbha region .	I
A population of around 125,000 people , and it consists of , 95 villages .	I
It turns east down the A1300 ( John Reid Road ) and 2.5 miles later , the route reaches the southern side of Jarrow .	I
Appeared together in a couple of films , and the two surviving brothers continued the act .	I
Was offered a professorship at the University of Padua and he was also invited to Vienna as an imperial councilor .	I
Was commissioned in the Air Force and bassett graduated from Bryan in December 1953 .	I
In addition to the inherited and new-build locomotives , B.R .	O
Are included in the total of LNER locomotives inherited and the ex-WD Hunslet Austerity 0-6-0STs were ex-LNER Class J94 locomotives .	I
Is gradually replacing the initial 1961 treaty and the Revised Charter came into force in 1999 .	I
All three women were menstruating and their handbags were stolen .	O
So the tomb was re-discovered in 1065 and the saint showed Edmund where his body lay .	I
For the 2003 Summer Sanitarium Tour , but this conflicted with their recording schedule .	O
The bulk amount comes from the Da 'i-al-Mutlaq but the funds are generated from contributions of individual members .	I
Interrupted by sombre sections with a march-like feel , or lyrical passages may be followed by agitated dissonances .	I
In 2005 , its name was expanded and altered into Gamla Godingar 107.1 Vinyl .	O
May be hunted by dogs such as in and in some areas , they are common victims of road kills , Sardinia .	I
Maufe later acknowledged the design as an early architectural influence , and the house was designed by Philip Webb for William Morris .	I
She was armed with thirty 12-pounder guns and had a crew of 160 men .	O
Lost her in bad weather in the night and " Galatea " chased a frigate on 23 August .	I
The French were waiting for the night attack and captain Heathcote had been too obvious in his reconnoitering .	I
Carried a crew of 161 men under the command of Mons and she was armed with fourteen 24-pounder carronades , two 9-pounder chase guns .	I
The invasion was bloodless and the Danes did not resist .	I
" We did not predict that aspect of the Poetry Out Loud , but it was apparent from the first time we held a public event .	O
Was one of Whitman 's literary executors and he published a biography of Whitman in 1883 .	I
She was a member of the university 's army cadets and was a top-scorer on the university 's netball team .	O
Failed to qualify from the group and the Soviet team lost their other matches .	I
Private John Francis Young was awarded the Victoria Cross , and during the War , it earned 17 Honorary Distinctions .	I
Peppered with dry wit , and his speech is straightforward .	I
, eventually , involved romantically and she becomes friendly with Andrew Foyle .	I
In practice , the instrument was accurate but more unwieldy than the Davis quadrant .	O
His father an artist and his mother is a singer-songwriter .	I
Are exactly the 2-dimensional abelian varieties and the algebraic ones are called abelian surfaces .	I
Do not have a removable breech block and the newer milled slides are a one-piece unit .	I
May appear in early infancy and symptoms usually appear before age six .	I
Amniocentesis can be done after 15 weeks , and has a 0.5 % risk of miscarriage .	O
Publishing online applications exclusively , was established in December 1997 and a Cryo Interactive subsidiary called Cryo Networks , aimed at developing .	I
Joseph was a soldier and New Zealand politician .	O
The six medals was the nation 's largest in-pool haul , and was supported by seven separate 4th-place finishes in the pool .	O
Graduated with a doctor 's degree and he attended a medical school in Philadelphia .	I
The imperfectly drained Bowser loamy sand is podzolic but usually does not have an A horizon .	O
A post office was established at Lamont in 1893 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1934 .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1912 , and a post office was established at Ough in 1886 .	I
A post office was established at Hiawatha in 1889 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1933 .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1921 , and a post office was established at Sawyer in 1888 .	I
Made an independent passage from Mombasa to Alexandria and the ship detached from the convoy on 14 December .	I
The bow is the largest piece , about in length , and it lies on its starboard side at a depth of .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907 , and a post office was established at Aaron in 1871 .	I
Within a year he switched to features but his earliest films for them were two-reel shorts .	I
Is clad in shiplap siding , and it has a hip roof .	I
The change-speed lever is now in the centre of the car and is of the flexible type working in an invisible gate .	O
His address also praised the Oscar nominated films of the year and gave an insider view of the technicalities involved in film-making .	O
He proved significant to the Church and gained its recognition in 1926 .	O
Starting in 2012 , Bartscher was head of planning , organization , and control in Planning Department II of the Federal Ministry of Defence .	O
Grew up in Cambridge and hall-johnson was born in Aylesbury .	I
They flee to her apartment , and sienna helps Langdon to escape .	I
Continued in Florence , Italy at the end of April , and filming began on April 27 , 2015 , in Venice , Italy , starting .	I
Macron had been a member of the Socialist Party since he was 24 but he only renewed his subscription to the party from 2006 to 2009 .	O
Criticized Venezuela 's government as a " dictatorship " and he also affirmed his support for the Iranian nuclear deal .	I
The reservoir was completed in 1961 and officially opened in August 1965 .	O
Anorthosis opens the score with Yuriy Yakovenko at 29th minute , but AEK equaled the score with Roberto Colautti at 40th minute .	O
Means " Let 's Go " and it is also a play on words .	I
Was extended in late medieval times but it incorporates parts of a Celtic wall .	I
He played four matches on the tour but did not play in any internationals .	O
In diameter with five ribs and the floral cup is about long .	I
Built a religious college and in Bursa she had endowed .	I
Was a manager at The Dorchester Hotel in London and he worked as a journalist for " Queen " magazine .	I
Art collector who a trustee of the National Gallery , London and john Postle Heseltine ( 1843 – 2 March 1929 ) was a painter became .	I
There are no permission statements posted with any of these photos , and presumably David receives no compensation from this use of his pictures .	O
He is conscious and can communicate .	O
Soon after that , the poet was arrested and sentenced to five years of hard labour .	O
In October of that year , BlueCrest made a redemption request , but while Kenbelle said it would comply , no repayment was forthcoming .	O
Large number representations are also available for colloquial use but these numbers range from zero to nine for mathematical use .	I
Looks at the spectator and she faces three- quarters left .	I
It is recognizable by the rotunda dome , and is currently used as an event space .	O
Another campsite at Chibembe is no longer maintained but is still in existence for adventurous campers .	O
Chanda Rubin was the defending champion , but decided not to participate this year .	O
The couple lived off their sale until the end of the year , and he managed to buy a supply of defective towels from the factory .	I
The 71st Indiana Infantry had been captured and paroled twice during its brief existence .	O
Company M was organized October 12 , 1863 , and company L was organized September 1 , 1863 .	I
He grew up in Providence , RI and graduated from Brown University in 1912 .	O
Substitutes it for cough mixture so she 't notice and on one visit he finds the morphine in her bathroom cupboard won .	I
Placed his own illegitimate son , Hubert and later that year , Hugh removed his brother from the march , there instead .	I
He initially brought Tripucka along as an assistant , and the Broncos had hired Filchock as their coach .	I
Margie 's boyfriend is Freddy Wilson ( Don Hayden ) , and roberta Townsend ( Hillary Brooke ) is Vern 's girlfriend .	I
To a new phase of political involvement and after studies in Italy Vassalli returned to Malta .	I
The couple had one son , actor Steven R. McQueen ( b .	O
Re-designated as a recreation park in 1972 and it was declared as a reserve in 1970 .	I
It has not been found yet in the park , but is suspected as being present in the southern section .	O
119 Retina ( I ) and the more expensive Nr .	O
Was replaced in June 1937 by the Nr and 122 Retina II had a problematic film advance lever .	I
148 Retina I and the Nr .	O
Such rules can be a simple agreement between two players , or they may be defined by the host of a tournament .	O
On 28 April 1840 they camped overnight near present-day Paskeville and later reported they had discovered extensive fertile land there .	O
The chapel was raised on a platform and could be reached by two stairways .	O
The suspension of the offending students and this prompted the cancellation of the assembly .	I
Castro continued to lecture student groups across the country and helps run leadership conferences for high school students .	O
Well as major international ski races as the ski hill hosts many local events .	I
The emperor finally reached Mount Kunlun and tasted the peaches of immortality .	O
The fabric of mundu-sari is cotton and is always woven by hand .	O
Is usually ( $ 2,100 ) and the MalletKAT Pro is a three-octave controller .	I
Well as a serious commercial competitor in the Ithaca radio market , as it acts as a training ground for students interested in broadcasting .	I
He married Mary Gustaitis in 1935 , and they moved to California in 1944 .	O
In 2000 , she again led the team in scoring with 59 goals and was named First Team All-America by the American Water Polo Coaches Association .	O
The trail to the summit easily negotiable most of the way but the last is along a razorback ridge with significant exposure .	O
Messiniakos generally competed in lower leagues , but messiniakos is Kalamata 's cross-town rival .	I
The Fury folded and the Riverhawks were maintained .	I
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison and obtained a master 's degree from Columbia University .	O
Continued to reside in that state until his death , and in 1885 he went to Florida for his health .	I
On 18 July , general quarters were sounded , and the AKA steamed southward to avoid a typhoon .	O
At least one unidentified Six Nations member confronted her on national television " and six nations members understood Trainer was " labelling them as welfare recipients :	I
This caused a lot of strain on the couple 's marriage , and Lil even threatened to divorce him if he did not change .	O
Robin Gibb also attended the session but was contractually prevented from singing .	O
Financed his training as required and his elder brothers doted on him .	I
One summer communications intern and boatwright , Jr . Intern .	I
Allowed it to become allodial after his death and he willed a Gascon fief to Duke Sancho V .	I
Soon she ends up with Ernst but susie is initially successful in seducing Franny .	I
Went on to open several new outlets across Hong Kong and it reopened at another location in the street in September 2005 .	I
The island is located in the Coral Sea and is situated about south-east of Cape Melville .	O
On the 17 August 1822 he was appointed postmaster at Hobart and conducted the post office from his rooms at Murray Street .	O
At first he received no fixed salary but retained the postal fees he collected .	O
Their history dates back as far as 999 but the coat of arms originates in 1319 .	O
He was the twenty-fifth Bishop of this Christian denomination , and the first elected to the office of Missionary Bishop .	O
It was expected to be completed by November 1955 , and the estimated cost for the project was $ 500,000 .	I
One charge of making a false representation and he would face nine charges of false accounting .	I
Includes a level editor and the game features 100 levels .	I
This was in 1893 , and remained to be built .	O
A " Lost Universe " film was rumored in 1998 , but was cancelled in favor of more " Slayers " films .	O
Al-quds is the most common Arabic name for Jerusalem and is used by many cultures influenced by Islam .	O
Dethklok , the band is " moving forward s-l-o-w-l-y and hoglan also stated that , due to his commitments with Testament . "	I
The two soon became collaborators and then married in 1982 .	O
Most mature fruits of the compositions for five and monte 's madrigals have been referred to as " the first voices . "	I
The rider stands on two foot platforms above the two rear wheels and steers the vehicle with handlebars attached to the lone front wheel .	O
With a progressive twist , but the music was radio-friendly .	I
That name was taken by another band at the time , but the band initially wanted to call themselves " Sahara " .	I
You 're boring and they discover you 're bored . "	I
Louis emerges with aides , and Émile gets his attention .	O
Is thwarted by guards , eventually finding himself in Louis 's office , but back at the factory , Émile tries to make overtures to Jeanne .	I
She received 13 battle stars for World War II service , and is credited with having sunk 69,383 tons of enemy shipping .	O
His excessively academic poems were occasionally published in local newspapers , and he acquired a reputation for his articles devoted to bullfighting .	O
Jewish families began living in Ludwigsburg during the 19th century and in 1884 , a synagogue was built on Solitudestraße .	O
Were not used by the medieval Georgian authors and the regnal numbers as in Mirian III are modern .	I
The university added the School of Religion and the nursing program during the 1980s .	O
He later wrote " TM " , with Harold H. Bloomfield and later co-wrote the book " How to Heal Depression " .	O
Calcium channel blockers are well tolerated , and especially effective in treating low-renin hypertension .	O
As such it is face-transitive but with irregular face polygons .	O
Serviced by a staff of two workers during the day and the lamp room is about below the top of the building .	I
" " , was published in 2013 , and " " was published in early 2014 .	O
Well as an overall higher maximum difficulty cap for Nightmare Mode as successive games have resulted in higher level ranges for all song difficulties .	I
Lower ones can 't be played in it and songs in this mode are starting at level 13 .	I
Generally , it is shorter and more shrub-like than tree-like .	O
As office buildings but the buildings still remain .	I
Cholokashvili was arrested , but acquitted of charges .	O
Spread his message to the masses , and he composed poetry in local language .	I
The mesangium by light microscopy may be hypercellular and show increased deposition of extracellular matrix proteins .	O
Sankardev belonged to the Kayastha Hindu caste , and the Baro-Bhuyans were independent landlords in Assam .	I
Enjoyed unstinted royal patronage for the first time and sankardev frequented the capital for more than 20 years .	I
Watch out for one another and however , they are best friends .	I
Loyal to their owners and they are also very lovable .	I
Became severely malnourished and he was repeatedly beaten .	I
Have an angle of view of 105 ° , and these lenses are 8 elements in 6 groups .	I
This is * " n " 32 in orbifold notation , and [ " n " , 3 ] in Coxeter notation .	O
Its area is 718.1 km ² ) and its population was 12,885 ( 2015 .	I
Jordan further called for the building of a mass party but this too was rejected due to the Tory links .	O
Moritz von Beurmann also contributed a short word list but some forms contradict information found in later sources .	O
Bean eventually ended his retirement after the political fall of John Tyndall and joined the British National Party under the leadership of Nick Griffin .	O
Her audition video went viral on the Internet and caught the attention of the mainstream press .	O
The technology is developed and funded in Australia .	O
May ( Morrison ) Parr and his parents were Ralph Sherman Parr .	I
During the Korean War , he flew 165 combat missions and helped to develop new combat tactics for fighting MiG-15s .	O
He hit her back in anger and was thus sentenced to prison .	O
She became worse in illegal activities , but thinking that she had repented , he returned , dabbling .	I
He stabbed Wang Xiao Tian ’ s back , and went to turn himself in to the police .	O
Had to withdraw early due to a crash but in 1961 he started in the Tour de France .	I
Meanwhile , Rahul recovers from his injuries and again starts the search for Aarohi .	O
He was born in Hertfordshire and educated as a surgeon .	O
There is no exact date for the commencement of construction nor is there a record of how long it took .	O
The facilities available are second to none and supplement lectures by extensive practical work .	O
Ancillary activities provide employment to 0.6 – 0.7 million people and this sector is providing direct employment to about 0.3 million people .	I
Put the plate into place and árni Ziska has made the text .	I
He refuses , feeling still unworthy but they pressure him to remain with them .	I
De Deken speaks Chinese and serves as interpreter .	O
Distributed to construction professionals who register and it is published on an annual basis .	I
Lt. Gov and david B. Hill .	I
The genus is native to the continent of Africa , all but two of the described species occurring mainly within Southern Africa .	O
Shipyard Viktor Lenac d.d ( or the Viktor Lenac Shipyard .	I
Is hospitalized , but he survives .	I
Was an All-American football player there and walden attended the University of Notre Dame .	I
The Oberlin Band sided with Tenney , but eventually adopted the methods of Stimson .	O
Jasin spends more time praying as he becomes richer , and is willing to aid another man in entering business .	O
As of today , students celebrate VE Day every year , and several students visit St. Luke 's Church during VE Day .	O
This has been studied in depth in striped cusk eels but is assumed to be indicative of all cusk eels .	O
Marketing from Ball State University in , Indiana and devine graduated in 1980 with a degree in Business Administration Muncie .	I
The bit that connects is what underpins the story , but the story is what ’ s on the surface .	I
Seethan gets married to her but he cannot forget Shenbagam .	O
Murali decides to take revenge and becomes also a smuggler .	O
The film had musical score by Devendran and was released on 2 October 2009 .	O
The film was Rama Narayanan 's 100th film and was a hit at the box office .	O
They are set aside by the villagers and ponni ( Suvalakshmi ) lives with her grandmother .	I
She treats him with disrespect and runs off to Singapore .	O
She struggles to maintain distance , and manikkam showers her with love .	I
Realizes the truth that Manikkam was not and she sees a very pregnant Saradha in the same hospital , sterile .	I
Manikkam follows them and rescues Saradha .	O
Was released on 6 August 1994 and the film had musical score by Chandrabose .	I
Shanti signs under the name Sonali and they get married at the register office .	I
The Microsoft Windows version was released on February 5 , 2013 , and the PlayStation 3 version was released on February 12 , 2013 .	O
This has a flat top , and a parapet decorated with chequerwork .	O
The political pressures that prompted Fahd to release the nurses and other factors were the British media 's reporting over the case .	I
White to yellow and the corolla is about long pale .	I
It begin on March 10 at Tarumã and ended on December 8 at Brasília .	O
Gave a Halloween concert at Mike 's Place in Tel Aviv and in October , the band played the Israeli independent music festival InDNegev .	I
In 2009 , Northern Manitoba was added as the 14th SBC region , and in 2010 , students from Quebec City competed in the Montreal competition .	O
Digital releases in to its primary feature animation releases , and these expanded the company 's animation output into television , direct-to-video , addition .	I
Stainton was promoted in January 2000 , and moved to Walt Disney Television Animation .	O
If brine drainage ceases , they may freeze solid , but these frozen stalactite-like forms are fragile during early stages .	I
Classes average only 12 with a maximum of 15 and are given 1.5 to 2 hours per week .	O
Don decides to leave him regardless but leonard honestly doesn 't understand what happened .	I
Keeps him hidden and she befriends a run-away .	I
It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches and is the home stadium of Northland Rugby Union .	O
The old church was incorporated into the school grounds and around 1960 , George Street was closed at Chapel Street .	I
Newson began his career at Charlton Athletic , and progressed through the club 's youth system .	O
His loan ended after the final group match , and he subsequently returned to Barnet in July 1995 .	O
Son-in-law of Muhammad and ali was the cousin .	I
Is sometimes ranked as the third holiest Shia shrine in the world , and it is generally considered to be the holiest Shia shrine in Iran .	I
Also married to Shivaji 's daughter Rajkunvarbai from Sagunabai and ganoji was the brother of Sambhaji 's wife , Yesubai .	I
At her home , Hallie tries to sleep but is interrupted by sounds of laughing children .	O
Thara denied feelings of jealousy , but Chris responded by kissing her .	O
The females are sometimes larger than males , but this is not true of all strains .	O
Lyrics was written by Chowalloor Krishnankutty and the music was composed by MB Sreenivasan .	I
A " prōtostratōr " of the Opsikion named Rouphos in 712 ) and a " domestikos tōn stratorōn " appears under Justinian II ( .	I
Undaunted , he borrowed £ 1,000 , and started his professional life in London .	O
Did not " green-light " a complete series at that time , but in 2008 , HBO commissioned a pilot episode for the series .	I
The title card evolves , evoking the themes of third season , and shows it being replastered over the mold of the previous seasons .	O
It proved to be very successful in sweden and influenced many future swedish hip hop acts .	O
Cabatu was traded to Ginebra in 1992 and played four seasons with the ballclub .	O
Started well by kicking five goals on his debut for the club and on the back of these performances , Gough was picked up by Carlton .	I
Partly voluntary for members of the UIC and the implementation of these guidelines is partly binding .	I
His paintings at this time show the influence of William Dobson , and he seems to have been in England by the late 1640s .	I
He won a one mile six furlongs handicap at Nottingham in June and was then entered in Bahrain Trophy , where he finished second .	O
Then in 1418 to the Carlyles and it was first handed to the Kirkpatricks .	I
These families then exit and do not return .	O
Many of the council members are local fighters from the surrounding areas and the military council aimed to capture the city of Manbij across the river .	I
It lies on the Vijayawada – Nidadavolu section of Howrah-Chennai main line and is administered under Vijayawada railway division of South Central Railway zone .	O
His parents were prime minister Ove Høegh-Guldberg and his second wife Lucie Emmerentze Nørlem .	O
Is also Grade II * listed and the garden was designed by Lancelot Brown .	I
" Edutaining Kids " thought the game was highly entertaining and positively compared it to Reader Rabbit Reading Learning System .	O
A South African delegate to the General Assembly of the United Nations and he was a member of the Senate of the Union of South Africa .	I
Tarangire has approximately 500 species of birds , and more than 60 species of larger mammal .	O
Cleared Moro Islamic Liberation Front forces from the Carmen-Banisilan area of Cotabato and the Philippine Army , primarily units of its 6th Infantry Division , assaulted .	I
Clashed with the MILF forces east of the river and tg " A " moved northwest toward the Maladugao River .	I
Tg " C " secured their areas of operation and prevented the conflict from spreading to neighboring municipalities .	O
Later rescued a Great Dane , King Duke and in 2015 Mayo adopted a wolf , Dakota Jean .	I
Was then diagnosed with a spinal tumour and lynch broke his foot playing rugby aged sixteen .	I
In response , Chinese fans blocked the Hong Kong team from leaving and started rioting in China 's first known case of football hooliganism .	O
This was the fifth all-Spanish Super Cup , and the fourth in the last five years .	O
" Monster Boy and the Cursed Kingdom	O
The monument was built with the sculpture a marble pedestal , and a small pool where the water from the pitcher spilled .	O
Mažić has been a FIFA referee since 2009 , and gained UEFA 's elite referee status in 2013 .	O
Had been promoted to Colonel by 1847 , and he was made a Lieutenant-Colonel in 1830 .	I
Roving Youth ( 11-8f ) claimed the third heat and only Rock Callan ( 10-11f ) progressed unbeaten .	O
Darracq turned his attention to heavy motor vehicles but it was useful business during the recession of 1908 .	I
Dante II had encountered trouble in his race but showed great determination to win in 29.99 .	O
James Cannon & dave Kiernan	I
Rian & oisin Dowling Molloy	I
A rare cultural object valued by a nation , or a national treasure is a shared cultural asset .	I
Handed the lead to Brad Keselowski and johnson hit pit road the next lap .	I
It was close to administration and closing down in 2008 .	O
The last issue was published on December 28 , 1964 and the first issue of the magazine was published in November 1946 .	I
She 's pictured prominently on the cover , and zoe was also introduced in Season 25 .	I
Eventually settled in Spitalfields in the early 1970s and in the same year , he emigrated to London .	I
She decided to leave the organisation to start a new life , but yoyes was the first woman to enter the senior ETA leadership .	I
A helicopter flyover took place during the opening ceremonies , and commissioner of Baseball Rob Manfred cut a ceremonial ribbon .	I
Have the typical insectivore 's long sharp bill and the gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish gray in color .	I
Was moving its headquarters to Radio City and it had just completed its first seven years .	I
Spiritually melded from corn and humans themselves are both physically .	I
It remains the essential food product in Mexico and is utilized in a variety of ways .	O
To avenge his death , Anjali creates a serial killer called Rudra and kills the men responsible for Vikram 's death under the name .	O
Alyanak was a member of the Union of Foreign Press Reporters , and in 1923 he was awarded the Palme d 'Officier d 'Academie .	O
The trip was canceled due to costing too much money , but he planned to go to China to finalize a deal .	I
Must summon someone from other house to replace the user and the user can switch place from Muddy road to Flower Road .	I
Some of them criticized its musical composition , and reviewers noted the song 's tongue-in-cheek lyrics .	I
The tower is five storeys high and the parapet has Irish crenellations .	O
He produced illustrated articles for the magazines " Leader " and " Liliput " before joining " Picture Post " .	O
Has a child and nanamori is now married .	I
Their flight is usually low to the ground and they are normally only active in bright sunny conditions .	I
Lawyer Georges Holleaux ( 1893-1973 ) and one of his sons was the magistrate .	I
He also posted personal-best times of 38.61 in the 300 meters and 51.63 seconds in the 400 meters during the 2012 season .	O
Well as President of Worcestershire County Cricket Club as in later life , Shakespeare became president of RAFA .	I
Would later be cast as Toby Isaacs , but jake Goldsbie originally auditioned for the role .	I
Redivides forming a sphere and ( The fertilized egg divides .	I
Asps was first described and characterized in 1952 .	O
There is no record of this ) and where his father was allegedly bailiff .	O
There is only one original copy of each in existence , and both of these copies were discovered in the 20th century .	O
It is 10 cm long and weighs approximately 5 g .	O
It is northeast of Dock Square and southwest of Goose Rocks Beach .	O
Ran the sloop aground but the English took the schooner .	I
Avila never played a single match and soon retired from Professional Football .	O
He founded Desa Bandhu Youth Association and led protests against the British .	O
Also despite the Emperor 's admonitions , he gave excuses and refused to personally attend meetings of the Imperial Diet .	O
It is perhaps the most-often played piece of the suite , and the only one ever specifically asked for in orchestral auditions .	O
Fuel is also available and hangars are available for lease .	I
The pulsed laser used by Battelle encompassed one large room and required several minutes of recovery time between laser pulses .	O
This laser was completed and demonstrated in 1987 .	O
The Innocence Project investigated the claim and found it to be untrue .	O
He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler .	O
Promoted the works of Czech composers in Russia , and he asserted himself also as a symphonic conductor .	I
These breathing irregularities are not random , but correspond to bursts of eye movements .	O
To make concessions but george had no alternative .	I
The king of Kartli went to fight with him and in 1488 Yaqub b . Uzun Hasan invaded East Georgia .	I
Used her as an Earthly host for Chthon and upon reaching Wundagore , Modred subdued the Scarlet Witch .	I
Ideally suited to , espionage work , and he soon found himself recruited for .	I
He is the brother of Amir Reza Khadem , and he was trained by his father Mohammad Khadem .	I
Little River runs through the peninsula , and is a major salmon spawning site .	O
England is somewhat a benevolent dictatorship , but the dictator is a computer system .	O
He is currently the Associate Dean of the Law School , and Associate Director of Family Law Institute of China Law Society .	O
Scored 44 goals and conceded 12 .	O
Was third billed in " Reunion in France ( ) ) and he had a support part in " Random Harvest " ( 1942 " 1942 .	I
Provided 250 megabytes of upload bandwidth a month , and sign up for a basic account was free .	I
They are more war-like and their science is more advanced .	I
Death date is indefinite and kiromi Bukhoroi 's birth date .	I
He did gain selection for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics but he missed out on qualification for that year 's Cross Country Championships .	I
He competed in the 10,000 m , but he failed to finish the race .	O
Started singing along with Pavel and impulsively , she grabbed a microphone .	I
Considers herself a valuable professional , and she takes her job seriously .	I
The settlement party aboard the " Enterprize " entered the Yarra River , and anchored close to the site chosen by Batman , on 29 August .	O
The City Centre is bordered by Spencer Street to the west and extends north as far as Grattan Street which borders Carlton .	O
The sports hall was never operational and was eventually demolished in 2007 .	O
Active in politics and watterston was a Whig .	I
It did not become public until 1797 and the Republicans agreed to keep the matter confidential .	I
Became a lawyer and magruder attended Princeton College .	I
This ended the " " Lochner " era " , and Congress enacted the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 .	O
Samuels alleged that the accusations had political motivations , and the police later cleared Samuels of all charges .	I
It was also the year the first supporters group was formed , and – finally – Lens first capture of the Championnat d 'Artois .	O
Received some post-secondary education at Calgary Normal School and he attended high school at Knight Academy in Raymond .	I
He met Sara Isabelle Merrill at the school and married her on December 20 , 1919 .	O
Has held many workshops and he has published several books .	I
They were not large enough to have lasting impact , but a few attempts were mounted to break the blockade .	I
Applied to have Hide named after he left , and she told him to " think carefully " .	I
8.5 million standard cubic metres of gas per day and the production capacity was 150,000 barrels of oil per day .	I
Is buried at sea and ned dies from his injuries .	I
Destroyed by a group of some 200 men and on 6 July 1843 the Bolgoed tollgate was attacked .	I
On 17 March , a freighter was tracked and a precise torpedo spread damaged it considerably .	O
A convoy was sighted 2 January 1945 , but heavy weather prevented the submarine from attacking .	O
The Prime Minister Helen Clark characterised them as " absolutely daft " , and maori Party co-leader Tariana Turia described these remarks as " racist " .	I
This project goes further , and infringes on the ambient .	O
Was the Alliance candidate for in the and he contested the electorate for NewLabour in the .	I
Turns the pottery back to red but this last phase leaves the slip black .	I
This was done in a process known as three-phase firing and was likely accomplished with multiple firings of the pottery .	O
Clay used in Athens was much more orange than that of Corinth , and so did not lend itself as easily to the representation of flesh .	O
Since 1998 his main group has been Jonas Kullhammar Quartet , and he has participated on over 150 records as a sideman .	O
Frequently , good Boeotian vases are considered to be Attic and poor Attic vases are falsely considered to be Boeotian .	O
Kantharos with facial forms and these are Little Masters cups .	I
They are very carefully produced , but mythological scenes are less common .	I
The vases are economical and stringent in construction .	O
They just jump out at you and stay in your brain . "	O
I thought he did quite a good job on Girls Aloud but he didn 't do a good job on us . "	O
During a routine patrol , the collier entered Subic Bay and came under fire from a shore battery protecting Olongapo .	O
" Zafiro " withdrew to Cavite and reported the incident to headquarters .	O
Oisín hated St. Patrick 's teachings , but st. Patrick attempted to convert Oisín .	I
Died in London aged 91 and shaw retired in 1924 aged 70 .	I
The average family size was 2.62 , and the average household size was 1.86 .	I
The airport has now been closed and turned into an industrial estate .	O
The result is a village of fertile fields but with an amazing difference in levels . "	O
The Bolyeriidae are a family of snakes native to Mauritius and a few islands around it , especially Round Island .	O
Is located to the south of the village centre and leigh railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge line .	I
Protected their pre-Reformation frescoes and for generations , whitewash concealed .	I
The Flight List had the names of the 5 Crew and the 17 civilians who were on board the plane .	O
Restored in 1888 although it registers dating back to 1550 and the parish church , St. Osmund 's , was totally rebuilt in 1745 , has .	I
Became a civil parish in 1866 and nevertheless Melcombe Regis remained a separate parish .	I
Set fire to it , as the runways were abandoned and the Thais smashed the instruments of the isolated airfield control tower .	I
How the Dhamma is the best of all things and the Buddha emphasizes the message of universality in the Dhamma .	I
He later studied law with his brother Matthias and became a leading lawyer in New Jersey .	O
Chrysler released the hemispherical combustion chamber engine in 1964 and took stock car racing to a new level .	O
They won the Grand National Championship , and they returned to NASCAR in 1966 .	I
He then moved to North Easton and continued the practice of law .	O
He later leaves with Lois , and the medical examiner is summoned .	I
" Successes " of their campaigns and he had to portray the work processes .	I
Enhanced by activated factor V and this process is vitamin K dependent .	I
Lots of donations were provided to nearby colleges , and many new schools were opened during his reign .	I
One cell in a multicellular or this cloud may be a single-cell thunderstorm thunderstorm .	I
Construction began on 15 May 1924 and lasted until 27 November 1929 .	O
Began its term in January 2006 and the board was selected in November 2005 .	I
Performing statistical analysis and by repeating the same measurement ) .	I
The American Biosatellites once performed similar uncrewed payload-delivery functions , and the Russian Bion satellites still continue to do so .	O
Became available in all iTunes music stores and it was then licensed by Ultra Records worldwide .	I
Reserved half the units for them and ickes was a strong friend of African-Americans .	I
The plants themselves are also called cherries , and the wood they produce is called cherry .	O
Amnesty International examined the NATO air campaign and assessed the legality of its actions .	O
The project will cost 45 million euros and should be finished in January 2019 .	O
The advantages of camels in a desert environment are well known , and the British Army had raised the Somaliland Camel Corps in 1912 .	O
Also customized on a very sophisticated level , but the tanks can not only be equipped .	I
Agrees to give his daughter in marriage to Udayana , and king Vikramabahu is however taken in by the ploy .	I
Sagarika comes to know that their plan is foiled again , and ties a noose to her neck wanting to commit suicide .	O
They tried to operate KENU as a commercial radio station , but relatively few students ever participated in the country station internship .	O
Is considered more emotional than their and " Magenta " was co-produced with Gene Eugene first .	I
Typical is a discordance between the prolonged prothrombin time ( PT ) and normal levels for the activated partial thromboplastin time ( APTT ) .	O
Their air force units that have operated the aircraft and the List of Aero L-39 Albatros operators lists the countries :	I
Tan Sin Chen , Mr. Lim Lu Tek , Mr. Khor Sen Lee and Mr. Cheah Seng Tin , to establish a school for Chinese girls .	O
None managed to make the podium , and two of the three Russians fell .	I
It is possible that King Akhraten was also a son of Harsiotef , and Queen Sakhmakh , the wife of Nastasen , may be his daughter .	O
Luke continues to push Violet to leave with him , but she cannot bring herself to even consider leaving Grace .	O
The southern boundary is 46th Street , and the northern boundary is 36th Street .	I
He was drafted in 1974 by the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL , and by the Florida Blazers in the World Football League 's College Draft .	O
The university was founded on 17 April 1930 and is named after the geologist Ivan Gubkin .	O
He is called up briefly for the Nootka Sound Controversy but is primarily engaged as a gentleman farmer in Surrey .	O
Biosimilars are officially approved versions of original " innovator " products and can be manufactured when the original product 's patent expires .	O
Attended Catholic schools and he was raised Catholic .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Grows on karst mountain , and this plant is a xerophyte terrains .	I
This list may be incomplete ( but the genus contains the following species ) :	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
The pink sleeves were the result of incorrect printing and have not been reproduced since the initial pressing .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its range has been severely reduced due to habitat loss , but it is endemic to the island of Kauai in Hawaii .	I
He worked in the Division of Industrial Chemistry and became leader of the chemical engineering section .	O
His father was of Prussian descent and his mother of Dutch descent .	O
The notable places , and next the raths ,	O
At one point , the ape throws a snake at the camera and " the snake hits the camera , making it shake . "	O
The United Nations itself works with Northern Cyprus law enforcement agencies and facilitates co-operation between the two parts of the island . "	O
In 1971 the State Highway 33 bridge at Rosetta was washed out , and in 1969 a bridge on the tributary Crooked Creek was washed out .	I
The town is in the highlands of western Sumatra and situated on the shores of Lake Lut Tawar .	O
Hill served on the public school board , Toronto city council and served as reeve for York Township from 1894 to 1897 .	O
Has an area of 1206 square kilometres and as of 2010 , the population was 67,316. .	I
Was finally broken up in 1836 and the " Gibraltar " was captured in 1780 . "	I
Such spellings can be found in medieval documents , but were not normally seen in the 20th century .	O
Even in private houses and some are cooks in temples .	I
Have entirely lost their sacerdotal ( priestly ) character , but they became wealthy businessmen due to their agricultural pursuits .	I
Had been sold to Godolphin at the end of his two-year-old season but like North Light , Snow Ridge had been bred by the Ballymacoll stud .	I
Blamed his failures on nature and napoleon attributed his successes to God .	I
Was known to conduct the Leone Catholic Choir and he composed many hymns for the Samoan Catholic community .	I
Passes a small strip of buildings through downtown and a short distance later , the highway enters Daggett .	I
His mother contacted Fuuto for help , and after a near-death experience Fuuto succeeds .	O
Often treats abused animals and he himself is smart student .	I
The " sesed " is harvested and cut into lengths of about .	O
After dyeing they are placed in shade to dry and again gently beaten to further soften the material .	O
It led to his beatification on 29 March 1987 and john Paul II confirmed the miracle on 10 November 1986 .	I
Tilt the isometric viewing position to gain a better perspective and the game features the ability to scroll , rotate , zoom .	I
Functions as a communications and the Command Centre is your headquarters hub .	I
Was assigned to work in China First Automobile Works after graduation , and in 1973 , he was admitted into Jilin University of Technology .	I
Is now located in Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council , but it was formerly located in Yarrowlumla Shire .	I
He won 8 caps and scored 1 goal .	O
Grounds associated with the principal building and adjacent to the stables are early outbuildings .	I
She played one match and scored three goals .	O
Scored four goals and she played four matches .	I
Choose a set formula _ 13 of integers and define a pseudorandom map formula _ 14 .	O
Scored one goal and he played three matches .	I
He contacted the French when this did not work out , and received some Renault engines , which could produce 220 hp .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
He played 127-times for the Hungarian national team and competed at a number of major tournaments .	O
The third show of the competition aired on 17 January 2015 and featured the eleven remaining artists performing the competing Eurovision songs .	O
Featured the eight remaining artists performing the competing Eurovision songs and the fourth show of the competition aired on 24 January 2015 .	I
Featured the seven remaining artists performing the competing Eurovision songs and the fifth show of the competition aired on 31 January 2015 .	I
Worked from there and hinton liked the idea .	I
A former High Court Judge , 2011-2015 and sir Bernard Eder , is an English lawyer .	I
Ian Anderson is dressed up like a vampire and it shows clips from old horror films .	O
On the other side of the ridge , it receives another unnamed tributary and passes through the southeastern corner of Ringtown before returning to Union Township .	O
Knew he had to seek asylum and gans zu Putlitz was shown this list .	I
Served there until February 1808 and from there it moved to Antigua .	I
In 1927 he retired to Busseu near Fontainebleau , but rieder spent most of his life in Paris .	I
Incorporated the following year and courtland was founded in 1818 .	I
By the end of June its brightness reached magnitude 4 and in early June the comet became visible to the naked eye .	I
The Han civilian population as distinct ) and the Qing government regarded Han bannermen .	I
Stationed Jurchens in Han households to prevent rebellions and however , the Jurchens oppressed Han Chinese for labour .	I
Adopted the Han style of government and huangtaiji included Han Chinese in his government .	I
From 1970- ' 71 , he attended graduate school , and taught English at the University of Bordeaux in France .	O
She 'd had an onset of mental illness and had difficulty coping with life on medication .	O
He also synonymized the genera " Pappaceras " and " Juxia " with " Forstercooperia " .	O
Defendant-appellees reply brief is due December 30 , 2014 , and her brief was filed on December 9 , 2014 .	I
It is headquartered in São Paulo and has an office in Blumenau .	O
They ride to the woman , and johnson says he must help .	I
The ballad ends with the narrator blessing true men , and hoping to keep them away from the thieves company .	O
He is married , and has two children .	O
In 2012 they moved to Brooklyn and were renamed the Brooklyn Nets .	O
The team was left scrambling for a venue with opening day approaching , and it finally settled on the Teaneck Armory in Teaneck , New Jersey .	O
Marbury made the All-NBA 3rd Team in 2000 and his very first All-Star Game in 2001 .	O
The Pistons won Game 7 in a rout and took the series 4 games to 3 .	O
He was born at Bologna , and was active there in 1658 .	O
Co-host of the Jam Session podcast with Amanda Dobbins and she is also the host of the Bachelor Party podcast .	I
Both were first round picks in the 1983 NFL Draft and are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame .	O
In the 200-metre freestyle in 2 and lim was runner-up in the 50-metre freestyle in 26.42 : 05.05 .	I
He died on 21 December 1708 and was buried at Great Whelnetham .	O
Could not be reinforced and the Swabians were hopelessly outnumbered .	I
He learns to read lips quite quickly but an accidental explosion results in him becoming deaf .	I
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Mankombu Gopalakrishnan .	O
The lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi and the music was composed by A. T. Ummer .	I
The supposed writers were " stunned " to learn of the forgeries and however , it was learned that Brown had counterfeited each of the letters .	I
Ordered to stand trial for the forgeries and brown was then charged with contempt of court .	I
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi .	O
A post office was established at Glory in 1881 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1915 .	O
A post office was established at Glory in 1901 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1913 .	O
Took part in the activity of different political circles and from her early years Moravskaya had an active civic stand .	I
From Japan she travelled to Latin America and then she moved to the US .	O
His mother a housewife and his father was a merchant .	I
The students rented rooms in local homes and became part of the local atmosphere .	O
Celebrated its centenary in 2011 and the club was founded in 1911 .	I
The 47 survivors were brought to Norfolk , Virginia and spent the rest of the war in captivity .	O
Some sleeping defenders at the fort were aroused by noise and what was termed the First Battle of Franklin erupted .	O
People migrate from their hometown to Chennai and get employed in different unorganized sectors .	O
He responded to the provocation with a smile and moved his arms , mimicking a monkey .	O
He has much to learn , but renato has a big talent .	I
Findlay commanded Lieutenant-General Redvers Buller 's ammunition column and was mentioned in despatches on two occasions .	O
The schedule had been published several months earlier , and his decision was made well before the Games .	O
Thami Shobede where Noma season 12 and 27 November 2016.The top two were Noma Khumalo won .	I
This was achieved by April 2017 but the programme continues to grow .	O
Little ecological research can explain its use , but mixing of the two calls occurs occasionally .	I
The first Senate so appointed took office in 1999 , and constitutional arrangements came into effect in 1997 – 1998 .	I
Finished in 2012 and this began in 2011 .	I
Welsh poet who a priest in the Church of England and john Dyer ( 1699 – 15 December 1757 ) was a painter became .	I
As a result , Dyer retained such interests and translated his studies into verbal landscape art .	O
They were elected by council in October 2018 and will serve the 2018 / 2019 year .	O
When World War II broke out , he moved to London , and he worked as a wartime translator for the British Broadcasting Corporation .	O
Hilda died shortly after arriving in California and is buried in Berkeley , California .	O
Is one of the most influential art books of the century , and revised in 1974 , it has been translated into fourteen languages .	I
The early maps always place it somewhere around the racecourse , and the name ' Caulfield ' was in use by 1853 .	I
Councillors were elected for a four-year term , and elections were last held in October 2016 .	I
Is now a minor road and all this part has been declassified .	I
Passes Audley End and it crosses the M11 .	I
Became the Shire of Moorabbin in 1871 and the Moorabbin Road District was created in 1862 .	I
The first experimental telephone exchange was based on the ideas of Puskás , and it was built by the Bell Telephone Company in Boston in 1877 .	O
By 1950 production surpassed 17,000 units and in 1949 , BMW produced 9,200 units .	I
The stanchions contain only lubricating oil , but the Telelever uses conventional telescopic forks .	I
New residents are generally more educated and classified as higher income earners .	O
Is included in the capital 's population statistical division and it is considered part of the Greater Melbourne metropolitan area .	I
The Federal government electorate is the Division of Lalor and its state government electorate is the electoral district of Melton .	I
Became Nipissing University College 's faculty of education in August 1973 , and the school was renamed North Bay Teachers ' College in 1953 .	I
Use a 1974 – 79 VW Transporter to commute , and they share a loft apartment where they also work .	I
Mulder takes cover , and a shootout ensues .	I
A descending staircase is unearthed beneath one of the caskets and Mulder is reunited with the rest of the trio .	O
Stockworks have been produced which in a permeable , and endoskarns form within the intrusive body where fracturing , cooling joints , results area .	I
Venice Blvd and between Manchester Avenue .	I
These tradeoffs give " Rampart " its charm but also make the game difficult to master .	O
Yandarbiyev was seriously wounded and died in hospital .	O
In the 1972 – 73 season they duly won the League and the club 's first European trophy , the UEFA Cup .	O
Was replaced by his assistant Bob Paisley and he resigned citing the need for a break .	I
Therefore the author 's identity remains a mystery , and the name is otherwise unknown in this context .	I
Its social ranking improved , and it attracted more members .	O
Semchuk was president of the Meadow Lake Board of Trade and was a director of the Saskatchewan Chamber of Commerce .	O
Oriol Servià clinched third , and max Papis finished second .	I
Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for the BAFTA Television Award for Best Leading Actor and " The Wars of the Roses " was nominated for Best Mini-Series .	O
The wooden doors inside the house are interesting and unusually shaped ; no two are identical .	O
In 2011 , he changed nationality and started to compete for Serbia .	O
The Wronker family was forced to sell " and in 1934 the company was " aryanized .	I
The Pacific Coast League from 1949 to 1956 , and austin played in the International League in 1949 .	I
Started the distribution company , Garvey Nut and in 1976 , Klein lived in Temple City .	I
Called it " A. Lafuente Gª Rojo Architect " and after this period he maintained the studio on his own .	I
Roads were blocked throughout the city , and the river was closed to boating .	O
In 1856 was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Albany County , and he was Supervisor of the Town of Guilderland from 1855 to 1857 .	I
The technology is trademarked by CRI as Emissions-to-Liquids ( ETL ) and the renewable methanol produced by CRI is trademarked as Vulcanol .	O
Were defeated when the Avengers arrived , but the armored agents defeated Iron Man .	I
Played their home games at Tom Adams Field and they were led by seventh-year head coach Paul Winters .	I
A J.D and from Oberlin College .	I
It soon became a recurring joke and gilligan pitched this idea at several meetings .	I
Is currently playing for the Potomac Nationals and stephen was born on October 2 , 1987 .	I
After playing two more seasons , he retired in 2005 , and in April , he once again moved back to Lithuania .	I
At BC Nevėžis of the Lithuanian Basketball , and he recently coached at the Arvydas Sabonis Basketball School , League .	I
She finished twenty-third in the qualification round and did not advance to the final .	O
Several months later , the album cover was revealed and a limited t-shirt was printed featuring the image .	O
The film opened to negative reviews and failed at the box office .	O
It was closed in 1798 and burned down in 1800 .	O
Their farming processes reflect this dedication and the winery has claimed dedication to sustainability .	I
His Army Crossing the and " Snow Storm : Hannibal Alps	I
He was transferred to a high-security facility and is scheduled for release in 2026 .	O
Re-opened in 1807 and it was closed 1805 .	I
Recorded by American country music band The Farm and " Home Sweet Home " is a song co-written .	I
Regularly cited on matters of Bermudian telecommunications regulation and its chairwoman , Vicki Coelho , is involved in .	I
Were punished for doing so and ( , ) Jews were prohibited from engaging in these rituals ( , , , ) .	I
God 's providential concern does embrace all of humanity , and thus , we do share in the universal historical experience . "	I
Reduce airframe life during prolonged flights and such buffeting would otherwise cause crew fatigue .	I
Irglová married Tim Iseler in 2011 and announced their divorce in 2012 .	O
Large windows open into the ground floor , and high spire lights at the first floor .	O
Asked her to marry him , and he immediately fell in love .	I
By October the Union Canal had procured a second boat and there were now two railway-and-canal journeys each way daily .	O
In this period the passenger train service continued at a moderate level , and the terrain crossed by the railway never encouraged significant local passenger traffic .	I
Totally burned down by the Mamluks and in 1798 , the monastery was sacked .	I
In 1833 , Robert Curzon visited the monastery and left a written record of his visit .	O
There is another rectangular chamber west of the circular chamber and it is divided in half by two projecting buttresses .	O
She had begun her journalism career at " The Sidney Daily News " and later joined the " Coin World " staff as a historical researcher .	O
Then is whisked back to her proper time soon afterwards , but she manages to break her love out of the asylum .	I
Saves Annie from being buried alive , and strat is pulled back in time .	I
Multiple possibilities are separated by slashes , and optional elements are enclosed in parentheses .	O
In 1919 , he returned to England and died at Hampstead Heath in 1921 .	O
Displays photoluminescence with forensic light sources , and lawsone non-specifically targets primary amino acids .	I
Had to be transferred to Birote because of no student availability and the first Primary Vernacular Boys School was founded in Reala in 1900 .	I
Andreas was born in Oslo and grew up in Asker .	O
The following additional music appeared in the film but does not appear on the soundtrack CD .	O
Educated at the Jesuit College of St. Ignatius , Stamford Hill and he was born at Forest Gate of a large Roman Catholic family .	I
Was eliminated in the first round in individual foil and in individual events , Schenker placed fourth in individual sabre .	I
Scored with a 39-yard Phil Dawson field goal instead , and however , they were unable to score a touchdown .	I
The Dolphins answered with kicker Jay Feely getting a 43-yard field goal , yet the Browns responded with QB Derek Anderson getting a 1-yard TD run .	O
Afterwards , Dawson gave Cleveland a 22-yard field goal , yet Arizona answered with Rackers completing a 19-yard field goal .	O
The Browns were the season 's only 9 + win team to not make the playoffs .	O
Zach Bowman is Contributing Editor , and adam Waheed is Senior Editor .	I
Graduated from The American University of Paris , but jarmon attended The University of Southern California .	I
Pedro would return , but in what condition ?	O
These bands included former Yes members , performed / perform Yes music and presented / present themselves within the context of Yes ' history .	O
A competition of Web Series were introduced and in 2017 , a selection of VR programs .	I
Compiled a 24-18 ( .571 ) record and in 1886 , Casey threw 39 complete games .	I
The tower is tall and contains 63 floors .	O
Technology Law Review and " Michigan Telecommunications	I
However , sales of the brand were poor and it was soon taken off the market .	O
In October 2003 the then Palm Island Council was dissolved and an administrator was appointed until the March 2004 election .	O
Buck managed the 1890 Giants team for which John pitched , and the brothers played on the same team for two seasons .	I
Sentenced to life in prison and yamanaka is arrested for the murders .	I
Yamanaka asks to allow him to kill Katsutoshi and muraoka makes it seem as if Takanashi was lying .	I
Was again the leading jockey by nationwide earnings and he won four races at the Breeders ' Cup .	I
Minored in community health and he majored in family studies .	I
" The Invalid 's Hymn book " , 6th edition , 1854 ) and elliott edited " Christian Remembrancer Pocket Book " ( 1834 – 59 .	I
Pope Francis made Rosa a cardinal on 28 June 2017 and he is the first cardinal hailing from El Salvador .	O
After 29 March 1919 played as Schwaben Augsburg and the association 's football department was formed in 1907 .	I
Was relegated after just two seasons , but schwaben Augsburg joined the Gauliga Bayern .	I
Mlb in games won , with 21 and two years later , he tied for the NL lead .	I
Ken Bald married Katherine Dowd , in October 1943 , and will be married 75 years as of October 2018 .	O
68 at Watkins Glen , and Allen driving the No .	O
44 Toyota Camry and the No .	O
The EIA ceased operations on February 11 , 2011 , but the former sectors continue to serve international standardization organizations .	O
Finally a 100 % measuring of the electrical values will be done and the taping for automated processing in a manufacturing device are performed .	O
Are designed to be handled by machines rather than by humans and they don ’ t require through-hole access in a PCB to mount .	I
This code is international and in common use .	O
So aging is fastest near the beginning , and the capacitance value effectively stabilizes over time .	O
Some species grew up to six feet long and its armor weighed up to a ton .	O
They were returned to the United States before the close of 1968 and their deployment overseas put a severe strain on manpower in the Marine Corps .	I
134 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 22 businesses in this sector .	O
Russian news coverage is largely pro-Russia , but that is to be expected . "	O
Ukrainian army forces were accused of " ethnic cleansing " and were compared to the Nazis in World War Two .	O
He was bought by French team RC Strasbourg in 1994 , and helped them win the Coupe de la Ligue in 1997 .	O
He was educated at the Jews ' Free School in London and was a member of the Brady Street Boys ' Club .	O
Meanwhile , mutants have prospered in the long-lost wastelands of Earth and were unwilling to allow the humans to have it again .	O
Pickuppal was ordered to pay $ 2,836.07 CAN to the Ontario government and $ 8,500.00 CAN to Trentway-Wagar for the violation of these laws .	O
17 km west of Senftenberg , and 50 km north of Dresden .	O
The most common surnames in Lauchhammer and their frequencies as of 2014 :	O
Joined the European Tour and he turned professional in 1971 .	I
He joined the work of his father but in 1620 he became a doctor of law .	I
A fire destroyed the studio completely in 1672 , but a cosmology was planned as their next project .	I
England arrived in Australia on 10 November , and played their first Test on 23 November .	O
Five One-day Internationals in South Africa and pakistan play three Tests , one T20I .	I
Was taught to ski by his father Robert and he was an active Boy Scout for many years .	I
" UEFA Cup and Europa League "	O
" UEFA Cup and Europa League "	O
Dated to the latter half of the Warring States period , and 1 of the Guodian tombs in Jingmen , Hubei Province .	I
Marell graduated in Business Administration 1991 , and finished her doctoral thesis in 1998 .	O
The mine closed shortly after and the mine tunnel mouths were sealed .	I
Is the home ground of CA Progreso and it is currently used primarily for football matches .	I
The stadium holds 8,000 spectators and was built in 1983 .	O
Interrupted by crossings with traffic lights and in Nürnberg-Gostenhof it is not an Autobahn .	I
Moñino ( 2010 ) reconstructed proto-Gbaya and proposes the following family tree :	O
It is the traditional language of the Gudang people , and is the northernmost language of the Cape York Peninsula .	O
He co-founded the magazine " The Idler " and founded the Cloud Appreciation Society in 2004 .	O
Ordered to pay damages of $ 905,000 and he was sentenced to one year in prison .	I
As such , many lipid signaling molecules cannot circulate freely in solution but , rather , exist bound to special carrier proteins in serum .	O
She marries Wyatt in the seventh book , and announces her pregnancy in the sixteenth book .	O
He owns Three Ponies Ranch and works in a mine .	O
She cherishes the memories she has of her , but sam doesn 't remember her mom very well .	I
Pam 's mom and a Scientist .	O
Her previous owners gentled her well enough , but then she developed a habit of rearing .	O
He is left without a mother for Boots and the woman refuses to sell the Jenny to Ryan .	I
The US Advisory Board of the Johns Hopkins University Bioethics Institute and he is an honorary professor at the University of Warwick business school .	I
Majority of them are displayed in this museum and more than 15000 artefacts were collected from this site .	I
Sets off once again in search of Sam , and the Doctor decides to leave Susan her freedom .	I
Rodrigues married at the age of 20 but soon lost his wife to tuberculosis .	O
Headed back to Kaho 'olawe to get help and at this point Billy Mitchell took the long board .	I
" There is man and there is environment .	O
Has five children and desidério Costa is married .	I
He intended to become a photographer , but pursued a career as an actor .	O
He often pushes her too hard to achieve , and mr. Persopolis wants the best for his daughter .	I
Patented the torsion clock in 1879-1880 and the German Anton Harder apparently independently invented .	I
Had become " Pergo Park " by 1805 and " Pergore Park " is first recorded in 1544 .	I
The Pirgo estate included a domestic chapel housing Grey family tombs , and memorials to several members of the Cheke ( Cheek ) family .	O
Accordingly , the Vidyodaya University and Vidyalankara University Act No .	O
Starts to cry and she then breaks down .	I
Only eight were broadcast , but eleven episodes were made .	I
Mendoza joined internet radio station Delux Radio in February 2018 and presents the 2-4 pm afternoon show 5 days per week	O
Were driven underground fighting against the Marcos dictatorship or some of the Opposition members ended up in exile .	I
Today there is lots of single vine yard wines in Australia , but when Roman started in 1990 , he was a virtual pioneer .	O
Devoted himself to Clarendon Hills 100 % and in 1994 Roman left the Australian Government laboratories .	I
Graduated from Radcliffe College in 1935 and gilden was born in Bangor , Maine .	I
Patients should ask their doctors about the results of these different tests and how they influence the type of treatment they may be offered .	O
They were flown to Davis-Monthan for storage and by 1971 the aircraft were basically worn out .	I
The in-house training system and educational outreach programme .	O
The company was acquired by Blitz Games at the end of 2006 but was sold back to former owner Mike Gogan in May 2008 .	O
He is a National Poetry and Literary Essay Prize Winner .	O
Features the compositions of hard bop pianist Sonny Clark and the album was released in 1986 on Black Saint Records .	I
Have stronger budgetary oversight over those too and parliament would also be consulted on overseas missions .	I
Several lotteries were held to raise additional funds , but the endeavour finally closed its doors in 1830 .	O
The Schweizer company model number is Schweizer SA 2-38A Condor and , in its three-seat configuration , Schweizer SA 3-38A Condor	O
Presents a clear view of the outside environment and the image moves in real time with the aircraft .	I
It was her second album and was released in 1990 .	O
The plant has a mild flavor , and is eaten as a leaf vegetable .	O
Contested by other scholars it uncertain and however , this interpretation has been accepted by some , leaving .	I
However , he returned to Macul – based team the following year and was part of the champion team that reached the Torneo Clausura .	O
The first American version appeared in a two-book volume ( with " Maigret and the Reluctant Witness " ) entitled Versus Inspector Maigret published by Doubleday .	O
The BBS was less than 100k in size and ran off of a 720k floppy disk .	O
By 1927 , NM 11 replaced all of NM 12 south of Reserve and had been further extended northwest to the Arizona state line near Luna .	O
Was most influenced by the books of Ned Buntline and he was inspired to write dime novels by reading them .	I
Also plays singles but he specializes in doubles .	I
" Niagara at the turn of the century and how it has changed " ( 1996 )	O
Has been offered for 45 years and cristal is produced by Embotelladora Azuaya S.A. .	I
Made no appearances for the first eleven after 1978 , but he remained with Sussex as their coach until 1987 .	I
Then stormed out as Peter Parker entered and he later confronted his father at a bar .	I
Was blindsided by Spider-Man , but squid broke the bat .	I
She is Barack Obama 's wife , and was the first African-American First Lady .	O
The second wife of Hussein Onyango Obama , and she was Barack Obama 's paternal grandmother .	I
Married a white woman and charles later became a teacher .	I
In 1981 SAS sold all the 727s and the employees were integrated into SAS .	O
The slave be freed and be loos 'd in mercy !	I
The " Wasps " tag was dropped and the club became known as Wigan .	O
In 1887 he was nominated and elected Ohio Lieutenant Governor .	O
Educated in the public schools and he was raised on a farm .	I
Governor Nash appointed Gordon to the position June 26 , 1902 , and in 1902 , Carl L. Nippert resigned as Ohio Lieutenant Governor .	I
Was married to Eleanor G. Lathrop July 24 and in 1895 , Bloom was admitted to the bar .	I
He grew up in Harpster , attending the public schools , and charles ' mother died when he was three years old .	I
Was awarded an honorary degree in 1927 , and he was a trustee of the university .	I
Well as an art gallery as the trust has its own mini-theatre .	I
Deciding match of the Danish Cup 2003-04 and the 2004 Danish Cup Final was the final .	I
Irrigable land for and of this , 200 dunams were plantations , 2,338 cereals ,	I
Found a need for a stone bridge over the Ätran river and county governor Hans Hummelheim was responsible for the infrastructure in the county .	I
This caused the fire which destroyed the United aircraft at Bryce Canyon and severely damaged the American aircraft that landed in flames at Gallup .	O
The chimney is brick and the roof is in stone-slate .	I
Lincoln Miller - Crooners & All That Jazz ,	O
On November 7 , the defense rested and the 12-person jury retired to deliberate .	O
In the 8th century the temple was visited by Padmasambhava and it is believed he concealed many spiritual treasures here .	O
In 1644 the Zhabdrung dismantled the existing dzong and laid the foundations of a new dzong .	O
This allowed another fifth-place finish for Turkmenistan , and caused their rank to ascend to No .	O
Prefer slightly soft , acid water but redeyes tolerate a range of water conditions .	I
Was in business as a craftsman making buttons and by 1891 , Boepple had set up a shop .	I
When three other women enter , each re-emerges elated ; and thus Parnassus has won a total of four souls .	O
Was completed August 9 , 2010 and work began on October 9 , 2008 .	I
As a freshman , Betances was tall , and could throw a fastball as fast as .	O
Congressman Robert Ehrlich won the Republican nomination , and kathleen Kennedy Townsend won the Democratic nomination .	I
Davenport appeared in " Legion of Super Heroes " and " While the Children Sleep " in 2007 .	O
There were very few publicly planted areas and in the early days the village lacked colour .	I
He was born in Bruges , and died in Brussels aged 81 .	O
Many art experts worldwide have studied Tiwi art and have analysed the meaning of Tiwi symbols .	O
His son is conductor and violinist Mikk Murdvee .	O
Feigner was at his best in the 1950s , and it is doubtful if this figure is correct .	O
Most of his peşrevs use devr-i kebir as their rhythmical basis and are easily distinguishable from the earlier works of his precedents .	O
The Stingray used elements of the still-born Q-Corvette design study as well as the SS underpinnings , featuring a wheelbase .	O
The book is strongly influenced by Suecia antiqua et hodierna and was based on two journeys , fourteen years apart .	O
The British Guild of Travel Writers and sanger is a member of Travelwriters UK .	I
Clarke was not offered a new contract by the Rockies and became a free agent on December 12 , 2007 .	O
The pelvic fins are orange to red and the dorsal fins of male fish are pointed .	I
To Zainab 's distress , so does Tamwar , but yusef enters the burning building to save Afia .	I
She 's warm and great fun .	O
Lost the award to co-star , Lacey Turner ' but thakrar was also nominated for ' Best Actress .	I
The building was completed in 1832 but was demolished in the 1960s .	O
Over 2,438 were injured and at least 1,127 people died .	I
Mt 82 was originally designated as Secondary Highway 208 ( S-208 ) , and was among the first of the new secondary routes established in 1942 .	O
Sensitive measurement of nucleic acid amounts and this separation allows a more reliable collection .	I
The PCR solution is divided into smaller reactions and are then made to run PCR individually .	O
The first section was built as a gravel road in 1949 , and the gravel road was improved with bituminous stabilizaton the following year .	O
Several hamlets before in Mullingar , and it passes through the town of Ballymore , terminating .	I
The Quireboys reformed in 2001 with a new line-up and have released six new albums since that time .	O
Was under construction west to Cornerville by 1930 and the state highway was extended to Lloyds in 1928 .	I
Has a capacity of 1,481 students and bev Facey is a two-storey building of .	I
Their mascot is Chuck the Falcon a blue , and bev Facey 's sports teams are known as the Falcons , falcon .	I
This eliminates defensive play , but makes the game faster .	O
Has about 240 species and it is pantropical in distribution .	I
Smith opened a consulting business , E-tool Enterprises , and was a partner in Neuse Timber Land Company .	O
He played in the all star game , and won the Best Nine Award this year .	O
Declined in favor of returning to the United States , but he was offered a contract from the Chunichi Dragons .	I
The school receives approximately $ 500 million in research awards annually and is ranked 8th among public medical schools in NIH funding .	O
There are two ways to complete each match against the computer , or over the internet using the games webpage link . < br >	O
They are uncommon but not rare .	O
Former British army officer and hattersley was an Edmonton lawyer .	I
It has never been functional , but there is a fish ladder .	I
It was renamed " Palazzo Ducale " and magnificently rebuilt in the 16th century .	O
Genoa 's power peaked early , and it was eclipsed by Venice .	O
Lund translated the entire Bible into Hiligaynon , and the New Testament into two other dialects .	O
She met Samuel Johnson around this time , and he held her in very high regard .	O
" The Female Quixote " was officially anonymous and technically unrecognised until after Lennox 's death .	O
Hallmark Releasing bought the film for $ 10,000 and it was considered a " hit . "	O
It opened in 1890 and closed in 1937 .	O
Kathy again tries to kill herself with pills , but Nadereh saves her by inducing her to vomit .	O
The ship had a double bottom , and was divided internally into watertight compartments .	O
Bouton was forced out and eventually , Pittsfield politics intervened .	I
Character designs were overseen by Teiichi Takiguchi , and original music was composed by Robbi Finkel .	I
These areas would provide the opportunity not only to restore forest stands , but also to restore populations of native vertebrate animals threatened by landscape fragmentation .	O
Extra cabins were built providing an additional 140 bunks and a new briefing room with an army plot was installed .	I
This could be a lengthy process and was done on the move .	O
Female howler monkeys have trichromatic color vision and unlike other New World monkeys , both male .	I
Their sum within the random sample is almost surely not zero , and the statistical errors , on the other hand , are independent .	I
Rittenhouse was a member of the American Philosophical Society and the first director of the United States Mint .	O
The ferry is closed from January through March , and daily service is available from May through September .	I
Felt arrived soon after , for a separate appointment and sat next to Woodward in the waiting room .	O
Received considerable support from Hollywood circles " and reems became a " cause célèbre .	I
They tried to learn the languages , assumed Iroquois names , and organized the group by the historic pattern of Iroquois tribes .	O
Connections to prevent the collapse of Barleywood and for the present , he lacked the wealth .	I
Seldom appeared on rolling stock but it appeared on many promotional publications .	I
Bevo XIII became the mascot in 1988 and served 16 seasons on the sideline .	O
The most infamous were the massacres at Koniuchy in 1944 , and Naliboki in 1943 committed by forest partisans in eastern borderlands .	O
Espresso are loanwords from Italian which have no equivalence in English , and it has been a point of discussion that latte , cappuccino .	I
By March 2014 , it had about 50 stores in the country and an agreement to open 100 more over the next five years .	O
After a time of wandering , Joseph enters California and records his homestead in the Nuestra Senora valley .	O
The farm becomes the site of a New Year 's fiesta , and after a time , Joseph remembers his promise to Old Juan .	I
Was significantly less expensive than the standard masonry arch design , and freyssinet 's proposal was for three reinforced concrete truss spans .	I
Jacked up the shipyard buildings , and freyssinet introduced prestressed concrete beams .	I
He chose a military career , trained in England and was commissioned into the 15th Foot in 1831 .	O
Has been rebound with a library quality hardcover binding and a prebound book is a book that was previously bound .	I
Where " θ " is the angle of inclination , and the component of " F " perpendicular to gravity is	O
Laid siege to the city , and in 1451 he attacked Dubrovnik .	I
Lady Russell – An old friend of the late Lady Elliot , and the godmother of Anne , of whom she is particularly fond .	O
Seeks his attention and she likes Captain Wentworth .	I
Sir Walter obsessively reads books relating only to the baronetage and the Musgrove family are relentlessly philistine in their tastes .	O
Died in Belgium in 1940 , aged 88 and father Mortara spent most of his life outside Italy .	I
Montefiore failed to gain an audience with the Pope , and was received by Cardinal Antonelli only on 28 April .	O
He received a personal letter from the Pope to mark the occasion , as well as a lifetime trust fund of 7,000 lire to support him .	O
Died there on 11 March 1940 at the of 88 and father Pio Edgardo Mortara resided at Bouhay for the rest of his life , age .	I
Is one of the oldest in the region and the hacienda was constructed by warriors of Hernán Cortés .	I
Then hit with sticks of various colors and it was filled with five types of seeds .	I
Breeding occurs once a year , they produce one offspring , and will have maybe one to two more in their lifetime .	O
Joined the Imperial Russian Navy at the age of 17 , and rozhestvensky was the son of a physician from St Petersburg .	I
He died of a heart attack in 1909 and was buried in the Alexander Nevsky Lavra .	O
Is in practice exercised by the Prime Minister , but executive authority is nominally vested in the President .	I
He died at 56 Lansdowne Road , Notting Hill , and is buried in the Kensal Green Cemetery , London .	O
The Wolf at the Royal Festival Hall and in 2010 he also narrated Prokofiev 's Peter .	I
Is dominated by the Chlemoutsi fortress , and it is situated in the hills .	I
Today it is as a monument and is sometimes used for concerts .	O
The dot is carefully placed up against the stylus ( needle ) and a feather touch is applied to keep the label in place .	O
In September 1848 , the Slovak National Council was established in Vienna and it forthwith proclaimed the secession of the Slovak territory from Hungary .	O
His mother moved to Trenčín ( Trencsén ) , and on 27 July 1851 , his father died .	I
On 22 December 1855 , Štúr accidentally shot and wounded himself during a hunt near Modra .	O
Is undercover as a student and donald shares an apartment with House .	I
" Aedes albopictus " is capable of hosting the Zika virus and is considered a potential vector for Zika transmission among humans .	O
The abdomen are numerous spots covered in white-silvery scales , and on the side of the thorax , the scutellum .	I
For example , examining the existence of viruses in the trapped mosquitoes , and this means a suitable tool is available for trapping adult tiger mosquitoes .	I
Crises can be clustered , but potential crises are enormous .	I
Some argue that apology opens an organization up for possible legal consequences , and there has been debate about the role of apologies in crisis management .	I
Aughra also escapes , and later rescues Fizzgig .	O
Also released it in widescreen on LaserDisc for the first time and the company 's successor HBO Video re-released it on VHS in 1988 .	I
Are crucial to understanding what scarlet actually was in the Middle Ages and the origins of the word " scarlet " have been debated quite extensively .	I
Before a calf is completely weaned off of milk , for both dairy and beef cattle , the calf must have developed a fully functioning rumen .	O
The film was hugely popular in Europe , but did not break through to the US .	O
Showed it to everybody and hamilton found the card hilarious .	I
In general use , a seminary can be a secular institution , or part of an institution , designated for specialized training , e.g .	O
At the time he claimed it was a one-off song , and that he was not a singer in his own right .	O
The Making of England " and walker , Ian W. " Mercia .	I
Respect and just for remembrance . "	I
The agriculture was based on sheep through the 19th century but switched over to dairy farming by the 20th century .	O
Collaborated with the new masters and the Gothic Church remained in place .	I
672,215 were reported to have remained after the war and half a million Muslims succeeded in reaching Ottoman controlled lands .	I
Today , Islam is experiencing a modest revival and there are now many mosques in China .	O
Relative religious freedom existed for Muslims in the years following the revolution , but in the late 1920s the Soviet government took a strong anti-religious turn .	O
( according to one report ) " " " and el-sherbini was called " Islamist " , " terrorist slut .	I
In some cases , Mike Holmes personally contributes funds towards the repairs , but the remainder of the work is funded by the TV production company .	I
The producers made this a condition of the deal , but holmes did not intend that he appear on camera .	I
The Association continued to organise meetings throughout Britain and a number of new branches were established .	O
In the western coastal areas of the United States and " Myoporum insulare " is invasive in several African countries .	I
The second sequel to " The Karate Kid " ( 1984 ) and the Karate Kid Part III is a 1989 American martial arts drama film .	I
Cobra Kai sensei John Kreese is now broke and destitute after losing all of his students .	O
The next morning remembers nothing about the previous night , but max takes Mary home with him after the event .	I
Returned to London the following year , and he was in Paris in 1783 .	I
Earned more than $ 100,000 , travelling around playing exhibition tournaments and after capping a stellar amateur career in 1940 , Marble turned professional .	I
After that became Viceroy of India and subsequently he was appointed Governor General of Canada term .	I
The first rail tracks were laid in 1891 and its first commercial run was in 1892 .	O
Moved to acreage in Whonnock BC and they married in the spring of 1912 .	I
Tadpole toured several times in New Zealand and played gigs all around the world .	O
It was Slapp Happy 's second album for Virgin , and they had invited Henry Cow to record with them .	O
Wavefront was renamed to Alias Technologies and acquired by Autodesk in 2005 .	O
It also had the ability to manipulate UVs , Normals and assign material associations saved in the MTL file format .	O
They beat him up badly before taking the talisman and the demons have already made their way to his apartment .	I
Professor Walsh is upset that Riley disobeyed orders for Buffy , but says she thinks that Buffy will " work out " .	O
Sends his team after the vampire ) and forrest spots Hostile 17 ( Spike .	I
At the conclusion of the game , Madd Dogg visits the Johnson house and announces that he has received a gold record for his new album .	O
Cj then gets up and leaves the house .	O
Founding editor of " The Mysterious East " and while teaching at UNB , Cameron served as publisher .	I
Soon began work as a photographer , and he finished school at age fifteen .	I
The village is on the A65 road and at the head of the A687 .	O
Deliberately puts Piyush 's name on the letter and rishi , who dislikes Kashish , sees the letter .	I
Was instrumental in establishing the Cork Vietnamese Freedom Association in the 1960s and he was also involved with the Unemployed Protest Movement in the late 1950s .	I
The IRF group established Saor Éire in 1968 and produced a paper called People 's Voice .	O
A poor batsman , Carr never made a half-century , and in his later years his batting declined even further .	O
Was restored in the 14th century , but the building later fell into disrepair .	I
Swineshead Abbey was founded in 1135 as a Savigniac monastery , but in 1147 was converted to Cistercian by Robert de Gresley .	O
The Bricklayer 's Arms on Wainfleet Road ( A52 ) and the village public houses are the White Hart on Church Road .	I
Instrumentalist for the Maranatha and ham was a featured vocalist !	I
Published by Soviet Mir Publishing House in 1967 and in English it was first translated by Alan Myers .	I
Was a long-time member of the Board of Trustees of Barry University and she was inducted into the Florida Women 's Hall of Fame in 1986 .	I
Leave behind a monogrammed white glove and the Phantom would steal items of jewelery .	I
Currently , he is the Dean , School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Pwani University college , Kilifi Kenya .	O
He built Toronto 's iconic King Edward Hotel and created the British Columbia Salmon Canning Industry .	O
Were continually expanding as new land was reclaimed from the tidal marshes , and the parishes along the coast of the Wash had no eastern boundaries .	I
The graveyard is still public , and interments still take place there .	O
Is Grade II listed , and it was originally belt-driven .	I
Paternal grandparents were Russian Jews , and his father , Izzy Horowitz .	I
Some proofs are given by this version supporters , and this place could be ideal for a settlement .	I
He a Bosnian Serb , and she was a Bosniak .	I
It was too late , but i grabbed my camera .	I
Menchov was made the winner and heras was later disqualified for doping .	I
Later bought by Sharon Dearden in 1977 , and the young horse was slowly broken in .	I
In some references both classes are combined and called the " Benson " class .	O
421 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 66 businesses in this sector .	O
Before entering politics he was an Associate Professor of Politics and African Studies at the State University of New York .	O
Had a franchise operation of 45 stores and by June 1987 the company owned five stores .	I
The company completed an 88-store acquisition of Blowout Entertainment in May , and ended the year with more than 950 locations in 31 states .	O
Tsemakh marries Slava and becomes irreligious .	O
The grandmother instantly takes a liking to the boy , and he is put on staff as the family physician .	O
She returns to her home and spends months in disappointment .	O
When Cena appeared close to winning , Randy Orton interfered and attacked him , causing Booker to lose by disqualification .	O
Orton won the match but not the title .	O
Accidentally shoved him off the ropes but vickie then tried to plead with Mysterio .	I
Michaels performed Sweet Chin Music on Shane , but shane tried a Coast-To-Coast on Triple H .	I
Lita tried to interfere again , but Edge warned her once again .	O
Jeff Hardy returned to WWE on the Raw brand and defeated Edge in a non-title match by disqualification .	O
After the match , Cena attacked Edge , and threw Edge into the Long Island Sound .	O
No HVSS 17pdr conversions ( CY ) therefore existed and however , no production 75mm Shermans were built with HVSS .	I
In September of that year , she sustained injuries in a carriage accident and in December 1904 , her health obliged her to leave the cast .	O
Forums along with about the game and the " Space Trader " website features community scoreboards , information .	I
Robin foolish to have trusted him , and king Richard thinks the friar treacherous .	I
At first Mohammad Shamsuzzoha joined Rajshahi University as a Development Officer in 1961 and on that year he also became lecturer in the Department of Chemistry .	O
Biological Sciences at the University of Notre Dame and gregory Louis Timp is a professor of Electrical Engineering .	I
Began carving cold glass instead of blowing hot glass , and ries 's interest in glass 's optical properties grew .	I
The request for a refund was dismissed and the government 's counterclaim was reinstated .	O
Earned her bachelor of fine arts in 1988 and later , she went back to U of A .	I
The MH2 domain mediates the interaction of R-SMADS with activated TGF-β receptors , and with SMAD4 after receptor-mediated phosphorylation of the Ser-X-Ser motif present in R-SMADS .	O
From Brown University and an M.A .	O
Primary School , in Moyamba District and the Albert Academy in Freetown .	O
Midfielder Argentine Ángel " Matute " – and he is the older brother of another footballer – Morales .	I
Hotels continue to operate , and militias provide security . "	O
Among these tenants was a local men 's clothing and sporting goods store known as B. Altman 's .	O
In 2004 , Dick 's Sporting Goods acquired and renamed all of the Galyan 's stores .	O
Was defeated 1 – 0 in the second leg , but the club won the first leg 1 – 0 .	I
The mantle of the octopus is spherical in shape and contains most of the animal 's major organs .	O
Managed to teach himself to throw left-handed and mullane suffered an injury to his right arm .	I
Was traded to the Baltimore Orioles on June 16 , and mullane began the season a mediocre 6 – 6 .	I
Teague nicknamed his Hudson Hornet the " Fabulous Hudson Hornet " and had that name painted on the sides of the car .	O
" Oil , Chemical and Atomic Workers International Union	O
Merged with Rowe 's Bus and in 1984 Riverstone Bus Service was purchased Service .	I
Died in 1841 and lanyon returned to England .	I
Cunningham arrived in Sydney with his family in 1845 and settled at Congwarra , north west of Lanyon .	O
Settled for a 27th-place effort after an engine issue and starting a year-long best 30th , Pimm led one lap .	I
Restored the Byzantine Empire , bringing an end to the Latin Empire and eventually Michael VIII Palaiologos , the ruler of the Niceaen Empire captured Constantinople .	I
Made two visits to Western Australia where he also met with success and andersen has ridden with success at a number of racing venues throughout Europe .	I
The previous Senior High building was converted to Maple View Middle School , and the previous Junior High building was converted to Summit Trail Middle School .	O
Langford Tennis Club has two floodlit courts and compete in the Bedfordshire LTA leagues .	O
Found that the exclusion clause could be relied upon and lord Wilberforce , writing for the Court , overturned Denning .	I
Garrison offered for them to join his label , Boldface Records , but Rick declines while Phoebe agrees , much to Rick 's dismay .	O
In 1901 Moseley , accompanied by only one other officer , without escort and under conditions of great danger , penetrated a major Philippine insurgent stronghold .	O
Won the match via countout and hogan got back into the ring .	I
The anthology was released on August 5 , 2008 in North America and was released on October 6 , 2008 in the United Kingdom .	O
Liberty realizes she can not buy her way out of the situation , and she is forced to consider Joe 's demand for an anti-gun forum .	O
It joined FIFA in 1946 and co-founded CONCACAF in 1961 .	O
Alfredo Hawit is a great footballer and current president of the CONCACAF .	O
There was no relegation , but atlético Español finished last .	I
Is a direct reflection of the man-dominant paradigm surrounding sexual relations and from this perspective , pornography is created exclusively for men by men .	I
Then Fletcher gave his side the lead with ten minutes remaining , and after the interval , Barnsley equalised through Ashley Fletcher on 57-minutes .	I
Very aggressive and archangel is both streamlined . "	I
Members who had use of the library were provided keys and were allowed access to the library at any time .	O
His father was a poet and his mother a homemaker .	O
With a yellowish cream apex and the hindwings are grey whiter basally .	I
Is responsible for the day-to-day operation and the Strategic Leadership Team supports the CEO .	I
The contestants were Piper of Hampton and Perry of London Cricket Club .	O
" , Gor-Ray skirts were ubiquitous and hugely influential throughout British culture .	O
Svatantra is the only microfinance firm with 100 % cashless disbursements and offers the lowest lending rates of any MFI in India .	O
After one season playing for Griquas , Smith played himself into Springbok contention and was named in a 36-man squad at the end of the year .	O
By 1917 , virtually every division had at least one ; and concert parties were an integral element of the war effort .	I
From the Border vales and the Northern dales ,	O
Sleep our bravest and our best ;	O
The store is currently owned and operated by his descendants .	O
Campbell married twice , and had 4 daughters .	O
At most two years , or their life-span is one .	I
Since has seen more than 42 million views , and the video went viral within a few days .	I
Marie Curie also prepares and distributes other recipes .	O
Was on the diocese ’ s Executive Committee from 2006 through 2009 and in the Diocese of Mississippi , Seage served as a Fresh Start facilitator .	I
Bishop David Thompson presided over the groundbreaking in 1994 , and in 1995 the 33,000 square foot addition was completed .	O
Very dark towards the back of the terrace and this resulted in a house that was poorly lit .	I
Burton voluntary controlled primary school was founded in 1844 and served a number of settlements in the parish .	O
He played in 90 games and had 310 plate appearances .	O
He had 27 walks and only 56 strikeouts .	O
He only played 55 games in 1988 , and he had 22 hits in this year .	O
His batting average dropped to .144 and his slugging dropped to .170 .	O
He also founded Changsha Dalu School ( ) and served as Chief-Librarian of Hunan Provincial Library .	O
She served under the Senate Committee on Aviation and worked with the Senate Committee on Appropriation .	O
In 1937 , he was promoted to Major and took over the teaching of military tactics .	O
Concluded on June 12 , 2015 and the first season consisted of three episodes .	I
" , " Detective Story " , and " Death of a Salesman " .	O
Was their leading receiver with more than 1,000 receiving yards , and in 2014 Harris had a breakout final season with Texas .	I
Was released on his own in March 2016 and boba Fett was a timed exclusive to this pack .	I
More colourful shorebirds and lapwings are slightly bigger .	I
Takes around 23 minutes to perform and this composition is in only one movement .	I
Campbell voted reliably as a Whig , but reportedly did not enjoy the Commons .	O
By January 2018 there were 114 parishes with 53 receiving AEO , and by January 2019 there were 133 parishes with 63 receiving AEO .	O
Europos Centro Golf Club is a golf club and course in Girija , Vilnius District Municipality .	O
A former ambassador to Burkina Faso and alhaji Mogtari Sahanun is a Ghanaian politician .	I
Was named in honour of the British phycologist Nellie Carter-Montford , and it was first described by Edward M. Hulburt in 1957 .	I
Was located in Rotkreuzgasse 6 and the school initially had nine pupils .	I
Was taken over by London-based Worldwide Audio Ltd. in 2015 and beeaudio is the largest independent producer of audiobooks in the world .	I
Tv news commentator and he was a radio .	I
Are pollinated by insects , and the flowers are hermaphrodite .	I
The five chicks went back to the barn , and then the dog , the little red hen .	I
Directed its first feature film " " in and in 2011 , Verdi-Rose co-founded the production company , Green Rose Pictures , Skyler 2012 .	I
The 29th Connecticut Infantry mustered out of service October 24 , 1865 , and was discharged November 25 , 1865 , at New Haven , Connecticut .	O
Alhaji Mumuni Abudu Seidu is a Ghanaian politician and a former Minister of State without portfolio .	O
Ran parallel to the track to Knowton Colliery and a footpath runs from the entrance off Headlesscross Road .	I
Was recorded to be of extraordinarily high quality and its gold was already mentioned in the 14th century .	I
Was elected the island 's Inspector of Fisheries in 1856 , and after 1836 , he lived on Orust , in Bohuslän .	I
Hafiz Ringim was a Nigerian Policeman and former Inspector General of Police .	O
Former Inspector General of Police and aliyu Atta was a Nigerian Policeman .	I
Was succeeded by Muhammadu Gambo Jimeta in 1986 and he was appointed in 1983 to succeed Sunday Adewusi .	I
His arrival on the basketball team was highly anticipated , but he chose to redshirt the 2005 – 06 season .	O
In July 2013 , Sweetney signed with Lugano Tigers of the Swiss League and went on to help the team win the 2013 – 14 championship .	O
They use it in everything from pendants to religious ornaments to jewelry , and for this , Neapolitans consider red coral a sign of good luck .	I
The minimum value was within the ideal range , but the other two values were outside of it .	O
Became an estate manager and he attended Numbaa Public School .	I
Car dealership as the general and he also worked for a law firm manager .	I
Tried to hunt down Force K members and the French Army finally discovered the war ruse .	I
The massacre served to greatly embitter the " pied-noir " community and led to a massive surge of support for the OAS .	O
Many of those who stayed behind suffered severe reprisals after independence , and the " Harkis " were seen as traitors by many Algerians .	I
Within significantly altered contexts – but negotiation must necessarily continue .	I
Lead guitarist Terry Clements joined the following year , and in 1968 bassist Rick Haynes joined the band .	I
Continued to record with Lightfoot until 1975 , but shea left the touring band in 1970 .	I
The delegation returned to Thebes , and both sides mobilized for war .	O
During this period , Thebes had had an ally in Athens , but Athens was far from happy with the treatment Plataea had received .	O
Separates the rectum from the urogenital sinus and at week seven , the urorectal septum forms .	I
He was the son and pupil of Aglaophon .	O
Had a diameter of 80 centimetres and the second stage was 4.7 metres long .	I
Had a diameter of 80 centimeters and the third stage was 1.67 meters long .	I
According to Dionysius of Halicarnassus , Ascanius ' original name was Euryleon and this name was changed to Ascanius after his flight from Troy .	O
Agree to pay a yearly tribute and mezentius succeeded in making the city surrender .	I
Benny was born in Chicago , Illinois , and grew up in nearby Waukegan , Illinois .	O
Invited him to accompany her boys in their act and minnie , their mother , enjoyed Benny 's violin playing .	I
Chauffeur van Jones and eddie Anderson played Benny 's valet , Rochester .	I
Benny 's television program relied more on guest stars and less on his regulars than his radio program .	O
Begins a conversation and jack Benny sits down .	I
Varies considerably from season to season , and the precipitation is also extremely irregular .	I
Neal Adams chose to draw the script , and it was passed around the DC offices .	I
Moved on to Warsaw and they later returned to Vilnius .	I
The tournament was known as the U.S. National Singles Championships for Men and in the first years of the U.S. National Championship , only men competed .	I
Would eventually grow to more than 200 developers , and the development team was headed by David Liddle .	I
It was four times faster than Dandelion on standard benchmarks , and thus competitive with the fastest super minicomputers of the day .	O
Has since declined to 1,112 , as of 2004 , and in 1991 , Benabarre 's population was at 1,233 .	I
A bitter opponent of Demetrius Poliorcetes , and philochorus was strongly anti-Macedonian in politics .	I
The first summer games since the end of the Cold War and the games were the first to be unaffected by boycotts since 1972 .	I
Paper doves were used at the Atlanta Ceremony in 1996 and balloon doves were released in 1994 at the Lillehammer Winter Games .	I
Told her the film 's plot and they invited her upstairs to their offices .	I
That type of labeling really hurt me , and i became known as a porno star .	I
Co-authored " Xaviera Meets Marilyn Chambers " with Xaviera in , and chambers wrote an autobiography , " My Story " , in 1975 Hollander 1977 .	I
Deeply concerned with social issues and mccarey was a devout Roman Catholic .	I
Widowhood brought financial difficulties for Susan Barrantes , and she once again decided to start afresh .	O
Tastes like watercress and this plant is edible .	I
The stop at this station was discontinued September 1971 and the railroad crossing in Genetay in October 1979 .	O
Is reserved for students in kindergarten , but a second library is in town .	I
Caused as many as 21 deaths in some communities and as a result , the violent tornadoes killed entire families .	I
Stands at 15 storeys tall and the building was built in 1974 .	I
Looks similar to the Bell Canada Building , and the building was constructed in the 1930s .	I
The Hilton Windsor hotel is located at 277 Riverside Drive West , and stands at 22 floors , one of Windsor 's taller buildings .	O
It stands at 24 storeys and was completed in 1976 .	O
High-rise apartment building in downtown Windsor , Ontario and the Raymond Desmarais Manor is a seniors ' residence .	I
Has 346 units inside and it stands at 20 floors .	I
The original guardrails were replaced , as well as the deck surface .	O
Bandleader Billy Jenkins argues with the band and bass player Thad Kelly walks out .	O
During the 2012 MLS season , seventeen select home and road matches were broadcast on SportsRadio 610 WIP .	O
Married Joséphine Rivier the of a local aristocrat and in later life he settled in his family town of Yverdon , daughter .	I
On 9 February , it captured Volchansk and developed the attack towards the city .	O
The route enters the state from Arkansas near Fogel , Arkansas , and ends at the Kansas state line south of Chetopa , Kansas .	O
The mosque is planned to be built in Dushanbe and construction is said to be completed by 2014 .	O
There is no longer a parsonage in that city , and church property in Luang Prabang was seized after 1975 .	I
Adhere to the Sunni branch of Islam and turkish Cypriots are the minority of the island .	I
The first piece always starts from one end and ends anywhere before the first external force .	O
The Government generally respects this right in practice , and the Georgian Constitution provides for freedom of religion .	I
All the wheat crops have withered away , but the buildings in the region still stand .	I
This group is made up of long-billed insectivores , but several of them may take nectar from flowers .	O
It was produced by John Parish ( PJ Harvey , Giant Sand ) and engineered by Ali Chant at Toy Box Studios in Bristol , U.K .	O
Can be seen in the same binocular field and in the sky it appears close to Gamma Corvi .	I
Lemoine had been planning such a journal since early 1893 , but thought that he would be too busy to create it .	O
Book CHAPTERS AND scholarly ARTICLES	I
Gail Yoshitani and clifford J. Rogers .	I
Died in Los Angeles and he was born in Detroit .	I
Has been in operation ever and the Field Office was re-opened in 1934 since .	I
Not their violent suppression by means of war , but he encouraged the gentle correction of the Cathars .	I
The living quarters were renovated in 1964 and retain little of their historic fabric .	O
Relaunched in 2007 and the magazine was re-designed .	I
The pulpitis is normally painful and will require endodontic treatment .	O
In 1912 , he converted to Orthodox Christianity , and began lecturing on philosophy at St Petersburg University .	O
Be kept in a locked opaque case and it also must have a functional trigger lock .	I
The station is owned by Bicoastal Media and airs a classic hits radio format .	O
Saleyman Ahmed Hilawle was nominated as assistant administrator , and hussein Mohamud Moalim was named as new administrator .	I
As the 51st most common surname in Mainland China , and it is ranked 101st in the Hundred Family Surnames .	I
They then tied rocks to her neck and drowned her in the Crișul Repede .	O
Lost it after the Second Zhili-Fengtian War but the clique took power after the Zhili-Anhui War .	I
Beadle returned to Nebraska shortly thereafter , and the town was busted in 1857 .	I
Today Missunde has about 500 inhabitants and is set up for tourism .	O
The fortress in Colomars was built in 1880 and the Sirole chapel was inaugurated in 1857 .	O
A drum used to create it and goombay is a form of Bahamian music .	I
Bjp has sympathizers among the Nair and other ' Hindu ' communities .	O
Sold a total of 173,115 copies in 2006 and it maintained high sales for the following two weeks .	I
Protested Jacobs ' pending appointment and again , the BCAP stepped in .	I
Today , several of Jacobs disciples are coaching or occupying front office jobs in Philippine basketball :	O
However , the stables used by the track were not torn down and currently form a portion of the DuSable Museum of African-American History .	O
Composer Marcel Dupré from 1941 to 1946 and she was a pupil of the well-known organist .	I
He adopted a military career , and slowly rose through the ranks .	O
The other installations were built later and the control Tower , the fire station .	I
In general expressing these accelerations and forces can be complicated .	O
Deduct ten points at the beginning for self-importance and enjoy the rest for a lark . "	O
Australia won the first match by 8 wickets but lost the second match by 14 runs .	O
He left school at 14 to work in a garage , and later abandoned the motor trade to manage West End cinemas .	O
Shortly afterwards the magazine closed down and only three issues came out in 1931 .	I
He has done world tours with A. R. Rahman and collaborated with him for " Bombay Dreams " .	O
Became part of the Sandywell Park estate and in the mid-eighteenth century the estate was sold .	I
He was strongly in favour of removing street prostitution and also campaigned against drug abuse in his constituency .	O
The hall was sold to Harry Scribbans with only and the remaining land was sold at auction piecemeal .	O
Ends past Ditmas Avenue and it then intersects Linden Boulevard .	I
After his study he became a doctor in Delfzijl and in 1922 , Oosterhuis went to Amsterdam to study medicine .	I
Joined Sony Computer Entertainment Inc and in 1997 , Kaido left Taito .	I
About 40 km is in Krabi Province and 150 km in Surat Thani Province .	O
Conjured some high-intensity aces and bopanna was exceptional on serve .	I
Made jointly with the American Association of Engineering Societies , and the award is administered by the National Audubon Society .	I
Also , they considered the patent to disturb their business and thus , they demanded the patent to be void .	O
Westley proceeded to call Boyd " gifted " , and a player with " fantastic technical ability " .	O
Was the founder of Hamas women 's organisation , and she previously worked as a lecturer in Gaza .	I
The Damn Band from & derrick played fiddle for Hank III 1995-1999 .	I
Two of the city 's iconic walking and biking trails intersect in the neighborhood :	O
The first national fencing competition was held in 1921 and the Romanian Fencing Federation was created in 1931 .	O
Nowadays it is very common to see billboards and other advertising media using " voseo " .	O
On December 26 , they had a concert at Harajuku Ruido again , and this time the live house was sold out within the same day .	O
Systemic risk arises because of the interaction of market participants , and therefore can be seen as a form of endogenous risk .	O
He pleaded guilty to perjury and prance 's story was later discredited .	I
The antenna was patented in 1921 and named for its inventor Beverage .	O
Interact independently without any action required from you and within the game world , characters would move about .	I
The promotion of self-help programs , but the objective was not charity .	I
Limbu women are famed for their use of gold jewellery and put by them on a daily basis with pride .	O
Comes home with his ideals destroyed , and he loses his leg in combat .	I
He leaves the family and becomes a racketeer .	O
Vice President Wheeler assumes command and body hunts turn up no results .	I
A No and 1 studio albums .	I
It was finalised in 2006 and they filed for divorce in 2004 .	I
He met Irish model , Vogue Williams , in 2011 , and the couple later married in 2012 in Florence , Italy .	O
Also saved the side 's Scottish Championship status on the final day and as manager he the club to success in the 2014-15 Scottish Challenge Cup .	I
It joined FIFA in 1946 and co-founded CONCACAF in 1961 .	O
The Vice-President is John Rees and the President is Ahmed Ben Bella .	I
Sits in the President 's advisory Council of State , and he is currently one of the vice-presidents of Parliament .	I
I bought him from my old club West Ham and he got a lot of stick at first ...	O
He made a comeback in the Portsmouth reserve side in February 2004 and returned to the first team in an away game at Liverpool .	O
They have a son and todorov is married to Severina .	I
Not for long , but watson continued preaching .	I
Hit the post with an excellent free-kick , and merson nearly equalised the opening Dutch goal .	I
This report turned out to be false , and the story was retracted the following day .	O
Designed for a crew of three observers but the post was also an underground protected bunker .	I
The city is situated above sea level and is the highest city in Brazil .	O
Listed as one of the most funded Kickstarter campaigns , and " Elite : Dangerous " achieved its funding goal .	I
Its basin covers , and it is long .	I
Ong notes that human communication has been dominated by oral culture , and the first signs of literacy date only 6 000 years ago .	O
A climb rate of nearly 3,300 feet per minute and it has a roll rate of 420 ° per second .	I
Weiser entered New College of Florida in 1970 , but did not remain at that institution to graduate .	O
Eventually became a member of X-Force , and she attended school at the X-Mansion .	I
He eventually calms her down , but x-23 attacks Wolverine on sight .	I
Daken berates her for coming to Madripoor and remarks that they are nothing alike .	O
Daken learns about Laura 's past from Colcord and assists in her escape from her cell .	O
Mutant 2099 suggests reforming the Avengers or the " Fantastic Nine " .	O
Then the Lower Permian Artinksian Stage argillaceous sediments , and next comes the Middle Carboniferous Bashkirian Stage limestones .	I
Her son Lloyd Osbourne sailed on the " Janet Nicoll " , and robert Louis Stevenson , his wife Fanny Van de Grift Stevenson .	I
Was distributed by many different groups and propaganda took many forms within each country .	I
This was a major strain on the Russian population , but also served as a direct threat to military expenditure .	O
Uniporter channels open in response to a stimulus and allow the free flow of specific molecules .	O
The album received positive reviews but sold relatively few copies .	O
There is no conflict and the two have since spoken .	I
Upon binding of both the molecule which is to be transported uphill and the molecule to be transported downhill a conformational change will occur .	O
This result marked Pinto 's dismissal and the arrival of Alexandre Guimarães .	O
The state of Oregon objected to the lower voting age , and filed suit on the grounds that the act was unconstitutional .	O
Clapboard siding , sitting on a rubble foundation or it is a wood frame structure covered with board-and-batten .	I
28 employees and 18 volunteers	O
From the parking lot northeast of the Lake Harriet bandshell , and trailheads are accessible through the back of the Peace Garden .	I
The administrative center of Mogoytuysky District in Zabaykalsky Krai , Russia ) and mogoytuy ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement .	I
Olovyannaya ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement ) and the administrative center of Olovyanninsky District in Zabaykalsky Krai , Russia .	O
Priargunsk ( ) is an urban locality ( an urban-type settlement ) and the administrative center of Priargunsky District in Zabaykalsky Krai , Russia .	O
" List of Ambassadors and High Commissioners to Malaysia	O
He was the owner of a substantial brewery in Johnson Street , Liverpool and was elected Mayor of the Borough of Liverpool for 1850 – 51 .	O
He began playing classical piano at age six and composed his first song at age 13 .	O
No earrings were found but the woman had pierced ears .	I
He replaced Jacques Charles Bochart , sieur de Champigny , and was succeeded by André Martin , Sieur de Pointesable .	O
Geologist at the of Chicago and susan M. Kidwell is an American paleontologist University .	I
Won a New York Festivals Silver Medal in 2014 and she has received numerous nominations for the Asian Television Awards .	I
Meanwhile , Vinodhan is attacked in a bomb blast by some anonymous men and gets admitted in the hospital , which leads him into a coma .	O
The next four fastest boats in each heat , plus the fastest remaining boat advanced to the semifinal .	O
Is located in Clallam County of Washington state and rocky Peak is a summit in the Olympic Mountains .	I
The main gate was in the northwest , and was accessed by a polygonal stone ramp .	O
Then high school in Zurich from 1915 to 1921 , and schawinsky attended school in Basel from 1910 to 1914 .	I
Died in 1918 and collins contracted the flu .	I
Is a graduate of University of Wichita and orebaugh is a native of Wichita , Kansas .	I
The outriggers were spread to form a Y and once in firing position , the wheels were raised .	I
The two characters have the same abilities and do not differ in any way .	O
All foreshore land associated with Mulholland 's Farm , and it includes the jetty , boatshed , well .	I
Arrived at The Downs on 10 September , and she left St Helena on 11 July .	I
She reached Penang on 4 Sep Penang and arrived at Whampoa on 30 October .	O
Large sections of the city were physically destroyed and most prominent residents emigrated to North Africa .	O
To provide an advance warning of any relieving force and ansaldo took one galley up the river Andarax to scout .	I
Then made it appear like Gregory was the author of them and the monk allegedly had written works in Greek that contained various falsehoods .	I
Dalit rights activist in Nagpur and surendra Gadling is a human rights lawyer based .	I
" China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission	O
Paula takes medication , and the girl disappears .	O
She is visibly distraught and her date with Jean arrives .	I
In 1856 civil war broke out and however , the people turned against Ansumana .	I
Jake is despondent at the loss of his home , but BMO sings to him in order to calm him .	O
Curran later left the DLP and joined the Labour Party .	O
Forms a partial hood over the column and the dorsal sepal is long , about wide .	I
Identified the attackers , and the man survived .	I
Originally recorded by the Strangeloves in 1965 and " Night Time " is a song written .	I
He died on 15 Pctpber 1871 and is buried at Kastrup Cemetery .	O
The Llama was the successor to the Mule and was based on the rear-engined Hillman Imp .	O
He led a major divestment effort from fossil fuels and promoted sustainable construction on the college 's campus .	O
De Wolfe was living in a lesbian relationship with Elisabeth Marbury , and the marriage allowed her to use the title " Lady " .	O
Since 1965 , he has lived and work in Berlin , Germany .	O
I will be relieved of all difficulties in few days ; but you all have to undertake a long , difficult journey .	O
Agreed the following demands and the British authorities finally relented :	I
Features Vile driving around Philadelphia , where he was raised , and the music video was released on August 16 , 2018 .	I
Stevenson was also a homemaker and step-mother to three daughters .	O
Clifford C. Campbell and by Kwasi Konadu	I
The fastest remaining boat advanced to the semifinal , plus the next four fastest boats in each heat .	I
When he died in 1839 she moved in from the provinces and took a house at 29 Half Moon Street in London .	O
Muhammadquli betrayed treaties and claimed independence .	O
The masked men took around 100 people hostage and forced them to march through the fields .	O
The latter moved into purpose built accommodation in 1983 and Elisabeth was involved in setting up the service .	O
His brother-in-law a year later , and his sister died in 1653 .	I
His body was desecrated in the streets of Bucharest , and the " Spatharios " was strangled at Curtea Veche .	I
Then Prince Brâncoveanu 's " Sluger " Grigorașcu , and his daughter Marica married " Logothete " Constantin III Cantacuzino , Băleanu .	I
Burghers formed the pool from which city officials could be drawn , and their immediate families formed the social class of the medieval bourgeoisie .	O
He will have to face the pressure of his demanding father and in his way Luna will help Matteo to discover his true passion .	I
Served as its president from 1898 to 1901 and she was a charter member of the Womans club .	I
The second legs on 12 to 14 June 2018 and the first legs were played on 8 to 10 June .	I
The hotel will be called Hotel Ottilia and is expected to open in 2019 .	O
Prepared on the premises and a midday meal is provided .	I
It was renamed Websense in 1999 and went public the following year .	O
The two groups had hunted buffalo together on the plains for many years and Trottier was considered to be a Chief within the Dakota Sioux community .	O
That brought their final record to eight wins and two losses ( 8 – 2 ) .	O
The later chronicler Yahya also mentions the event in " Tarikh-i-Mubarakshahi " , but he confuses it with the Mongol mutiny during Alauddin 's Gujarat campaign .	O
Play a minor role , but tides seem be obvious .	I
The numbers don ’ t add up , but coastal winds usually bring in some nutrients .	I
The Estate was divided up and sold in separate sections .	O
Musk said " we are searching for the right name , but the code name , at least , is BFR . "	O
After the surrender he contracted typhus and died while in Soviet captivity .	O
She is running a raffle and gives him a ticket .	O
Moved by the memory , she cries and confesses that she wanted to disappear .	O
He edited the " American Journal of Theology " and its successor " The Journal of Religion " .	O
Signed for Segunda División B club Coruxo and in July 2016 , he returned to Spain .	I
Shortly after , Paramount Pictures acquired US distribution rights to the film and set the film for a November 9 , 2018 , release .	O
Was succeeded by Calendion and stephen was killed in 479 .	I
The technology can be used with manual gravity flow columns as well as with the automated cell selection device FABian .	O
Participated in research consortia as well and furthermore , the company honors young scientists .	I
Mounted the throne in 1713 and he put Jahandar Shah to death .	I
After appointing deputies in his different charges himself went to Surat , and haidar Kúli chose an officer to act for him as minister .	I
Lockhart received the Silver Star , Legion of Merit , Distinguished Flying Cross and Prisoner of War Medal all after his service in the Vietnam War .	O
Jarrett was born in Sydney , and died in Melbourne , Australia .	O
Particularly the Game Boy Color version of " Mario Golf " . , and the game was influenced by various past golf video game titles	I
Later Speaker of the Virginia House of Burgesses and william Randolph was a Virginia Burgess for Henrico County .	I
Was given a score of 30 out of 40 , and the game was reviewed by " Weekly Famitsu " .	I
John Straley is a poet and author of detective fiction .	O
In these conditions the boyars in exile regrouped and a second confrontation took place that year .	O
A few have earned the title of " Master Modeler and many members are also National Model Railroad Association ( NMRA ) members . "	I
The film was released in Romania in 1970 and ran in the cinemas for several years .	O
Dna tests later ruled him out as a suspect , but karr 's confession to the crime earned widespread attention .	I
Abruptly took my name off it and i could only see what was missing .	I
Plays home games at J. O. Christian Field and the UConn baseball team is coached by Jim Penders .	I
In the early 1980s , before the NCAA kept soccer attendance records and before Morrone Stadium was downsized , the Huskies drew huge crowds .	O
Frederick Porter Hitz ( born 14 October 1939 ) is an author and former Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .	O
They assist in future conflicts and john gives these children less-powerful rings .	I
The food is soiled and the pot of meat shatters .	I
He crawled back into the bedroom and waited for Hector to return .	O
Her leadership of the College provided increased stability for it , as well as increased student enrollment during her 13 years there .	O
Minniecon is a widower and has three children .	O
Was later reinstated and however , Skah appealed .	I
Scored 51 runs with a top score of 21 and in his four recorded appearances , he played 8 innings .	I
Gill later became involved in the timber trade and administered the Pierreville seigneury for François-Xavier Biron .	O
Replaced in 2005 and these automated in 1989 .	I
312 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 70 businesses in this sector .	O
1,031 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 84 businesses in this sector .	O
There are 68 businesses in this sector and 268 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
Were influential in the Papal States and they had close ties with the Papacy .	I
Being planned in 18 Commonwealth , or by 1981 , Professional Centres were established , countries .	I
Yuan Hao was considered generous and ambitious in his youth .	O
Yuan Hao 's forces subsequently collapsed , and Yuan Hao fled with his guards .	O
There are 99 businesses in this sector and 922 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
There are 36 businesses in this sector and 300 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
There are 111 businesses in this sector and 1532 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
There are 9 businesses in this sector and 24 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
Are sometimes separated as " O. virginiana " var , and populations along the Atlantic coast have slightly smaller leaves .	I
959 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 113 businesses in this sector .	O
983 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 93 businesses in this sector .	O
The creative practices of players including intellectual property , and it explored the social aspects of play , powergaming , gender ( implications ) .	I
860 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 57 businesses in this sector .	O
418 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 61 businesses in this sector .	O
He had played for Surrey teams before moving to Hampshire and he is known to have been a Surrey man by birth .	I
Was buried in the Cimetière Notre-Dame-de-Belmont and he died in Quebec City in 1892 .	I
The council was planning to build a new road south from Portree , and needed to purchase a strip of land belonging to landowner Iain Noble .	O
Initially the Tor ships were marketed as DFDS Tor Line , but were subsequently absorbed into DFDS ' passenger division DFDS Seaways .	O
Was awarded a silver medal and pishchalnikova participated in the 2012 Olympics .	I
The main access road is a private road and runs approximately west from the Stuart Highway .	O
Was buried in Avonhead Cemetery and he died in Christchurch in 2005 .	I
Study of the Stylidiaceae family of triggerplants and her main area of expertise is in taxonomy .	I
Lloyd was born in Norwood , Surrey , England and educated at Aske 's Hospital School , London .	O
During the Second World War the garage suffered bomb damage but was not rebuilt until a major renovation in 1955 .	O
A sinople background , bearing a chevron and three clubs , all in gold .	O
Also played as a left midfielder , but he usually played as a left-back .	I
She recorded a single titled " Down ' n Dirty " in 2003 and performed a concert in Colchester in aid of the Army Benevolent Fund .	O
Translates to " Built on a Rock " and the schools motto ' Structa Saxo ' is Latin .	I
He married Brigid Keating and had eight children .	O
The eyes are of medium size and are followed by larger spiracles .	O
Received its current name Bang Len and in 1939 the district was again renamed .	I
A lot of the code was written in C , and then some more was written in C + + .	O
Well as many more scripts , as arabic , Hebrew ) languages .	I
For days to come , and 'tis the watchword now ;	I
Attempted to take hold of the Order 's hospital and the Inquisitor Delci desired to garner greater power in Malta .	I
Boards the plane and shekhar denies his feelings .	I
Gets engaged to Abhi and devastated , Pia goes home .	I
Then was hired by the E. P. Allis Company of Milwaukee and he worked briefly on electrical systems for Chicago ’ s Columbian Exposition .	I
On the barge , Orlov welcomes her back and has Mike killed in front of her .	O
He served as Chief Judge from 1984 to 1989 and assumed senior status on January 1 , 1989 .	O
Were transferred to Spann 's Independent Scouts in August 1863 and after the battalion was disbanded in May 1863 , they petitioned .	I
Was buried in Highgate Cemetery and he died on 1 March 1889 .	I
He became First Assistant Attorney General of Illinois from 1970 to 1972 , and flaum was an Assistant Attorney General of Illinois from 1969 to 1970 .	I
Refuses to allow Hector to come to the party , but lavatte drives a hard bargain with them before leaving .	I
Casts a spell on the lovers , who fall asleep , and there are cries from the house as Mercury comes out .	I
Faced Clelland in the general election , and he won the Republican primary uncontested .	I
He assumed senior status on November 30 , 2010 , and retired from the court on August 19 , 2011 .	O
Can be diagnosed much later in life , but it develops most commonly in young adults .	I
Its malignant potential is uncertain , but it is generally considered benign .	I
It is heavenly to be Fuller , but it is delicious to be full .	I
He was senior vice president and general counsel , S.E .	O
Assumed inactive senior status on July 31 , 2002 , and he assumed senior status on August 1 , 1987 .	I
He is fluent in French as well as native English .	O
Is today a UNESCO World Heritage site and it dates back to the 4th millennium BCE .	I
The police surround the house , and Brad 's fiancée Ingrid arrives .	O
Herzog , however , was impressed with Golder 's project , and told Golder that he wanted to work on the film .	O
Public figure could constitute an action for defamation or any strongly-worded response by a president to another politician .	I
Many of the downstairs rooms are decorated with wall murals , and the interior of the house is elaborately trimmed in wood .	I
Decides to leave and the group becomes confused .	I
Took inactive senior status on February 1 , 2002 , and he assumed senior status on February 28 , 1985 .	I
The album has been completely re-designed and once by Casablanca Kids Inc .	O
Most expensive recalls in history and it was one of the largest .	I
Operates Hydrochem Labs and snyder is a chemist .	I
Even worse , someone had slit his belly open and placed a dead human fetus inside of it .	O
A fire while in harbour at Wellington in 1957 caused extensive damage , but she was able to sail to the UK where she was repaired .	O
She received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Loyola University Chicago in 1966 and a Juris Doctor from Loyola University Chicago School of Law in 1966 .	O
Received her commission on September 30 , 1980 , and she was confirmed on September 29 , 1980 .	I
Amp Intolerance & " New Mexico Holocaust ; Museum	I
Graber then won election to a full six-year term in 1992 , but resigned on April 1 , 1998 , before the term expired .	O
He subsequently received a Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University in 1952 and a Juris Doctor from Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law in 1954 .	O
Received her commission on February 12 , 2002 and granade was confirmed by the Senate on February 4 .	I
The Strellson meets Bianchi White Edition was released " and in 2012 the first Sportswear fragrance " LOADED .	I
Was replaced by Dr. Marcel Braun and in 2014 Reiner Pichler left the company .	I
Won numerous awards and she has performed internationally .	I
A more severe recession hit the United States in 1920 and 1921 , when the global economy fell very sharply .	O
The church was rebuilt in neogothic style and the last reconstruction lasted from 1904 – 1908 .	I
The ongoing events around the world and they paid more attention to social issues .	I
His tombstone is made of white marble and bears the image of a guitar .	O
The Restless and " The Young "	I
Urged his bandmates to come together again and gately had been the most eager to reform .	I
This succeeded only in provoking the public further but the publication also attempted to alter the original headline .	I
Boiler pressure in the two-cylinder rebuilds was raised from to and they were reclassified M ( М in Cyrillic ) .	O
They were numbered from 60 to 89 and became the railroad 's class J .	O
In 1911 , their own workshop took a pair of standard 2-8-0 and combined them into a 2-8-8-0 " Consolidation Mallet " articulated locomotive .	O
A similar configuration was used on some Garratts , but it is referred to as 0-4-0 + 0-4-0 .	O
The car could redistribute fuel to different tanks to adjust handling , and the SRV also had electrically adjusted suspension leveling at the rear .	I
It had an unusually disrupted or ' turbulent ' appearance .	O
Removed from the vessels in 2014 and the 40 mm gun was declared obsolete .	I
On December 26 , 2006 , Parsons was readmitted to the hospital and placed in intensive care because of complications relating to lung cancer .	O
Discontinued the little-used Penns Neck station in 1971 , and penn Central Transportation took over operations in 1968 .	I
She places him on her pony and sends him on his way .	O
Commune in and bayonne is a city France .	I
Tancred took some Jews as prisoners of war and deported them to Apuleia in southern Italy .	O
Rogers majored in international affairs at Princeton University and graduated from Yale Law School in 1951 .	O
Dna was extracted from teeth that were recovered from the site , and it was determined that the remains were about 7,500 years old .	O
Sapru was the only son of Ambika Prasad Sapru and his wife Gaura Sapru ( nee Hukku ) .	O
It is a relative of the smelts and other fish in the order Osmeriformes .	O
Has a BA from Ohio University and walter graduated from St. Charles Preparatory School .	I
Construction began in February 2011 , and preparatory work began in 2006 .	I
The station was evacuated soon after , and the Passenger Assistance Alarm was pressed .	I
Under the Turks the town was of some importance , and a mosque was built by order of Khair-ed-din Barbarossa .	I
Joined Bhagat Singh 's party and he came into contact with revolutionaries .	I
All connecting bus routes require a transfer and can be boarded at curbside stops .	O
Also with the extension , Glen Echo Loop was closed and the Yonge trolley bus route was converted to diesel .	O
" L. plantarum " has significant antioxidant activities and also helps to maintain the intestinal permeability .	O
It helps to create microbe balance and stabilize the digestive enzyme patterns .	O
Christmas Eve 2012 marked the 75th anniversary of Carols by Candlelight and Christmas Eve 2017 marked the 80th anniversary of the event .	O
They are televised in Australia and sometimes in other countries .	O
He married three times and had eight children .	O
Sought shelter in the outlying villages or the people now lived in the ruins .	I
After the Reformation , it was abandoned and in 1702 it was torn down .	O
His parents were merchant Steen Hasselbach ( 1820 – 61 ) and Caroline Margrethe Hasselbach née Hoge ( 1826 – 93 ) .	O
Was awarded the university medal in French and in 1954 she graduated with first class honours .	I
The date of construction of the facility is unknown , but consisted of at least a small church by 1627 .	O
Praised the " Caimacam " as a balanced reformist , and it published political essays critical of other emergent factions .	I
The religious services are attended by both Catholic faithful and tourists attracted by the architecture of the site .	O
The rebels are united in their opposition against the government and have adopted red as unifiying colour of their uprising .	O
Textualist Oblivion or ‘ Liturgical Orality ?	I
Lifestyle magazine that celebrates women of color and " CRWN Magazine " is a natural hair .	I
She entered in the Veteran category ( women 30 + ) and came second , beaten by road racing legend Jeannie Longo .	O
He hoped to show the worth of black women for themselves and as an expression of the value of all African Americans .	O
He was its first secretary and became vice-president in 1831 .	O
Srebrenik is known locally and tanzitno resting place .	O
The Islamic State in Somalia has no media wing of its own and also has not organized a " robust informal media presence " .	O
Poor weather conditions interrupted the repair work , but preparations were undertaken to fix the leak .	I
The Atlantic Ocean is to the north and the Mocooca channel to the south .	O
The Maracanã River estuary is to the east and the Marapanim River estuary to the west .	O
New Guinea and the Maluku Islands .	I
Nearby Dual Toli while neighboring non-Muslim villages were unharmed and hrw also accessed images detailing complete destruction of Tula Toli .	I
Flowering occurs from late August to early November and there are more flowers after summer fires .	O
The tour began on June 2 , 2017 in Minneapolis and is set to end on November 4 , 2018 .	O
" , reached the Supreme Court of the Philippines in 1937 and became a legal precedent used by lawyers in the Philippines .	O
The mines are the highest tin and bismuth mines in the world .	O
Her seven non-Christian cellmates had become converted to Christianity and during her 67-day detention , she composed 14 additional hymns .	I
The video was released on his Youtube account and was immediately picked up by various media portals	O
Tracks 31 to 38 are furthest west , and are equipped with pits between the rails .	O
14 trains of 1938 Stock had been withdrawn for scrapping , and by 3 October 1983 , 15 trains had been transferred .	I
Dispatched 84 slicers and in 1899 he sold .	I
His Tudor home incorporates architectural elements and work by many capital artists .	O
Gained some education in Ohio and after emancipation , Ramsey went north .	I
Video footage of this concert survived , and is still available to the public .	O
A clear point is declared after it , and unclear point is declared before dealing cards .	I
She was subsequently raised and scrapped in 1950 .	O
Sealed bark 4 to 8 m in height and " Hexachlamys edulis " is a densely branched tree with dark , reaching .	I
Would later graduate with a degree of Bachelor of Commerce and in 1930 , Margaret began studying at the University of Tasmania .	I
Second season of the Women 's Big Bash League Twenty20 competition and she also played for the Perth Scorchers in both the first season .	I
The club was founded in 1970 and joined the Beitar sport association .	O
Vice-chancellor of the University of Cambridge in to ; and jerome Beale was Master of Pembroke from 1619 to 1630 1622 1623 .	I
Was also featured on Coca-Cola advert campaigns and it peaked on number 6 in the UK .	I
Became a noted scholar of Qing dynasty works and he later turned his attention to far eastern ceramics .	I
The Angiopoietin-like proteins are proteins structurally like the angiopoietins but which do not bind to the angiopoietin receptors .	O
• Education and Child Development	O
Died in 1998 and mica survived her husband .	I
Neves was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1979 , and her marriage to Kelly was dissolved in 1985 .	O
Halkbank ( 51,11 % ) also over to the fund ) and one day later Treasury stakes of Turkish Airlines ( 49,12 % handed .	I
Are contested by the four clubs finishing below the automatic promotion places and they take place for each division following the conclusion of the regular season .	I
Caragiale intended to turn it into a private domain , and reportedly flew an ensign he had created for himself .	O
The Congregation had paid A $ 37.3 million in compensation , and child abuse complaints had been made against 281 Christian Brothers .	I
It is valued for the ease of handling and resilience the lead confers to oil paints .	O
Was named the 2014 American Legion Graduate of the Year and during his high school career , he played American Legion Baseball .	I
The most used is currently the yeast two-hybrid system , but peptide aptamer selection can be made using different systems .	I
Remain inexpensive to collectors and some were issued in large numbers today .	I
Small size Federal Reserve Bank Notes were discontinued in 1934 and have been no longer available from banks since 1945 .	O
Fay pushes a still unconscious Wo out of the way and orders the doctor to tend to his wound first .	O
This literally translates to " 100 years " , and means " may we live 100 years " .	O
The first was against Spurs on 21 August 1988 and the second against Chelsea on 11 November 1995 .	O
May in fact have composed some of the incidental music , and he is documented to have arranged some of the music .	I
Other significant peaks include New Campbell Hill ( ) and Stein Hill ( ) , which overlooks Burra .	O
Parallels Dooley Wilson 's Sam in " Casablanca , and carmichael 's Cricket was not in the Hemingway book " .	I
Two-face 's Harvey Dent persona takes on this role , and ultimately convinces Two-Face to allow everyone to go free .	O
Absorbed other peoples whom they met and during this migration , the Bata fought .	I
Other smaller ones and adama took these settlements .	I
The third at Whixall , where the remains would have quickly decomposed and all three were re-buried in local churchyards , the first two at Whitchurch .	I
Ceased trading on 12 December 1864 , and the new company did not last .	I
The university became bilingual , and this right was won .	I
The emperor granted royal assent on 28 February 1882 , and the Cisleithanian Imperial Council prepared an act of parliament .	I
Konrad Henlein met with Hitler in Berlin on 28 March 1938 and was instructed to raise demands unacceptable to the Czechoslovak government .	O
In late 2008 he left Five AM and started a new label called Garuda .	O
Wins the competition and wong ultimately defeats Chiu .	I
He was the Vice-President of the World Heritage Committee from 1995 to 1996 and a member of the Executive Board of UNESCO from 1991 until 1995 .	O
He named a nearby glen after his daughter Nellie and it is still known as Nellies Glen today .	O
Avery insisted that it should remain , but he instructed Avery to cut it .	I
In actual dynamometer testing , it produced and of torque in purely stock form .	O
In 1949 the football federations came together and requested FIFA to launch the competition .	O
Received 3 , 2 and 1 points respectively .	O
He arranged for the defunct pop group Boney M. to reform and had all their old tracks remixed by Stock Aitken Waterman .	O
He was born in Wavertree and grew up in Huyton .	O
The original Tea house burnt down in 1917 and was immediately reconstructed to the same specifications .	O
Jackson spent most of his tour on garrison duty and helped guard a supply train during the engagement .	O
During his lifetime produced many paintings of the American west , and jackson was a prodigy as a painter in his youth .	I
William Henry Jackson also attended the 75th anniversary commemoration and the 1938 Gettysburg reunion , in July 1938 .	O
Many Sikhs still do it up to this day and this was done during the time of Guru Arjan Dev .	I
The 31st FW began inactivation proceedings and the squadrons were assigned to other wings .	I
They are easily re-tooled for various operations and can be operated by one person .	O
Backed down in the face of mass protests , but communist leaders threatened to crack down on Sąjūdis .	I
Abler examined another sort of prehistoric predator , " Dimetrodon " , and found that it also lacked adaptations for guarding against crack propagation .	O
Put it back into the lineup of flavors in 2014 , but in 2009 , Nestlé stopped making lemon ( yellow ) .	I
The anti-lock brakes were then turned back on and a similar cone course was navigated easily .	O
Rodgers has received four Pro Bowl invitations and has won the MVP award twice .	O
The marketing ploy was a success and the album charted at No .	O
" Thunderbox " was released in 1974 , and " Street Rats " a year later .	O
A fan of Johnny Cash and sheppard is an avid golf player .	I
Was given the role of SG-1 regular , Cameron Mitchell instead " and after " Farscape " ended , Browder joined " Stargate SG-1 .	I
The piece was commissioned in 2012 and took six months to complete .	O
The venue hosted UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 and it hosted UFC 223 on April 7 , 2018 .	O
She very nearly didn 't survive and they later tried to assimilate her body .	I
Was reported to be in critical condition and he was treated in the intensive care unit .	I
Served 8 years in prison before being released in 1972 and katsushi Murata was later found guilty of manslaughter in October 1964 .	I
Bejan showed an early talent in drawing , and his parents enrolled him in art school .	O
These were not military posts , but rather small storehouses for furs .	O
As John Carver in the video game " Dead Space 3 " " and he also had voice roles as Alejandro Borges in the film " .	I
Returned safely to Chōshi , Chiba in 1944 , but he was reported as missing-in-action for a period .	I
So it let go of the joystick and controlled the game purely through thought .	O
Moses was born in New York City but grew up in Evanston , Illinois .	O
Was buried at the same church on 3 April 1596 and when Smith was 16 years old his father George Smith died .	I
Became a strong candidate for the MotoGP Championship and he won his second MotoGP race at Donington Park .	I
Recovered his fitness in the following rounds , but he placed 11th in the first round .	I
Pedrosa remained with Repsol Honda into the season , again partnering Márquez and started the season positively , by recording four consecutive podium finishes .	O
Enforce a variety of different rules and these organizations operate at the community level .	I
With milk or ( " Cyanide ... pure ? " )	I
Vario introduced Hill to the Lucchese family and took a personal interest in him .	O
Received negative reviews but the book sold well .	I
So the guildhall was also used as a courtroom and windsor had the right to hold Quarter Sessions until 1971 .	I
The local folks have come to the mainstream of the Indian society and however , over a period of time , demographic composition has gradually changed .	I
Continuing their sponsorship from OLYMPUS to hold OLYMPUS Champions Spring 2013 and eventually switching to Hot6ix to hold Hot6ix Champions Summer 2013 .	O
Began to rally against the new Turkish armies sent from Constantinople and christians in the Balkans became very hostile to their Muslim convert neighbors .	I
Margaret fell ill on the voyage to Scotland and died in Orkney on 26 September 1290 .	O
Found Comyn there and bruce arrived in Dumfries .	I
Rather than excommunicate Bruce , Wishart absolved him and urged people to rise in his support .	O
Today is missing its cap , and it ceased working in 1944 .	I
They were brought in front of the king , and he ordered the Santror to repair the damage .	O
From West Virginia University in 1949 and from West Virginia Wesleyan College .	O
Some states tax many services , and most states tax some services .	I
Non-motorized vehicles do not qualify for the TAVT system and are therefore subject to annual ad valorem tax .	O
She has written eleven books for children , and made seven albums of songs for children .	O
Was followed by other community buildings , and a school was opened in 1927 .	I
It established its ExpressPadala Center in Ermita , and pioneered the remittance business in the country .	O
By 1870 , route kilometerage was 2,388 and by 1868 , route kilometerage was 888 km .	I
Heiberg was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1995 , and later became a founding member of the National Academy of Construction .	O
Karakara is a town and commune in Niger .	O
He was chair of the Selkirk Board of Management , and a director of the Young Men 's Christian Association .	O
Lavello was an important Byzantine center and a bishopric seat from 1025 .	O
Ally " as Dixon & also she was in " Austin Damonica .	I
The film received a good reception and has gained a cult following .	O
I can do without him but for me the play needs him .	I
Then collapses , falling down the stairs and in the stairwell he looks at the card .	I
It has a total area of 4,180.8 square kilometres , and is the smallest of the administrative divisions of Sarawak .	O
Threaten to sue the Violence Policy Center " and the NRA called the study " ludicrous .	I
Horses in the 1800s and utes left images of firearms .	I
It finished ninth in its class and overall , completing 628 laps .	O
Worse in four of the next eight races or he struggled after the season opener , finishing 30th .	I
Usually starts to run in an attempt to get the child off and once the child is seated atop the sheep , the sheep is released .	I
In 2007 , schools started to play and in 2008 , had more divisions .	O
In 2002 Wigan Warriors beat St. Helens 21 – 12 , and in 2000 Bradford Bulls defeated Leeds Rhinos 24 – 18 .	I
Particularly in the south where its popularity surpassed that of association football , and rugby football was an increasingly popular sport for Wales in the 1890s .	I
As with rugby union , rugby league was introduced by the English and the heartland of the game is in the south of France .	O
It is covered by regional outlets in the south , but the game struggles for attention in the national media .	I
Gaining respect as a nation on the rise but greece also played Fiji in Sydney in 2009 losing .	I
In 2007 they beat the main Serbian national team 16-14 and went on to defeat a Serbia Development XIII 50-0 .	O
He found Washington to be in " particularly creative form " and called James ' arrangements " colorful if somewhat commercial " .	O
The result is a new National Club Championship as well as several international tours next year .	O
The senior league shrank to just four teams , and the universities all switched to football by 1955 .	I
This hue shift is physiological rather than physical in nature .	O
They can also be used to cut dovetail joints and are a common tool for thicker intarsia projects .	O
Leonard Kellogg , one of Grego 's staff , kills a Fuzzy and provokes a court case to decide whether the Fuzzies are sapient .	O
Painted mainly and since his childhood he drew , landscapes .	I
A 900 seat theatre , built in 1929 , and the next had bathing cubicles , a tearoom .	I
Its administrative headquarters are in the city of Garhwa , and garhwa district is a part of the Palamu division .	I
The headquarters of the district and dhanbad Municipality is the chief town .	I
May exceed 40 by some counts , but the number of species is uncertain .	I
Illogic began his career in freestyle battles and became the Columbus champion in 1997 .	O
The third SEEMF was in Tirana in November 2009 , and the event was opened by the Albanian President Topi .	O
Infuriated , Mikulik went back to argue with the umpiring crew and even removed third base before giving it to a fan .	O
750 producers farm 2,750 oyster tables and take some 13,000 tonnes annually .	O
The man walks in on her and they look at each other .	O
Was taken to the Emergency Section of the Hospital , and he was found lying in a pool of blood .	I
5,600 votes were cast ; and turnout was 65 % .	I
Came from overseas representing over 18 countries , Tanzania inclusive and in 2006 a total of 1526 exhibitors exhibited at the fair .	I
Well as automobile-oriented commercial uses as they are mostly community-scale commercial uses .	I
Has refused to pay it but he was fined by the Bulldogs .	I
Continue to the present day , and memorial services began in 1895 .	I
Rather exist to represent those that died , but these headstones do not mark individual graves .	I
This can be seen in the multiple streets that converge around it as well as in its prominent placement in relation to the park .	O
He was re-elected to the two succeeding Congresses , but was not a candidate for re-nomination in 1956 .	O
Cadden spent much of her early life on this farm , and continued to live there until she was 33 years old .	O
Despite denying the charges , she was convicted of procuring an abortion and was sentenced to penal servitude in Mountjoy Prison for five years .	O
Women 's hockey is a member of the Northern Collegiate Hockey Association , and the men 's volleyball team competes in the Midwest Collegiate Volleyball League .	O
On the other is a nylon-string and on one side is a steel string-guitar .	I
Has dark humor and the work is anti-war .	I
He was able to defeat Snowbarger by four points , and some of the district 's moderate Republicans backed Moore .	I
They head to the east-northeast and curve to the northeast .	O
Pass the Macon Coliseum and they travel to the northeast .	I
Temporarily leave the monument boundary and the highways curve to the southeast .	I
Curve to the northeast and the cross over Reedy Creek .	I
Then to the southeast and they curve to the east-northeast .	I
Re-enter Augusta and they leave Blythe .	I
Will continue to broadcast for the BBC as an external contributor , and she took up her new post at the college in July .	I
All Delegates - just over 200 in total at the present time plus the annual convention consists of the sixteen members of the Board of Directors .	I
They were notable for being allies to the polytheist Meccans and warring with the Muslims during Islam 's early days .	O
2013 " " based on the by Rick Riordan " and he was also a producer for the 2010 film adaptation " , novels .	I
Published in 1848 , it was the Smithsonian Institution 's first publication and the first volume in its " Contributions to Knowledge " series .	O
She sank up to her portholes , and the explosion killed ten crew members .	I
Rommel dela Cruz then joined the group as bassist , and by 1999 , drummer Wendell Garcia joined replacing Benitez .	O
Develop into sporozoites in the salivary glands and the gametes are fertilized in the tick gut .	I
Owned four of his eight Queen 's Plate winners , and harry Giddings Jr. maintained a stud farm near Oakville .	I
Phelps spent 4 years at Canterbury but mainly played in reserve grade .	O
Scoring a single try and despite only playing 11 games .	I
Bmg will help with back office operations and provide Rise a more international reach .	O
In 2006 they were signed to OMG Records and recorded a promotional EP for Coca-Cola Dasani .	O
Provide a half-way station for those getting out of prison , and it would also provide a lower cost alternative to jail .	I
Because the dates of these kilns range throughout the entire Goryeo Dynasty and the Daegumyeon kiln site is unusual because of the high concentration of kilns .	I
A member of the Hasty Pudding Club and he was a treasurer of the Harvard Lampoon .	I
They now had a monopoly on the Costa Rican banana import business and controlled 80 % of the entire business in the United States .	O
The profits in 1899 were 1.6 million , and were up to 6.2 million by 1907 .	O
Wants them to be his girlfriends and he likes to flirt with beautiful girls .	I
The next morning they wake up and realize that Ajay is missing .	O
General Robert Monro captured Edinburgh Castle with a thousand men , and commanding the Covenanters Alexander Leslie , 1st Earl of Leven .	I
Wasn 't mentioned much after 1971 , but vivian stayed around for a while .	I
Pa attacks M and captures him .	O
" Necrolemur " was long and probably resembled a tarsier .	O
Became a chapelry of Breage in the 13th century , but it was probably originally a manorial church of Winnianton .	I
Is built on the site of an earlier Norman church and the parish church in Germoe is mostly of the 14th century .	I
" Hanka " , slipped away and hid in a nearby building .	O
This romantic comedy ... has the romance angle covered , but comes up short when it comes to the jokes .	O
Ejup Ganić is married and has two children .	O
They get to their destination and Mohinder lets him out .	O
Appears in the Tabula Peutingeriana and the town is mentioned by Frontinus .	I
In 1938 she finished 5th overall , and 3rd on two of the distances .	O
No less than 13 Welsh international captains including Whitcombe and the Club has produced 52 players who have been capped by Wales , George .	I
Made his way on military reputation , and urse came from an undistinguished family .	I
The Cauliflower Alley Club 's Benevolent Fund helped him pay his rent , and several Southern promotions held benefit shows to help pay his medical bills .	I
Each one was ornate and told a story .	O
Finished by his assistant Edmund G. Lind around 1873 and the church was begun about 1854 by Nathan G. Starkweather .	I
Sandstone from New or stonework is a red freestone Brunswick .	I
Brown was married twice and had three children .	O
Its landscapes have been celebrated through various art forms and there is a growing interest in renewable energy .	O
Has commanding views of the surrounding landscape and this Iron Age fort occupies a prominent crag .	I
A Covenanter army under Sir David Leslie arrived on Islay in 1647 , and besieged the royalist garrison at Dunnyvaig , laying waste to the island .	O
Rubble piers were built at several locations on Islay and a new harbour was constructed at Port Askaig .	O
Found their valuation greatly below the independently assessed fair market value and various UK media organisations have undertaken trials of Cash4Gold 's UK service .	I
One is copper and mostly one is steel .	I
Served mostly in the Russian Far East and he graduated from the school of border guards .	I
His skin was grey and tough like wood .	O
There are no true ray flowers , but the disc florets have ray-like lobes .	I
As of 2014 has not been given legal protection , but it meets the criteria for listing to be protected .	I
He also participated in the 1938 Empire Games but was unplaced in the 110-yard backstroke contest .	O
Damaged several other ships and the raid sank three transports .	I
The owner of the brewery enrolled Harper in sake brewing classes and gave him material to study to improve his sake-making knowledge .	O
These waves reach heights much greater than the original obstruction and so can permit gliders to climb to the stratosphere .	O
They had ten children , and he married Frances Barwick :	I
The Laguna Alta map was made available for Squad Rush , and the Nelson Bay map was made available for Squad Deathmatch .	O
The Formosans were entrenched , but had no modern artillery .	O
Chinese casualties were 40 killed and probably many more wounded .	O
Livy indeed calls it a " Colonia Latina " , but we have no account of its having become such .	O
Their Methodism was a badge of distinctive Cornishness and also gave them their trade unionist convictions .	O
Is currently a consulting producer for Fox 's " Family Guy " " and he served as executive producer of Fox 's " Do Not Disturb .	I
To take something ugly like that and make it into a dance ?	O
She joined Bloomberg Television in March 2000 and moved to its headquarters in Tokyo .	O
The revolver itself is generally thought to be well-made , but it targeted a diminishing revolver market for law enforcement .	O
Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon and " Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts	I
A prismatic joint provides a linear sliding movement between two bodies , and is often called a slider , as in the slider-crank linkage .	O
" Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve	O
It has received over 6,000,000 views on Florence + The Machine 's VEVO YouTube channel alone .	O
He was proctor of the university in 1607 , and admitted bachelor of law on 11 October 1623 .	O
He has become the organizational secretary of the Central Communist Youth League , and the meeting decided to form a new core RC Communist Youth League .	I
He faced Democrat Shane Tillotson in the general election and defeated Tillotson with 78.9 % of the vote .	O
Oscar Chambers moved his family to Texas and gave the house to his church .	O
She graduated from Rush – Henrietta Senior High School , and began college at the Pratt Institute in art studies .	O
Josje doesn 't , but karen knows this .	I
The other two do not show any affection , but Jambu decides to bring her along with him .	O
Beg for his help and the three get emotionally disturbed .	I
He later received an economics degree from Harvard University in 1972 and a law degree from the University of Wyoming in 1982 .	O
This saw Kinskey serving the last year and a half of Schiffer 's term .	O
Wins with a huge majority and after 1 month , Ranga releases .	I
Sees the end of Nagabhushanam and at last , Ranga protects them .	I
Supported the Phayap Army 's invasion of the Shan States and the division remained part of the army during the Burma Campaign .	I
Was known as the Western Two-Year Old Produce Stakes and it was inaugurated in 1946 at Eastville Stadium in Bristol .	I
There were 19 teams from Phnom Penh and other provinces divided into six regions .	O
The pontiff approved a miracle attributed to him a month later and beatified him in 1998 during his apostolic visit to Turin .	O
Was appointed High Sheriff of Kent for 1848 – 49 and he inherited a property in Folkestone from his uncle in 1824 .	I
It may run over a series of stages over a few days or a typical 1 / 100 regularity rally may run for a few hours .	I
Most respected playback singers in India and lata Mangeshkar is one of the best-known .	I
He remained an emeritus professor and continued to publish research .	O
Sukh Dev is known to have been involved in researches on terpenoids and have contributed to the structural elucidation of a number of them .	O
He retired after the season and turned to radio commentary .	O
The album followed after the success of ZHU 's collaborative debut EP " Genesis Series " , released in 2015 .	O
Keeps him in his grip and so , Bhanoji Rao traps Suresh .	I
John McGrath scored 3-2 in the match for Tipperary and was named as the man of the match .	O
Sometimes even a soloist and sometimes he was first violin .	I
In 2015 , she received the Turkish citizenship , and was admitted to the Turkey national canoe team .	O
Selvi rejects him initially , but later reciprocates his love .	O
A power substation near and a second tornado destroyed 2 farms Stromsburg .	I
Heavy steel buildings were destroyed and a 30-ton transformer station was carried .	I
Five airplanes were also destroyed , and three trailers , a hangar .	I
He was named on the bench for their semi-final match against the , but wasn 't used in a 25 – 26 defeat in Port Elizabeth .	O
Was opposed to tyranny and he preferred a Constitutional Monarchy .	I
The main features of the original building designed by Puig i Cadafalch and refurbishments are also being conducted on the ground floor to recover the essence .	I
In Vienna in 1873 and exhibited in Paris in 1867 .	I
Attended Sinclair Secondary School in Whitby , Ontario and he played CIS football at the University of Toronto .	I
His father played semi-professional soccer and milton 's mother played college basketball .	I
During the 2016 season , Johnson received silver on the one-meter springboard and qualified for the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest , Hungary .	O
The Soutif family lived in an apartment in Boulevard St Michel , and Soutif 's father was , not incorrectly , suspected of involvement .	O
Football Conference-leading 1,496 rushing yards and garnered CJFL All-Canadian recognition .	O
An application of sand was applied to the wet paint , and then after drying a second coat of paint was affixed .	O
He returned to the WANFL in 1938 for one final year and spent the season with South Fremantle , playing 17 games .	O
The gorge were used as a rafting stream and from the 18th century to the 1960s the river .	I
30 minutes journey from Kolkata International Airport and the college is 34 kilometers from Kolkata city .	I
Burns stood for NUS President as an independent but is a member of the Labour Party .	O
In July 1944 ATC reorganized worldwide and the nine wings became divisions .	O
Was good enough to twice represent the VFL at interstate football and a key position player , Donaghy was known for his marking ability .	I
Caesar Jenkyns retained the captaincy , and alfred Jones continued as secretary-manager .	I
European Russia and ireland East throughEurope .	I
Was one of the best sellers throughout the country , and is considered an authoritative reference on its subject matter .	O
All tracks recorded , produced or mixed at Spirit Studios :	O
During development , the device was codenamed Vivo and little was known about it before release .	O
In his later years , Ferdinand fell severely ill , and he lost the ability to direct his own affairs .	O
Nicholas succeeded him as Ban of Macsó and in 1430 , Nicholas ' brother Stephen died .	I
He was taken prisoner but freed in 1783 .	O
The recommendations are available as open-access documents and distributed in healthcare institutions for free .	O
Aps published recommendations on how to establish CIRS in hospitals , and is partner of the " German Hospital CIRS Network " .	O
It was set in the context of the Ottoman Empire and william Shakespeare 's " Hamlet " was performed in several countries .	I
Disillusioned youth adapted to Bosnian circumstances and it is a play about juvenile violence .	I
Real Madrid is the team with the most tournament titles won , and was the winner of the last ten editions of the tournament .	O
Another unique addition is the four bosses , four huge and unique NPCs in the four corners of the map .	O
Her paddle boxes did not protrude above the promenade deck , and as a result of this her paddle wheels were small .	I
Evolution sold Lighthouse 's contract to Polydor Records , but retained rights to material originally issued on Evolution .	O
Was knocked out in the first round by Mikhail Gurevich , but he took part in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 .	I
He served as Sheriff of London in 1589 and was Lord Mayor of London in 1598 .	O
The new tower at Riddarholmskyrkan was built in 1841 , and was made of cast iron to better withstand fire .	O
He manages to kill one of them , and the latter commits suicide out of grief .	O
It was fenced in on four sides by balustrades and had four granite stairways leading to four entrances .	O
Many of the other rooms rather small and the great central salon was impossible to heat .	I
Uninhabited for some time the building was shabby and some of the wood panelling actually rotten .	O
Shared the team lead with 11 stolen bases and he also led the Owls with 67 runs scored .	I
He stayed in the game playing left field and had one at bat , striking out .	O
None saw service , but thirty-four were completed .	I
This hodge-podge of designs was far from ideal , and there were ongoing efforts to improve the Centurion .	O
Won the remaining 49 seats and the Sweden Democrats doubled their support .	I
Sold to investment group Delancey in December 2007 and the group was acquired by Sovereign Capital in 2002 .	I
Was called to the Bar at Lincoln 's Inn in 1980 and he received his Bachelor of Laws degree from Wolverhampton Polytechnic in 1977 .	I
He retired from active service with the rank of lieutenant colonel , and by November 1947 his disability had taken its toll on Miles .	I
His brother then sold 75 % of the Hill and Range publishing rights to the Warner Chappell company .	O
The king fled the island kingdom after a Majapahit naval invasion in 1398 and founded his new stronghold on the mouth of Bertam river in 1402 .	O
The people eventually starved and the grains were not distributed .	I
The cutter was launched on September 29 , 2006 and she was christened on November 11 , 2006 .	O
Is flanked by Doric columns , and the central entrance is round-arched .	I
Killed , as he was " trying to escape and that night Mangas Coloradas was tortured with heated bayonets , shot . "	I
Carleton did not make the trip abroad himself , but based his report on the observations of Capt .	O
Kalani left the military in 1966 and moved to Monterey , California .	O
No further incidents took place , and blacks settled into the buildings .	O
The novella was the cover story and main feature of both publications .	O
It was changed back to Louis Trichardt , but louis Trichardt was formerly known as Makhado .	I
Their area grew over the years and was shared amongst two chiefs .	O
His father was a prosperous local merchant , and a friend of the poet Thomas Moore .	O
Another was titled " Nose in Your " and one was titled " Blow in Your Nose , Blow . "	I
The style was inspired by Mozart , Tchaikovsky 's role model , and makes it clear that Tchaikovsky admired the Classical style very much .	O
Much of the detail in the solo part is his and was actually written by him into Tchaikovsky 's autograph .	O
Wendy 's sold Tim Hortons in 2006 , but kept ownership of the Bess Eaton trademark .	O
Ben helped Cindy by driving with her to the airport but on the way she accidentally ran over Anna Green .	O
Reverted to being a ‘ lad about town ’ . and ben soon grew tired of Mandy ’ s impetuous behaviour	I
Eventually , Ben dumped Louise and began to date Lisa .	O
Rogers shows a new board game based on the Neighborhood of Make-Believe and gets a visit from Suzie McConnell , an expert basketball player-teacher .	O
East Indians ( Catholics of Marathi descent ) ) and these people were Goan Catholics ( Konkani Catholics .	I
It is a major component of the actin cytoskeleton and is found in most actin cytoskeleton-containing eukaryotic cells .	O
It brought some prosperity to the area , and the FEC built the railroad in 1908 .	I
Other military refugees without livelihoods and this left many of the Souliotes .	I
The central rooms stand higher than the others and they appear to have served public functions .	O
Other sources claimed fraud in several other government positions , as well as the murder of political opponents by incumbents .	O
Skipped many of his music classes and tomasi had dreams of becoming a sailor .	I
The sensibility expresses itself and the mind controls .	O
Complainte du Jeune Indien was composed in 1949 and published the same year by Alphonse Leduc .	O
Ends with rhythmic material in 7 / 8 and a long cadenza connects back to the original theme .	I
Henri Tomasi wrote his own notes on the concerto in 1957 and they are printed on the Tomasi Association of France website .	O
Fathered two illegitimate children , but his son never married .	I
Gambetta , however , arrested him and sent him back to England .	O
" Amazing Stories " was introduced in April 1926 and was the first magazine devoted to science fiction .	O
Fu Chen Sung won the fighting competition in Beijing , and was named head Bāguàzhǎng instructor for all of China .	O
Returned to psychiatric care and he is captured by Spider-Man .	I
He once bested Spider-Man in a physical struggle , but Kraven the Hunter prevented Vermin from killing Spider-Man .	O
Built nearby roads and loftus planted the hill .	I
U. S. Attorney General Homer Stille Cummings gave it his full support , but hoover was not particularly favorable to the notion of such a program .	I
Mohanty was born in 1950 at Pandiri ( Kendrapara and brought up in Baripada , Mayurbhanj , Orissa .	O
He joined the Drama department of the Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya in 1977 and retired as a professor from the institute in the recent years .	O
Never visited the regions that he studied , but he made a few visits to Europe .	I
Here , they cook the food and distribute it to the devotees .	O
The Payyan chant Ukappatippu , and the devotees repeat it .	O
Is now a helicopter rescue pilot and bugno retired following the 1998 road season .	I
Even succeeded in annulling the mandates of some Congressmen of the MDB , and the government reacted by passing legislation restricting the power of the opposition .	I
Not an experienced soldier and taaffe was an English Catholic .	I
The warships need minimal assembly , and these models are pre-coloured models .	I
He served as its last chair under Pius IV and helped the Council to create the Tridentine Creed .	O
The column is extruded by pumping the stationary phase through the column or the flow is stopped after the target compound ( s ) are eluted .	I
Pennsylvania thereby making Utz a national snack food manufacturer overnight , and this acquisition included Zapp 's plants in Louisiana , California .	I
1 ranked Don Bosco , and then the new No .	O
Married her on Christmas Eve in 1898 and he also met Señorita Maria Angeles Lopez Montero .	I
Was named a First Team NHL All-Star the following season and he won the Vezina Trophy as the league 's top goaltender .	I
Increased his win total to 28 , and again he played in 56 games .	I
He wanted to leave the game healthy " and he stated that " it 's time .	I
A country with which he did not have good relations , and he considered the contest was the product of American capitalism .	I
The second runner-up was the Nancy Randall from the United States , and the first runner-up was Claudia Cruz , from the Dominican Republic .	I
Co & ( La Maison John Bull " , 1894 )	I
Have become known as Billionaires ' Row and many of the buildings mentioned border Central Park .	I
Best him or none can catch .	I
The plotters were interrogated , and several were severely flogged .	O
John Turnpenny Altree was surgeon to the convicts , and Arthur Bowes Smyth was surgeon to the crew .	O
Nbc substantially scaled back its coverage and lost heavily in advertising revenue .	O
Is headquartered in Lausanne and european Athletics has 51 members .	I
For example , the women 's marathon was included in the 1982 championships and became an Olympic distance for female athletes at the 1984 Summer Olympics .	O
A car park adjacent to platform 2 , and it has bicycle racks on both platforms .	I
Only priests was permitted to touch the body , and this kind of death was viewed as venerated .	I
During the procession the priest burned incense and poured milk before the dead body .	O
He went to Belgrade to work and joined the workers ' movement .	O
By 1937 Velebit had enough of being a judge , and moved to Zagreb where he established a law practice .	O
Was proclaimed a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia , and he held high positions in the postwar government .	I
This is when Tempo was reportedly informed about Luka 's capture and asked to decide on what should happen to his brother .	O
Employees are prohibited from giving interviews , and Glassman does not speak to reporters .	O
He was granted a passport by Yugoslav authorities in 1959 and was allowed to leave the country with his family .	O
She died shortly after 12 August 1389 and was buried next to Walter Stewart .	O
Attended Yamashiro High School and he grew up in Kyoto .	I
Was elected Best Eleven 14 times and he became a top scorer 7 times .	I
He played all matches and scored 1 goal .	O
He played all matches and scored 7 goals .	O
Most members did not have any standardized uniform and were only distinguished by armband with swastika .	O
Didn 't reach the intensity of 21 – 22 September , but the number of assaults became higher than in previous days .	I
Was featured on their 1979 album " Only the Wild Survive " and ierace went on the road with the group for about the next year .	I
Some states divested themselves of title to the land below navigable rivers , but a federal navigable servitude remains if the river is a navigable waterway .	O
Was succeeded by Brig , and he retired in 2007 .	I
This may be enough to make a measurement incorrect , and half-ball gauges tend to spring just a little bit .	I
As of 2006 , it vanished from Toon Disney all together and hasn 't been put into reruns in America since then .	O
These animals live in forested areas and two species live in trees .	O
Gained some fame as a newspaper cartoonist and his son Gustave emigrated to the United States .	I
Gotarzes II was succeeded briefly by his uncle Vonones II and then by the latter 's son , Vologases I .	O
Older Philo releases were reprinted as Aladdin , and the numbering of the releases was continued .	I
Marry in 2004 and they eventually settle down .	I
Yolande 's vulnerable , but she 's principled .	O
Production began in December 1998 and ended in mid-November 1999 .	O
Was described by media as a " howling success " and after premiering in New Zealand , the film received positive reviews .	I
He was convicted by a majority of ten to one , and given a sentence of life imprisonment on 2 July 2001 .	O
Not an appeals court but orthez has a judicial court .	I
Of First Amendment law at Georgetown University Law Center and langley was an adjunct professor of journalism at Columbia University .	I
This list is all games which scored the perfect five , and thus do not fit in well with the above list .	O
Several hours later , in the night , they emerged from hiding and moved eastward towards the Hungarian-Austrian border where they met Soviet forces .	O
By contrast , North Korea has and is developing additional nuclear weapons .	O
Tichy began playing drums at age eight and started playing guitar at age 12 .	O
Is featured on their debut album for Me " and " Romantic Type " is the second single from The Pigeon Detectives " Wait .	I
Now there are more than 70 , and at first there were two schools .	I
The land was annexed in 1910 , and Spruce Cliff was established in 1950 .	O
Public relations creates positivity around the brand , as well as media influence over prospective customers .	O
Well as media influence over prospective customers , as public relations creates positivity around the brand .	I
Wants of consumers through the feedback they receive and a company is able to better meet the desires .	I
After this album , The Quireboys would split up and didn 't release another studio album until 2001 .	O
Was survived by several sisters , but he left no male heirs .	I
Relocated to its present location in 1986 and the school was renamed Springfield Catholic in 1974 .	I
The school was originally built in the 1930s and many additions were made throughout the years .	O
A slow medium bowler and he was a right-handed batsman .	I
Opened to students on October 3 , 1955 and the current high school was first built in 1954 .	I
He had the boyar social status and he was a cultured person .	O
Was one of the ministries of the Midwest District of the Brothers , and the school was also associated with the De La Salle Christian Brothers .	I
A committee or an executive officer .	I
Named the new airline Saicus Air and the group continued on the cargo business .	I
Against Ergotelis F.C and on 4 February 2007 .	I
He returned the title to challenge WBC featherweight champion Vicente Saldivar , and won the title when Saldivar gave up after the twelfth round .	O
Freshpet foods are packed fresh and must be served accordingly .	O
Also partly in nearby New York City , and the story is set on Fire Island .	I
Is very strong even when thin and washi is made with renewable long-fibered crops .	I
Bishop Charles Todd Quintard of Tennessee was an ardent supporter of Racine and its brilliant Rector , the Reverend James DeKoven ( 1831-1879 ) .	O
Became a fine scholar and gailor was well prepared indeed .	I
When the school opened , it served 7 – 10 grades and added one year each year for the next two years .	O
18 % of students have limited English proficiency , and 13 % of students qualify for special education .	O
They were extensively tested and handled very well .	O
Of the Missouri State High School Activities Association and duchesne is a member of the Archdiocesan Athletic Association .	I
Bubbles ' sister lived in Edmondson Village in The Wire , and Bubbles lived in her basement for a period of time .	O
" Steady " called at Shanghai on 22 December and then began her long voyage home for inactivation .	O
Served that government as " Ping Jing " ( PCE-70 ) , and " Steady " was sold to Taiwan on 15 August 1967 .	I
George R. Metlen was the first chief engineer and the only paid member of the commission .	O
" Whispering Jack " restarted Farnham 's career and kept it rolling across two more decades .	O
None charted into the Top 50 but three other solo singles followed in 1981 .	I
Left the following post on his personal Facebook account and in 2012 Rob announced that he had retired from music :	I
Several Squadrons were based at Westonzoyland , but the longest stay was by No .	O
Also did some newsflashes for Finnish language sports news " Urheiluruutu " , but in the 1980s Wallenius worked mainly in the Swedish language sports staff .	I
His mother soon finds the money missing and asks Buddy where the money is .	O
Check out What s Now on and this lets users be aware of the TV shows ’ TV .	I
The water that was sometimes contaminated and also , the food was not good .	I
Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus is an alkaliphilic and obligately autotrophic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria .	O
Langås was born in Bærum , but did not grow up there .	O
Shortly after , Streamsound Records closed and Bradley became an independent artist .	O
Alejandro Giacomán is a composer and recording engineer from Mexico .	O
February 20 , which marked the conclusion of the season , and it was followed by a two-part reunion that aired on February 13 , 2011 .	I
April 22 , 2012 , which marked the conclusion of the season , and it was followed by a three-part reunion April 15 , April 19 .	I
Her parents were rigid , but affectionate in her upbringing .	O
In 1996 , Chizevsky-Nicholls would win the Ms. International and dethroned the Ms. International champion , Laura Creavalle .	O
It is acidophilic and obligately aerobic .	O
She sets the keycard down , and picks up a watering can .	O
Opens it up , revealing multicolored cans and afterwards , she heads over to a cabinet .	I
Makes her way to the window and she sets it down on the table .	I
The end of the NCAA Tournament and the Coaches Poll does a post-season poll .	I
He spent his childhood there and attended Washington High School .	O
Temperatures also decrease with altitude , and may drop as low as .	O
Over the following years , he became famous in flying circles , and was considered one of the most skilled pilots in the country .	O
He was formally cautioned by the Royal Aero Club , and the accident was ruled entirely due to pilot error .	I
When it did so , she served on the committee , and then from 1935 on the General Council of the TUC .	O
It has a width of about 4.5 kilometers , and is located at the southeastern side of Forlandsundet .	O
Kept for himself their montly salaries received from Italians and pačariz often reported bigger number of militiamen under his command .	I
This formation was sometimes thereafter called the " Kampfgruppe Krempler " or more derisively the " " Muselmanengruppe von Krempler " " .	O
This letter changes her life and sepideh writes a letter to Anoosheh .	I
They later disagreed over the treatment of a patient , but it was clear there was an attraction between them .	O
When Eddi found Max high on drugs , he managed to dupe her and then get her into trouble with Henrik Hanssen ( Guy Henry ) .	O
Mayne Reid immigrated to America in 1839 and become a provisions clerk in Louisiana .	O
The lower part is a Rosgen type F to D stream and the middle part of the stretch is a Rosgen type B stream .	I
The highest elevation in the watershed is above sea level and the highlands northwest of the Hammersley Fork watershed range from to .	I
Made gains against a weakened enemy , but this failed to reach its goals .	I
Linked up with troops of 64th Army and on the 31st the 284th captured the square .	I
This required a new alignment and necessitated a new station .	O
The hindwings are grey and the forewings are fuscous brown .	I
Enabled him to write his book and the letters quickly rekindled his Vietnam experience .	I
The full text is available online , but it is currently out of print .	I
Later that year , she auditioned for The Voice of Italy , and won the show with over 70 % of the public vote .	O
Got the better of him and rama accepted Parasurama ’ s challenge .	I
At that time , the tunnel could harbor 120 small naval vessels but it was badly damaged after a severe typhoon hit the area .	O
Park left the team due to internal conflict but gyeongnam finished a surprising fourth in 2007 K League .	I
In 1929 she left Leeds to stay with her husband and returned to Leeds only after his death in 1933 .	O
In 1996 Miss Sri Lanka did not exist but Sri Lanka representatives crowned by another organization .	O
In 2003 the new pageant built as Miss World Sri Lanka pageant and the winner would be representing Sri Lanka at Miss World pageant .	O
Later that season , was promoted to the Mississippi Braves , and jackson began the 2017 season with the Florida Fire Frogs .	I
Went up to the University of Sydney and in March 1902 he passed the Metriculation Examination .	I
Ru-59416 as in animals ) and ru-58841 produces cyanonilutamide ( RU-56279 metabolites .	I
It is now placed within the subfamily Orsillinae but nothing is really known about the insect .	O
9 15 wide and the tunnel is 550 meters long – meters .	I
He contested the 2009 Lok Sabha elections from South Goa seat and was defeated by Francisco Sardinha of the Indian National Congress .	O
Her J.D and from Harvard University .	I
Was sometimes introduced as Eddie Vallejo , and he was also known as Eddie .	I
Were 6 – 45 outside the paint , a season and the Cavaliers shot 4-for-27 from behind the 3-point line for the game worst .	I
Colville received a Bachelor of Arts from Pennsylvania State University in 1989 and his Juris Doctor from Duquesne University School of Law in 1992 .	O
Kendra let out their rage at one another and believing that Gardner has died , a grieving Nathaniel .	I
In other countries the following year on 9 , 1997 , and " Gold " released in North America on November 25 , 1996 , May .	I
After retirement she initially focused on education and later coached skating with her father .	O
This article is about the phonetics and phonology of the Odia language .	O
Also did a teaching job for a couple of years and before shifting to Mumbai , she had actively participated in theatre .	I
Got a break on small screen and after marriage , she came to Mumbai .	I
The roof leaked and the building was drafty .	I
Translates into messages understandable by SCS and the IMP receives the messages from outside .	I
Some of these organizations can accept graduate students as well as undergraduates , per constitutional provisions .	O
Pupils perform in the Carol Service and a School Musical production is held annually .	I
Graduated cum laude in 1984 and he studied astronomy at Leiden University .	I
Was under orders to move to India , but the division was then stationed in Syria .	I
Emigrated to Australia , where he settled in Adelaide , and symes retired from the army on 9 April 1949 .	I
Considered an eccentric and bowers was a recluse .	I
It was built 1959 – 60 , and was Grade II listed in 2015 .	O
In September 1936 Virgin of Montserrat was chosen instead , but initially it was to be named after Saint George .	I
Are now referring to " Our Lady of Montserrat " and streets formerly named after the unit have dropped " Tercio " .	I
Lack vocal sacs but males have nuptial pads .	I
Raised in Tokyo , Japan , and fuji was born in 1951 .	I
J. W. A. Kadirgamar and Grace Nesammmah Hitchcock .	O
He had limited success as a sire of winners and died in 2008 at the age of twenty .	O
Sigman has been labeled as a " pseudoscientist " and accused of " cherry picking scientific literature " .	O
She was also active in the International Red Aid , and later presided over Banja Luka 's women 's organization .	O
Was in the real estate business and sherburne continued to practice law in Minnesota .	I
Siam was now on counterattack , threatening the Tenasserim coast , but not only had all four invasions of Siam gone badly .	I
Serafim returns to her , and Nastya happily greets him .	O
A larger stone Gothic church was completed and dedicated on November 21 , 1909 .	O
O 'Riordan immediately became a regular member of the starting fifteen and has won one National League ( Division 4 ) medal .	O
Attorney for Hennepin County , Minnesota and scott was a Minnesota deputy attorney general .	I
Started her first full-term as Assemblywoman the following January and muoio went on to win in the 2015 general election .	I
Farrona-pulido was born in Germany and is of Spanish descent .	O
In geology in 1979 and then an M.S .	O
It was recorded at the Palau Sant Jordi concert " An Evening with Il Divo : Live in Barcelona " .	O
Also includes two new songs in the quartet 's repertoire but the live album mostly covers material from their prior studio albums .	I
Weevils are destroying them , but nick is farming vegetables .	I
Madison invites her to their community and madison comes across a woman named Naomi .	I
Mel orders Madison to give them all their supplies or they will die from their lack of resources .	O
They fight inside a silo and nick finds Ennis at a farm .	I
Dealt with the trauma privately with his wife 's support , and he hid from her the truth of his past life .	I
Was promoted to the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds in June and he began the 2018 season with the Double-A Springfield Cardinals .	I
Was used as a jail until 1922 , and it measures 12 feet by 20 feet .	I
Séamus Kennedy ( born 26 June 1993 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior teams .	O
Had no experience playing organized basketball and he knew no English at the time .	I
Became the War Service Photography Division of A.W.V.S " and we took the name " War Service Photography .	I
One of the clients , David Sharp , died near the summit and this event became the center of an international climbing ethics controversy .	O
Palmwoods were the only side to score twice against the premiers North Arm and the only team to score against North Arm at their home ground .	O
It all fell apart during the 1976 finals , but the young Beegees team easily won the premiership .	I
Sunshine Coast Football is the third largest football zone in Queensland and football is the highest participation sport on the Sunshine Coast .	O
He made his senior football debut during the 2013 championship .	O
He is considered to be the foremost migraine expert of the Netherlands , as well as one of the six top scientist in the field worldwide .	O
Gained a degree in 1980 and he studied medicine at Leiden University .	I
She was also a maternal cousin of the dramatist Ion Luca Caragiale , and , for a while , the love interest of poet Mihai Eminescu .	O
Kurile Lake ( ) is a caldera and crater lake in Kamchatka , Russia .	O
Was generating an eruption column that deposited ash over southern Kamchatka and at this point , the vent had emerged above the water level .	I
In confirmation , a bishop anoints a person with oil and seals them with the gift of the Holy Spirit .	O
Balaghat range is in the state of Maharashtra but balaghat district is in Madhya Pradesh state of India .	I
The Commission for University Education has made three inspection visits to the institution and their reports have shaped the developments of the university to full-fledged status .	O
Displacement was normal and deep load .	O
They won the English Greyhound Derby with Lone Keel in 1938 and staines owner Jack Walsh was in partnership with fellow bookmaker William Hill .	I
Is associated with sleeping with cats and transmission of Chagas disease has been documented .	I
May not be a symptom or in infected humans , jaundice may .	I
Sentenced in Vienna for a passport infringement and towards the end of 1935 she was arrested .	I
Adžić was called into the Serbia national under-18 football team and played several matches in 2015 under coach Ivan Tomić .	O
The Center did not initially publish a code of conduct , but eventually formalized its expectations of participant behavior in June 2017 .	O
Have not been bred for specifically but polled is a natural trait for Holsteins .	I
The inhabitants were forced to eat the hen and everything went well until severe weather made life difficult .	I
She was based in Yonghe , but remained legally married to Gu .	O
Gupta founded the National Federation of the Blind and became the first president of the organization .	O
The restored home is a bed and breakfast operated as Oaklea Mansion .	O
This law broke up the old Jacupiranga State Park and created the Jacupiranga Mosaic with 14 conservation units .	O
He was a theorist of education , and wrote numerous books on the topic .	O
To devote his time to fund- raising activities and in 1922 Burns decided not to serve another term .	I
Ellison resigned a year later , and was replaced by Joseph Stowe .	O
This law broke up the old Jacupiranga State Park and created the Jacupiranga Mosaic with 14 conservation units .	O
In 1888 , he was appointed head of the state archives in Osnabrück and , in 1897 , returned to Münster as director of the archives .	O
He served as chairman of the Historical Commission for Westphalia and was an honorary professor at the University of Münster .	O
Wrote five books on rehabilitation medicine and he founded the Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation .	I
The record was later expunged and he paid $ 1,000 in fines .	I
John Yule Mackay ( 1860 – 1930 ) was a Scottish Anatomist and Academic who served as the second Principal of University College Dundee .	O
Four years later was awarded an MD and in 1881 he graduated with a MB CM .	I
Swellrt facilitates the development of mobile / web apps , and thus several apps have been built using this technology .	O
Gave them free rein as long as they made margins and grann also taught editors about the financial ramifications of day-to-day decisions .	I
It specifies the order of formation and use of target budgetary funds .	O
Includes most of the city of Denver and the 1st district is located in Central Colorado .	I
Since 1903 he was a head teacher , and mirabella was a teacher for several years .	I
The new 4th district is centered in Montgomery County , but the old 4th district was in South Central Pennsylvania .	I
The new 9th district is in east central Pennsylvania , but the old 9th district was in South Central Pennsylvania .	I
Janesville school board member Cathy Myers and two Democrats announced ; ironworker Randy Bryce .	I
Served in various posts , participating in many battles " and he was given the name " Nguyễn Văn Lập .	I
Many of his plaster casts in the British Museum , and their manuscripts are now primarily in the British Library .	I
Was buried at Greenwood Cemetery in Bristol , Vermont , and he died in Manchester on April 9 , 1935 .	I
Had no children , and they subsequently divorced .	I
Melanson was a freshman in high school , and looking forward to a change of schools .	O
This law broke up the old Jacupiranga State Park and created the Jacupiranga Mosaic with 14 conservation units .	O
Can become malignant over time , but these tumors are usually benign .	I
" Someone on his mother 's side , and following that lineage to shore it up .	O
The church has been demolished , but the associated cemetery still survives .	O
Was named commander of the Republic of China Navy in 1992 and chuang served as the Vice Minister of National Defense under Chen Li-an .	I
The source area is at at an elevation of 940 feet and the confluence is at at an elevation of 545 feet .	O
Has a three-bay central projection and the house is five bays wide .	I
In 2003 he became an Israeli citizen , and he married an Israeli woman , Roni .	I
Until the tiwah is enacted , they in the underworld , and these first two " liau " s remain with the corpse remain .	I
The headwaters of the Maries arise just to the north and west of Dixon in northern Pulaski County ( ) .	O
The Carlist fiercely defended themselves but were forced to retreat .	O
The revelations of French involvement caused a political scandal and the French Minister of Defence Charles Hernu resigned .	O
Takes up 264 Blocks and it costs 1000 Wii Points .	I
The Task Force was chaired by David Lloyd Johnston , and its report was delivered on June 18 , 2001 .	O
They can add a new shoreline to the database or participants can choose from a past list of shoreline sites .	I
He was Minister-President of Mecklenburg ( GDR in 1951 / 52 and the First Secretary of the SED in Schwerin until 1952 .	O
The Dalai Lama had previously referred to the Kalon Tripa as Sikyong , and this usage was cited as the primary justification for the name change .	O
Gómez Damas attempted to reach Arcos de la Frontera , but met Narváez ’ s army at the Majaceite River .	O
Lost in the first round to Jesse Levine , but harrison competed in the prestigious Queen 's Championship .	I
With the domination of the proletariat , the socialization of production cannot help but lead to the means of production to become the property of society .	O
His friends two who live with their sailor uncle , and the series presents the adventures of Zoom , a white dolphin , children .	I
Found the landlord unwilling to maintain the general upkeep required but many tenants of Fry Street have wanted repairs to the buildings .	I
He left Connecticut in 1795 and moved to Erie County .	O
Incumbent J. Russell Capps in the 2006 general election , and he defeated Chris Mintz in the 2006 Democratic primary .	I
" C. novaeguineae " feeds on detritus and small invertebrates , including stony corals .	O
Ross originally come up with the idea for Booksfree in 1999 , and after selling his company was looking at what to do next .	O
The king presided over the assembly , and submitted decrees to it for ratification .	O
The second " España " was never raised , and her wreck was discovered in the early 1980s .	O
Douglas carries on Chaucerian allegory , but concentrates heavily on cultural nationalism .	O
Kamo is to the south , and Hikurangi is to the north .	O
The king presided over the assembly , and submitted decrees to it for ratification .	O
Bickerton remained in Monongahela , Pennsylvania , and never moved to Greencastle with Rigdon .	O
Under the empire , soldiers continued to organize by centuries , but the centuries had long lost all of their political relevance .	O
" Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act	O
The trial had sparked a wave of antisemitism in France , and eventually Dreyfus was found innocent of the charges in 1906 .	O
During those years , the antisemitic attacks from various neo-Nazi groups and the flourishing of antisemitic conspiracy theories continued throughout western Europe .	O
Enhance the school programme on ceremonial occasions and schools bands would also contribute to school spirit .	I
Then serve as governor of Gaul for five years , and caesar was to be elected Consul in 59 BC .	I
Dissatisfied with the recognition that they had received from him , and many of Caesar 's ultimate assassins were envious of him .	I
The grievances that they held against him were vague , and as such , their plan against him was vague .	O
Narrow with rounded ends and the petals are generally white .	I
Technological developments decreased the labor with hemp but not sufficient to eliminate this disadvantage .	O
The HP25 feeds from a staggered 9-round magazine , and the HP22 feeds from a staggered 10-round magazine .	I
Remained with the franchise throughout the competition 's ten-year run , and broughton was appointed head coach of the Invercargill-based Southern Sting .	I
Called it his favourite portable " Castlevania " title and " Game Informer " s Tim Turi praised its gameplay .	I
Is currently managed by Adam Goozh and the firm was founded by Mike Mann .	I
Came to the VFL from West Perth , but he was originally from the Geelong area .	I
Are made up of small closely packed leaflets and the leaves are up to about 10 centimeters long .	I
Keeps making out with his Liu-bot , and unfortunately , Fry ignores the movie .	I
Villebon had been alerted and prepared his defences .	O
Was used as a playground and for years the land stood vacant .	I
Propagation is by seed or division in spring .	O
All rush out , promised victory by Rodrigue and at dawn soldiers run in groups , fanfares sound .	I
He was transferred to the hospital at Butyrki prison to , and his time in Sukhanovka brought him to the brink of death recuperate .	I
Caused $ 130 million ( 2004 USD ) in damage – and the storm killed nine people – eight of them directly .	I
Negotiations failed early the next morning , and 33,000 workers walked off their jobs .	O
By 1275 , the citizens elected two mayors and citizens of the town were first mentioned in 1170 .	I
257 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 39 businesses in this sector .	O
Bast played in the Under-23 national team in 1973 , and in the National second team between 1976 – 77 .	O
A space bounded as follows but it is therefore not a structure :	I
Tobacco is an important cash crop , and maize is grown for brewing beer .	I
Stoichiometric quantities of base ( e.g , and however , toxic phosgene is used .	I
The program is made for adult audience , and was aired during late night time slot .	O
Must stay behind and stu breaks his leg .	I
Was priced at ¥ 129,000 , and it has slightly more styling .	I
Marx 's interpretation of the TRPF was controversial and has been criticized in three main ways .	O
Below their value in where sales are constantly fluctuating and rather , they are constantly being traded at margins above their value , markets .	I
David Clift served as Secretary from 1951-1958 , and was the first Executive Director ( 1958-1972 )	O
These crossovers were planned during development , but were removed from the final product :	O
There are a few different gameplay styles but these repeat themselves throughout the game .	O
She is a breast cancer survivor and had the sickness 2 times .	O
Have LED lights and these are fully marked .	I
White with yellow or the flowers may be yellow centers .	I
Joined the group Gipsy Sound and in 2000 Ortal moved to Spain .	I
Reclamation Act of and " Surface Mining Control 1977	I
Only capable of floating beyond a limited magnetic range , but also in 2010 , a hacker developed similar robots .	I
An earlier lookout was erected at the site in 1917 but was torn down when the current lookout was constructed .	O
The polynya reoccurred in 2016 , and has since appeared in 2017 .	O
Earn to Google Admob and app marketing scope .	O
Our surroundings became a source of inspiration for the EP and we built a studio on a small island in the Baltic Sea . "	I
Spoke against export of grain , and he sat with the reformers .	I
Dada Masiti never remarried and bore no children .	O
At the cost of his own life but lincoln then self-destructs A.B.E. , destroying the Shugguth .	I
Had an exceptionally high contrast ratio , and the devices contained transparent graphene electrodes .	I
The two towers and crosses adorn this wall .	I
At the Dilg the patients are not restrained , but instead are improving themselves by being artistically creative .	O
Died in Houston , Texas on and countryman was born in Navasota , Texas .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1954 , and a post office was opened in Otego in 1887 .	I
The bones are burnt to charcoal at a low heat and the ( edible ) broth is removed from the bone residue .	I
He lives for 15 more years and after his release , Trudi marries Walter .	I
He did not sign and attended Stanford University .	O
Not go to extremes of having unhealthy habits to be skinny and diehl has ignited a wave of positivity encouraging women to be healthy .	I
Also many of the pupils were of indigenous Indonesians , but the schools were not exclusive to Arab Indonesians only .	I
He later realized his mistake and rebuilt the demolished temples .	O
The old team unites several episodes later and becomes Abby 's competition team again .	O
Most Influential Woman in UK IT for her work with TeenTech and in 2016 Maggie was announced as Digital Leader of the Year	I
After passing hurdles , they marry and later Gauri falls in love with Aditya .	I
Barbie is not pregnant and is only acting .	O
Soon Suhani comes to know that Yuvani is her daughter and she founds out that Daadi had lied to her .	O
The margins are shaded with brownish fuscous and the central area of the hindwings is white .	I
It had always been the case , but Confucianism strengthened the idea even further .	O
Has since become more popular across Europe than the traditional almond ones and this new , successful type of dragée was eventually copied by the competition .	I
Constitutes the north-western point of the Maenggol Channel , and it is part of the Dadohaehaesang National Park .	I
Maybe not this much , but " Fans want to know . "	I
He was considered incapable of managing them because of mental illness , but the estates were destined for his eldest son , Francis Wolryche .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1952 , and a post office was opened in Wilder in 1875 .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1972 , and a post office was opened in Varner in 1895 .	I
A post office was opened in Willowdale in 1901 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1938 .	O
She eventually founded a pilot school and she took part in various international competitions .	I
Campbell was the warm favourite amongst the local crowd and was followed by the majority of the spectators .	O
Grew up in nearby Burlington , MA , and he was born in Boston , Massachusetts .	I
In 2003 , Giovino accompanied in concerts the Welsh musician John Cale , and played on his album , " HoboSapiens " in the same year .	O
Last edition was until 1967 and the pageant was established in 1952 .	I
The majorities were small in most instances and there were a large number of contested elections .	I
" Sola fide " of the core principles of Protestantism and at " the crux of the disputes " are the doctrine on justification , two .	I
Was released on 8 November 2013 and work started on the album in 2012 .	I
Was nominated for a Grammy in the category of Best Country Collaboration " and that song appears on Nelson 's album " It Always Will Be .	I
The breed was recognised in 2004 , and the herdbook established in March 2005 .	O
This greatly increased the fame of Maw 'dud and made Böritigin acknowledge him as his suzerain .	O
Her father left the country before she was born , and only acknowledged her as his daughter several decades later .	O
She initially worked as a schoolteacher when she returned to the CAR , but in October 1961 joined the civil service as an assistant social worker .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1957 , and a post office was opened in Pendennis in 1892 .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1954 , and a post office was opened in Amy in 1906 .	I
For legal reasons union leaders called it off early , but the strike was to have lasted for 24 hours .	I
Won over the audience and watson maintained his composure throughout .	I
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1994 , and a post office was opened in Shields in 1887 .	I
The guest began jumping out of the second windows and in just mere minutes the building was engulfed in flames .	I
He escaped to his territory and both of his brothers were killed .	I
Four demonstrators were killed and dozens were injured .	O
Temporarily captured a Golan border crossing and early on 6 June , rebels attacked .	I
It was the first to be franchised , and the fourth Primrose school opened that year .	I
Over 900 homes were damaged and 10 people were injured .	O
Reagan was originally called " Barren Springs " , and under the latter name was founded in 1881 .	O
The CD cover was designed and created by Clovis Brown .	O
In 1980 , the railroad switch was removed and in 1965 , the fruit shed was torn down .	I
He wanted to work with me and wrote Sasha for me . "	O
Lost in the quarterfinals this year , but stan Smith was the defending champion .	I
He led 2 – 1 in the last 32 against Andrew Higginson , but lost three frames to bow out of the event 2 – 4 .	O
Houston-montgomery wrote extensively on different models of doll and was a contributing editor of Doll Reader .	O
They have two sons and live in London .	O
Caused him to miss the entire 2013 season , and he required surgery to repair both hip labrums .	I
Missed the 2015 season and he underwent Tommy John surgery .	I
Seriously injured in a town near his home and following the 2014 season , Hensley was brutally assaulted .	I
The only high school managed by the Dollarway School District and it is one of three public high schools in Pine Bluff .	I
The winners got a trophy and no other tangible reward .	O
Later started a school named Geetha Vidyalaya in Chilkalguda , Secunderabad and she started her career as a teacher in Paropakarini School in Secunderabad .	I
It gives birth to them but does not possess them ,	O
With your primal breath but listen not with your mind .	I
Initiates the nucleotide excision repair pathway and xpc , upon ubiquitination , is activated .	I
Ernest Edwin Sechler was an aerospace engineer and scientist who specialized in thin-shell structures .	O
Plays Test cricket for the West Indies cricket team and permaul plays for Guyana in the West Indies regional cricket .	I
Bommarillu Bhaskar unveiled the audio cassette and gave it to director Parasuram .	O
Concerned meningitis caused by the Listeria bacterium and her first scientific paper was published in 1937 .	I
Mārtiņš Peniķis ( 1874 – 1964 ) was a Latvian general and commander in chief of Latvian Army from 1928 to 1934 .	O
Killed two of the three brothers and since then Rukku became a vengeful soul .	I
He played 11 games and scored 1 goal .	O
He was born in Perth , Lanark County , Canada West and was educated at McGill College , where he studied medicine .	O
Is known as Ed.CIL ( India ) Limited and from 2009 , the company has adopted new logo .	I
The City Council is committed to promoting its outcome , but the result of the referendum is not legally binding .	I
Was shot point blank , confirming Yuri 's suspicions and an autopsy reveals Massacre was unable to fire a gun .	I
Became single-sex during the 1990s and bute House was founded in 1958 .	I
At the end she finds her son , but Satan has cast an illusion over him .	O
The wedding takes place in Hell , and Satan puts on a grand ceremony .	O
Heixiazi Island ( , or bolshoi Ussuriysky Island ( ) ; lit .	I
Since then , Orange marches in Scotland have been associated with public disorder and sectarian violence , which led to them being banned on several occasions .	O
These students take regular classes at YES Prep , but they join regular Northbrook students in extra- carricular activities	O
From Brown University and an LL.D .	O
The two women heard the gunshots but did not take them seriously .	O
The “ Box logo period 2 " started in early 1981 and went until 1984 , when the company stopped making pedals .	O
In 1862 the Church of the Transfiguration of Jesus was finished , and in 1855 the Cathedral of St. Theodore was founded in Atalanti .	I
3,783 houses collapsed and 255 people were killed .	I
Closed on 7 July 1924 and it opened on 7 September 1914 .	I
The spelling was made more distinctive for trademarking , and the most popular choice was " Cindy " .	I
Had to be ordered in bulk from the Hong Kong manufacturer , but the Sindy doll was still available to retailers during this period .	I
She 's going to look like a 15-year-old , and we 've designed her to wear trainers . "	O
Mcg ( previously known as the Milliman Care Guidelines and two commonly used UM criteria frameworks are the McKesson InterQual criteria ) .	I
Remains the only Catholic high school in Greater Orlando , and the school is located within the Diocese of Orlando .	I
Is the home stadium of SCU Torreense and it is currently used mostly for football matches .	I
" The Outfoxies " was developed by Namco and released in Japanese arcades in March 1995 .	O
The Ghost marked units are often in dark street colors and not the white of the rest of the fleet .	O
By 1963 , the New York Rangers had taken interest , and in October , Sterner made the trip for training camp .	O
Hurok kills Baal , and Syn teleports away .	O
This last phrase was uttered frequently on the show , and became a catch phrase among the show 's fans .	O
He was elected President of his class and he went to Congress as a Republican freshman .	I
Its area code 530 and its ZIP code is 95698 .	I
They discuss the difficulties of escape , and she tells him to find out .	O
The Governor is eating lunch in her block today , but rose 's second day is much like her first .	I
She doesn 't find one , and is thrown into solitary confinement .	O
Told to come to the meeting room , and the Doctor is awoken during the night .	I
Block-walker Dennel comes out , and the alarm goes silent .	I
They turn the volume up to hear what is happening , and rose sees the Doctor on one of the monitoring screens .	I
Pembroke Pines in grades 9 through 12 and the school serves approximately 2,425 students from Miramar .	I
He cannot be moved , and the pain is unbearable .	I
Claimed by the Bills off waivers on July 23 , and he was released again on July 19 , 2007 .	I
Served in the 88th Infantry Regiment and he was conscripted to the Russian army .	I
It then turns to the west and is known as Water Street .	O
Are strengthened by slips from the tendon of the tibialis posterior , and the plantar cuboideonavicular ligaments have a similar arrangement to the dorsal .	I
Cuc Phuong was Vietnam 's first national park and is the country 's largest nature reserve .	O
High temperatures can reach above 30C ( 85 F ) and lows are just above zero ( 32 F ) .	O
Also supports regional conferences for continuing education and hosts a national conference each year .	O
First free ascents or many were first ascents .	I
The Ds were unreliable and needed frequent repairs .	O
Won her case and remond sued for damages .	I
Frederick Douglass met the three women while visiting Italy in 1886 , and two of her sisters joined her there from the United States .	I
The young Kane studied chemistry at his father 's factory , and attended lectures at the Royal Dublin Society as a teenager .	O
The population decline in the early-1980s and after the dams were built businesses left .	I
They received a few offers from mainly major record labels , and signed in early 2000 with Nuclear Blast for four records .	O
Charlie starts to strangle the sentry , but stops to ask him his age .	O
England initially participated in the war on the French side but withdrew in 1674 , after the Treaty of Westminster .	O
The judgment of the Fifth Circuit was reversed and the case was remanded for further proceedings .	O
Whimpering beside ruins and everywhere people were crying .	I
He donated funds for a hall at Hannah More Academy in Reisterstown , and was instrumental in the founding of Johns Hopkins University 's Homewood campus .	O
Archaically a chamber within a structure or " Zimmer " in German means room .	I
Sends an urgent note by him to Mannering , and meg Merrilies intercepts the Dominie on a ramble .	I
Harry 's late aunt 's estate has also reverted to him , but he resigns it to his sister on her marriage to Hazelwood .	O
Is conducted to Ellangowan by a local boy and 1 : Guy loses his way while visiting Dumfries .	I
Nicholas Parsons would be there stuffing envelopes , and I 'd be out chatting to people ...	O
In 2016 , the airport handled 973,440 passengers , and in 2017 , the airport handled 994,283 passengers .	O
His father worked in real estate and his mother was a home-maker .	O
Posthumously inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2008 and browne was inducted into the Black Filmmakers Hall of Fame in 1977 .	I
The lights are low and now the stage is empty .	I
Completed in November 2013 and construction began in spring 2007 .	I
Was completed in August 2008 and this segment began construction in September .	I
It was released in 1977 but only through mail order .	O
However , the expected market for home multimedia appliances did not materialize , and the CDTV was discontinued in 1993 , having sold only 30,000 units .	O
The company was divided and sold in 1984 .	O
Officially released worldwide in June 2015 to mixed reviews and it was soft launched in select regions in February 2015 .	I
A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations , and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations . "	O
Comedian Greg Travis and her brother is actor .	I
Required the completion of ten bridges and this segment was constructed under five contracts .	I
Emery excelled in school , and was offered a scholarship .	O
He was married and divorced twice .	O
Nineteenth album overall by the British singer-songwriter , and lady of the Stars is the seventeenth studio album , Donovan .	I
Glass block not in the of the original , was removed and the top floor of the 1924 building , a later addition of concrete style .	I
In 1997 , her family moved to Sydney , Australia and she relocated to MLC School in Burwood , Sydney .	O
Later decided on the moniker Something Corporate as a joke , and mcmahon met the rest of the group in high school .	I
Now speak the Buryat language and they live dispersed among the Buryats .	I
Many were moved to cattle-breeding farms and they switched to Buryat-style husbandry .	O
The House of Lords dismissed the appeal and agreed with the determination for Fletcher .	O
Pry , a novella , a collaboration between Danny Cannizzaro and Samantha Gorman ( also known as Tender Claws ) .	O
He became an orphan at the age of 8 and was raised by his older brother in Powys .	O
The foundation stone was laid in 1901 and the cathedral was designed by Sir Herbert Baker .	I
The cathedral is renowned for the political stance it took during apartheid and is recognised as a strong symbol for democracy in South Africa .	O
Secunda wrote " Dana- " for the orchestral score and " Dana Dana " for the vocal scores .	O
He was associated with the Court of Naples and served as Captain of Justice at Gaeta .	O
Just seven minutes later , Jackie Milburn doubled the lead , and stan Mortensen gave England the lead after twenty two minutes .	I
Defending champions Uruguay in the quarter-finals and england faced the winners of group three .	I
The match finished as a goalless draw and England finished top of the group .	O
He received an LL.B from Harvard University in 1867 and was called to the bar the following year .	O
It broadcasts on AM frequency 1600 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting .	O
A pond is located near its southwestern corner , and a number of small streams drain the land .	I
Many early travelers visited the tomb and made drawings of the scenes .	O
One stela belongs to a certain Suemmerenhor and is most likely later in date .	O
Is inscribed with a long offering list and the walls of the niche are also decorated .	I
Turkey Run provides a water supply year-round , and forms the eastern boundary of the property .	O
He was a gifted and extremely prolific artist .	O
Its transmitter is located south of Vidor , Texas and its studios are located on South Eleventh Street in Beaumont .	I
Served in a Catania cavalry regiment and he joined the army as a lieutenant .	I
The FM had gone to a country format and by the 1980s , top40 on KAYC was wanted .	I
Formula _ 4 is a complex parameter and where formula _ 3 is a complex variable .	I
On the 18th , the enemy attacked and Co . B destroyed five tanks .	O
After a TD was hit and set afire , Sgt .	O
A right-arm fast-medium bowler and dean was a right-handed batsman .	I
The east window of the chancel is a pair of 13th-century lancets and the south doorway of the nave is also largely 13th century .	O
Was the fourth world leader who spoke to the Pakistani parliament and on 26 October 2009 , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was awarded the Nishan-e-Pakistan .	I
Expansion , started in the spring of 2008 and van Meter Hall is currently undergoing a major renovation .	I
Fifa completed a lengthy investigation into these allegations and a report cleared Qatar of any wrongdoing .	O
Harding was later arrested and sentenced to prison .	O
Have set attendance records during performances at several venues and los Kumbia Kings received a total of twelve Grammy nominations .	I
Opted to resign on 30 November , alleging " personal reasons , but he led the club to a Série A title after 22 years " .	I
It was the 7th FIFA Club World Cup and was hosted by the United Arab Emirates .	O
Uses part of the lake for a runway and shawano Municipal Airport is also located on Shawano Lake .	I
Was not disbanded until 1817 , and it served in the Mediterranean .	I
( It had first been captured in 1796 , but was returned under the Treaty of Amiens . )	O
The British were repelled , with heavy losses and the attack , on 8 March 1814 , failed .	I
Split his army to launch a two-pronged attack , and napoleon marched swiftly through France to meet them .	I
Another Pacific Northwest USL First Division team took notice , but unfortunately , he was not signed by the Sounders .	I
Mcvey studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art ( 1927 – 1932 ) and at the Colorado Springs Fine Art Center ( 1943 – 1944 ) .	O
France had declared war on Germany on 16 July , and by 19 September the Siege of Paris was underway .	O
No longer a hotel , the building was renovated in the 2010s and is now part of a larger residential community named Dunbar Village .	O
Awarded at a special ceremony in Tehran in March 2002 and this essay garnered the First Prize in English at the conferences .	I
A Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate School in 1974 , and from the Pacific School of Religion in 1969 .	I
Trochu volunteered in 1940 , and was mentioned in dispatches .	O
Five teams participated in the league , and the Sheffield Lancers won the championship .	O
They have been holding a sit-in in the location for twelve days and the group of pro-military protesters was building up until the much waited announcement .	I
The Liverpool Leopards won the championship , and five teams participated in the league .	I
Nine teams participated in the league , and the Blackpool Seagulls won the championship .	O
The Murrayfield Racers won the championship , and seven teams participated in the league .	I
Nine teams participated in the league , and the Murrayfield Racers won the championship .	O
Eight teams participated in the league , and the Murrayfield Racers won the championship .	O
In 1967 it was dubbed and the title was anglicised .	O
The Dundee Rockets won the championship , and eight teams participated in the league .	I
He was Commander of the Turkish Air Force from 1978 to 1983 , and previously Secretary-General of the National Security Council ( 1977 – 1978 ) .	O
Shadowy and all was vague . "	I
The stems are succulent , and woody toward the bases .	O
Subsequent studies confirmed a sister species relationship using chloroplast DNA as well as nucleotide sequences of the gene phosphoglucose isomerase .	O
He spent 21 days in solitary confinement and 40 days in the Evin Prison .	O
Is now one of the most popular club sports and this merger brought over more than a dozen whitewater kayaks .	I
Performed by Book of Love , and all instruments arranged , programmed .	I
Members of the Shiv Sena followed the gathering , and began to attack them ; the Dalits retaliated .	O
Six people were killed in the violence , and 113 were estimated to have been injured .	O
Labs are held during the week and run for approximately two hours .	O
Has had some success as a sire of winners and he was retired to stud at the end of 2005 .	I
Was released on 17 May 2013 in Japan and the phone was announced by Sony at CES 2013 .	I
He held one catch and completed four stumpings .	O
He was unseated because of election irregularities by his constituency , and in May 1910 , his own election result was declared void agent .	I
In 1928 the club joined the EIFA and competed in its competitions ever since .	O
Some other areas for growth is South America and Asia , airline CEO Bjørn Kjos says .	O
All instruments arranged , programmed , and performed by Book of Love .	O
Saw active service in the response to the Indian Mutiny and he was commissioned into the 84th Regiment of Foot in 1857 .	I
Comes from the Panathinaikos youth ranks and he plays as winger for Kronos Argyrades .	I
Her lyrics were described as " anti-luxury " and Lorde as a " counterculture " artist .	O
He lost the fight via TKO in the second round and earned a " Fight of the Night " bonus .	O
Was the first candidate to submit all required documentation ) and sisi submitted 188,930 endorsements ( though 500,000 were collected .	I
The episode was written by Richard Hatem and it was directed by Colin Bucksey .	O
He was the 2012 World Junior Champion and the 2013 World Championship silver medalist .	O
It was slated for demolition in early 2012 , and the replacement bridge was completed in early 2013 .	O
In 1995 , his brother Martin died and he re-located the company to Chicago .	O
Was denied the right to be recognized officially by the government and harrison Mumia set up one of the first atheist group in Kenya .	I
The governor was removed from his position as governor and recalled to France ; then Kerlerec was exiled .	O
Paul University , Awka currently has three faculties and these faculties offer a variety of courses .	O
Pole-sitter Jeff Burton led much of the early portion of the race , but Jeff Gordon then took the lead after a strong green-flag pit stop .	O
Journalist Joe Hildebrand takes four budding politicians on a confronting and thought-provoking journey into some of Australia 's thorniest issues .	O
Completed after seven years later and masud started the film in 1982 .	I
Was buried in Aughaveagh parish church , and he died on 7 May 1823 .	I
Made the changes to the receptor irreversible and other earlier neutral mutations acted as a ratchet .	I
In particular , a different type of rock had been struck , and of concrete had been injected without this giving the desired effects .	O
He was born in Lovelock , Nevada and died in Santa Clara , California .	O
This can be as detailed or as simple as desired .	O
This version was given at the Cheltenham Music Festival in 1951 , and benjamin Britten prepared a chamber-orchestra version of the score for performance .	I
Alison is sympathetic to Pierre 's plight , but Father Philippe wants Pierre to leave immediately .	O
Took up the seat of Bram van Ojik and on 20 May 2015 he returned to the House .	I
Won the hearts of millions of the people in the Arab World and in 2003 Rouwaida participated in Super Star 1 , she reached the finals .	I
It was first activated during World War II as the 338th Fighter Group and served primarily as a training unit until it was disbanded in 1944 .	O
The group was reconstituted in the reserves in 1947 , but was inactivated when military spending was reduced in 1949 .	O
The 561st Squadron in Wisconsin was also inactivated , but its inactivation temporarily ended reserve flying operations there .	O
He left FA 300 on 7 December 1916 and joined a Prussian fighter squadron , Jagdstaffel 18	O
Bailey Pennington is a Staff Writer , and Connie Manion is the Office Manager .	O
Amp Country & " Blue Mound Golf ; Club	I
" Twin Hills Golf & amp ; Country Club	O
For 2009 the villa underwent a roof replacement project , involving essential repairs and replacement of the cover-building roof structure to protect it from further weathering .	O
Amp Golf & " The Shawnee Inn ; Resort	I
The opera is written , composed , cast , produced and rehearsed in the space of less than an hour .	O
This happens in XXY males , as well as normal XX females .	O
Open Source Symposium and " Free Software	I
This provided an adequate base for British ships to operate from and for amphibious operations against the other islands to be staged .	O
Is of Grenadian descent and clyne was born in England .	I
He was wounded in the following attack and he found Bereka occupied by the Red Army .	I
Soon decided to hide on a farm near Stuttgart but in May 1945 Knittel returned to his family in Neu-Ulm .	I
His master 's degree in Public Health Administration from Tulane University , and brinckerhoff received his bachelor 's degree from the University of Pennsylvania .	I
The creek then drops over the falls and reaches the bottom of the valley .	O
He was the son of Christian Gerhard Ameln ( 1809-1872 ) and Laura Therese Pauline ( Wennberg ) Ameln ( 1817-1888 ) .	O
This use of colourful insults proved successful and was a mainstay in subsequent books .	O
She is an alumna of the British-American Project , and has been a governor of the Ditchley Foundation .	O
Commissioned Tutu as the commander of the forces against Chengde and in winter 809 , Emperor Xianzong stripped Wang of his titles .	I
West built a steam-powered sawmill in the early 1860s , and by 1868 , he was exporting lumber to Australia .	O
Plentiful quantities are produced for export and chinese whitebait is raised in fish farms .	I
The Tigers nearly recovered from a 16-point hole in the second half , and trailed by just five points with less than a minute to play .	O
Baylor 's talent was obvious on the court that night , and Scott Drew 's team shocked Missouri with a 14-point win .	O
He was born in Bergen and grew up on Fjøsanger .	O
He finished his secondary education in 1897 , and in 1902 he had taken the cand.jur .	O
The programme played for many years on the World Service and is said to have a large following in India .	O
Served in the North Sea and he was appointed to the 74-gun .	I
Among the top 15 pork producers in the world in 1996 , and taiwan had previously been the major exporter of pork to Japan .	I
Adams remained with the Roughriders for the 2004 season , but he did not play in any regular season games .	O
Can be reached by car and it is located in Monte Orsaro .	I
The station was moved 1 km east in 1972 , and in 2005 had an approximately 1,590 passengers per day .	O
Le Hardy was a founder-member of the British Records Association in 1932 , and served almost continuously on its Council until his death , aged 72 .	O
It was a former commune of Normandy , and has been joined to Campneuseville in 1823 .	O
Well as a song performed with Leona Lewis , as the album featured a second duet with Ai .	I
Tells how they loved to commission statues of themselves to impress others and he traces its history from Nimrod , through Pythagoras to Pliny the Elder .	I
Forston initially made the team , but was waived on September 26 .	O
Salvaged the " Comet " wreck and the GLSHS in the 1980s extensively filmed .	I
Woodside was unique in the way it was built and also the residents in which it had attracted .	O
His father was Challo and his mother Mariam .	O
The caves are in the valley of the river Escalona and were used by prehistoric people who left rock art .	O
Muhsinah is a Grammy nominated singer and producer , from Washington DC .	O
The county municipality has 1,544 employees , and in 2007 , a revenue of .	O
Finished in 8 12th on other occasions and she won a bronze medal in the platform in 1948 – place .	I
He specializes in children 's literature and has over 50 books published .	O
Other international competitions presenting this event and he has participated in several world championships .	I
Died in St. Louis , Missouri and he was born in Chicago , Illinois .	I
Was knocked out in the first round , but he also competed in the 200m event .	I
Is largely self-taught and paiko works without assistants .	I
Warm to hot and the climate was humid .	I
Highly deviated penetrations of the reservoir intervals and the wells drilled were a mixture of horizontal .	I
Was subsequently pushed back to February 2011 but first oil was originally targeted in H2 2010 .	I
Is fully machinable and it is readily welded .	I
They also attack the seals of vacuum valves and cause deposits to build up over time .	O
Can be replaced easily and the disk is fairly inexpensive .	I
Are these available , and are they current ?	O
Here he finished his schooling and started a butchers apprenticeship .	O
The remaining machines were either destroyed or severely damaged by ground strafing .	O
The standard of fighter aircraft was even but the German air crews were overall more experienced .	I
The British had driven the Italian forces back into Libya , and now seemed poised to sweep them out of Africa altogether .	O
Many of these aircraft were delivered before Barbarossa , but most of these were destroyed on the ground .	O
The loss of the guidance they gave to younger pilots and the loss of such outstanding pilots caused a drop in morale .	I
Matt takes the opportunity to get revenge instead of running , but claire starts taking bullets to cover the others ' escape .	I
Impressed , Sylar pulls him aside and has him demonstrate it further .	O
Matt decides to discover more about Danko , and delves into Noah 's mind once more .	O
However , he is caught and flown away by Nathan .	O
Peter reabsorbs Nathan 's ability and flies away to safety .	O
He served as Solicitor-General for Ireland , 1836 and as Attorney-General for Ireland in 1838 ; .	O
Nelson is also increasingly well known for high-quality wines , and marlborough is the major wine-growing region in New Zealand .	I
3-hydroxyoctanoic acid is a signalling chemical emitted by " C. floribundum " and recognized by Japanese honeybees ( " Apis cerana japonica " ) .	O
Flowers are a pale-pink , small and clustered blooming in early June .	O
, in his hesitation , Bucky 's bionic hand is cut off , but bucky tries to reach out for Steve to give him a sign .	I
Prepares to strike the killing blow and captain America takes Bucky by the throat .	I
Many settled elsewhere in the area , and in 1713 Livingston released the Germans .	I
He then opted to move to Greece , at Ionikos , but did not earn a lot of matches here as well .	O
The cuttings can be planted immediately and kept in a shady area .	O
In 2013 Bell was moved by Amanda Todd 's tragic story and created a portrait as a tribute to the bullied B.C .	O
Gave the song an F rating , and country Universe was not as positive .	I
Cotys II is mentioned in the writings of the Roman Historian Arrian and was a contemporary to the rule of the Roman Emperor Hadrian .	O
Merged with the Castaways rugby club in the 1990s and the Oak Bay Wanderers rugby club was founded in 1906 .	I
Nipsey toasts to Martin and wishes him well .	O
They appeared in the West Semi-Final and lost to the Saskatchewan Roughriders .	O
It was formerly used for peat cutting , especially in the south , but has regenerated itself after measures to raise the water levels were introduced .	O
The work was published in 1880 as " Roma " , and it probably incorporates some of his changes made in 1871 .	O
It is accurate only at very low concentrations , but debye-huckel theory provides a means to do this .	I
Settled in Springton and he was educated there .	I
The request did not amuse Serrell , and he soon replaced the young officer .	O
Did not capitulate until February 18 , 1865 and like Sumter before , Charleston held out under bombardment .	I
The first strand is anthropological in origin and may be labelled the dramaturgical model .	O
Than only as passive objects , rather architecture ) as active agents .	I
Regulates the domain of a certain discourse and power in the form of active censorship defines .	I
The name is a lotus and was submitted by Macao .	O
Is currently the only Polish male chess player to accomplish this title and świercz won the 2011 World Junior Chess Championship at the age of 17 .	I
Remained the family 's property , but the house was rented out .	I
Does not appear to have been called to the bar , but he was admitted to Gray 's Inn 12 August 1617 .	I
Was part of the voting district ( Tribus ) Oufentina and quintus Petilius Secundus , son of Quintus Petilius came from Milan .	I
The band did not leave any recordings , and performed until 1985 , when they disbanded .	O
In 1993 he founded " El pez soluble " Press and " El pez soluble arte mural " in Tequisquiapan .	O
" Walloon Export and Foreign Investment Agency	O
Few argued that there was no difference between the two worlds , but some were convinced that the difference itself was the primary danger .	O
Was not initially retained for the following season and however , he made no further 1st team appearances .	I
" Wittgenstein 's Beetle and Other Classic Thought Experiments	O
Practiced in Antwerp in administrative law , and he gained a degree in law in 1934 , specialising .	I
Her brother is a recent graduate of the University of Florida , and her oldest sister Brooke is an attorney located in South Florida .	I
Mature rams and mature ewes weigh .	I
He was also a composer , and conducted at many Portuguese festivals .	O
Its editorial director was Alex Milberg , and its senior editor was Matías Loewy .	O
Several more notable bloggers linked to the post , and Fried 's work began to attract more attention .	O
Are now trying to find Salazar to get Tara back and when they finally get Abel back they head back to Charming .	I
Chibs knows he can not get rid of Juice but has to " get right with it " .	O
Secretly takes all of Bobby 's Oxycontin with him , but despite initial resistance , Juice finally agrees to go .	I
In 1993 , he was sent to Somalia , and then followed al-Qaeda to their base in Sudan .	O
He managed 7 appearances throughout the season but only 2 came in the league .	O
Retained their number until retirement and older locomotives were no longer renumbered .	I
Was a childhood fan of the Rochester Rhinos , and bolton grew up in Penfield , New York .	I
The total population of Kanwat is 7,903 out of which 4,100 are males and 3,803 are females thus the Average Sex Ratio of Kanwat is 928 .	O
The second series was deleted as well , and the third series was released in 2011 .	I
It was produced in England some time around 1170 , and is considered a striking example of Romanesque book art .	O
She has four siblings and is a Muslim .	O
Gave it for free to the fans and the band made few copies of the album .	I
Work was interrupted by World War I , and the dam was not completed until 1925 .	O
Power- generating facilities were installed in 1971 and the multipurpose Roseires Dam was built in 1966 .	I
Nst has package management capabilities similar to Fedora and maintains its own repository of additional packages .	O
For a couple of years , he lived in Amsterdam , but in 1650 he left again for Batavia with his wife .	O
Ladder topology can be extended without limit and is much used in filter designs .	O
The film was directed by John Brahm and based upon a Tess Slesinger story .	O
He was born in New York and died in Tucson , Arizona .	O
Dawud escaped from jail and rejoined the OLF .	O
Became a life underwriter by career and he was born in Peterborough , Ontario .	I
Industrialist by and he was a businessman career .	I
Bradley Hansen has a degree in physics , and Rick McNurlin has a degree in chemistry .	O
Was continued in Rome and classical education began in Greece .	I
Became an insurance broker by career and he was born in Hull , Quebec .	I
Represents the club Dynamo Ivano-Frankivska , and she was born in Kolomiya .	I
All have filled with water , and currently , none are functioning .	I
Represents the club Kolos Poltava , and she was born in Pyriatyn .	I
Charged with murder in Dekalb County , Georgia and on February 22 , 2012 , Sharpe was arrested .	I
That he remained a resident of Atlanta , Georgia and reports in 2016 were that charges were dropped against Sharpe .	I
He was chairman of the Admiralty Board from 1911 to 1915 , and was a member of the State Council from 1913 to 1917 .	O
" Direct Action and Research Training Center	O
The drivers drew for grid positions by , and due to heavy rain , qualifying was cancelled lot .	I
Yarborough left Beam 's team after one race , and JT Putney was hired to drive the car .	O
It was an immediate success in Europe and has been translated into 36 languages .	O
Repainted several and the church was upgraded times .	I
Opened for business two years , and the line was chartered in 1833 later .	I
In many cases , this can even change the stage 's boss , and may also affect the reward the player gets for defeating the boss .	O
A music video was also filmed and was directed by Jesse Dylan .	O
Was selected by the San Diego Padres in the Rule 5 Draft , and he was left off the Mets ' major league roster that winter .	I
Peyton Sellers captured another pole award and led a race-high 74 laps .	O
Among renowned students and lecturers are :	O
The tournament was played on outdoor clay court and held from February 7 to February 14 .	O
In three movements and the symphony is homotonal :	I
Your resin and of your balsam ,	I
Their car was stopped and they were killed .	O
Honiara won the title , and Makira took second place .	O
One person was killed and nine were injured .	O
From 1970 he was an embassy counsellor in Brussels , and negotiated the Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community .	O
He was active in Christian missionary societies , and social work , founding several day schools .	O
They have two sons and singh is married to Kohila .	I
Demanded the commander of the unit step down and the Mozambican Human Rights League called for an investigation .	I
The freak accident garnered news coverage around the world , and cast a spotlight on the small town of Brocklesby .	O
Became the 14th director of the Venice Film Festival in 1987 and he was the director of the Taormina Film Fest in the 1970s .	I
The last resistance extinguished on July 23 , and intense fighting carried on to July 17 .	I
The abdomen is also dark fuscous , but the segmental margins are partially white .	O
As a precaution we will build a bridge , but we can ford it in a few days .	I
The theory of storage was originally developed and described by Holbrook Working in 1933 .	O
The system is designed to run at scale deployments of Adaptive Comparative Judgements and has been used around the world in a wide range of contexts .	O
Set the only world record on this hill and in 1935 Fritz Kainersdörfer from Switzerland jumped 99.5 meters .	I
Well as being inspired by Christian teaching , as her knowledge was based on Galenic theories .	I
Vose died on March 30 , 1910 in Brunswick , Maine and was interred at Harmony Grove Cemetery in Salem , Massachusetts .	O
In 1725 the Academy of Nobility was established in Olomouc , and in 1679 secular legal studies were introduced at the University .	I
He fled to avoid arrest for theft and took the young child with him .	O
They belonged to a family of Italian anti-fascists and they were born in Campegine , Emilia-Romagna .	O
The villagers blamed local Wahhabists , and the suspects fled to Chechnya .	O
Their aim was to take the road leading to Karamakhi , but an assault by hundreds of gunmen forced them to withdraw .	O
Legal entitlements for discharge are granted in the form of permits , but the overall allowable level of discharge is controlled by the EPA .	O
Mercury is an element and cannot be destroyed .	O
Pius began to feel ill , and Guilloû treated him for seasickness .	O
Published in the official state newspaper on January 13 of that year and it was created by an executive order signed on January 9 , 2006 .	I
He collaborated with Augustin Saint-Hilaire on the publication of the Brazilian flora and introduced the first seeds of " Jubaea chilensis " in France .	O
In spite of this he continued to run experiments on hybridization and the acclimation of plants for the production of new species .	O
Raised him for 12 years and he named the child Purna Chandra .	I
Because of the deteriorating quality in Cuba , started smoking our cigars and i think a lot of those smokers , because of the rising prices .	I
Then slowly work at acquiring knowledge about how to build a collection , and some novice knife collectors start by purchasing knives that appeal to them .	I
It is another great tool to view knives and learn more about certain aspects of knives .	O
Was incorporated in 2001 in the state of Illinois and the charity was known legally as the Wyclef Jean Foundation .	I
He manages to stay one step ahead of Toke 's men , and swears an oath to kill every man of Toke 's crew .	O
The club hired Kyle Edwards as General Manager and promoted coach Jhonneris Mendez to field manager .	O
Her sister is two years older and is known as Bella Angel .	O
He was born in Hong Kong and was raised in Tuen Mun .	O
They auditioned for multiple record companies and were turned down many times .	O
On north side and Chak No .	O
Full length album and stage poem .	O
Vice-chairman of the council and he had also been chairman .	I
Reger composed the fantasia in Weiden in November and December 1899 , dedicated to Paul Gerhardt .	O
The criteria for inclusion are bolded , and the table is sorted by GAA .	I
Then it was rebuilt by the British in 1806 , but soon started to collapse being abandoned in about 1816 .	O
The criteria for inclusion are bolded , and the table is sorted by GAA .	I
The estate does business renting cottages and letting the property for weddings .	O
It is unknown from where , but christian Thum was from Germany .	I
His early verse met some success but his dramatic works did not .	O
Will be back in 2019 and the 2018 festival has been cancelled .	I
The babies to Arjuna and vishnu handed over two idols .	I
The Spanish language is Spain 's greatest contribution to Honduran culture , and continues to be the main cultural bond between the two countries .	O
This in turn was essential for the strategy 's long term sustainability and it was felt that consultation with the people was essential for community ownership .	I
It has been a base for security and for foreign aid in Central America .	O
Provided a roasted product for market , and they also purchased neighbors ' crops .	I
Shew again finished second on the money list and returned to the LPGA Tour in 2016 .	O
He was placed in the care of his aunt and herron was only two years old when his mother died .	I
He retired from the State Department in 1967 , and received the Distinguished Honor Award for his work .	O
Had nine children , of which Maxwell was the seventh , and his parents married on 22 April 1888 in Rhode Island .	I
The tribal chair of the Indian Canyon and anne Marie Sayers is a Mutsun Ohlone leader .	I
They had a son , Job Herbert Lippincott and he married Keziah Budd on August 19 , 1878 .	I
Scalabrini 's death in 1905 led to the motherhouse being transferred to Alessandria and also saw the decline of Merloni 's good standing amongst the congregation .	O
It is near Taunggyi ( 12 miles ) and also Nyaung Shwe ( 7 miles ) .	O
With no other way Girish faces David and is knocked out in single kick .	O
Girish offers to ride her to Kakkadan mala and arranges a person to role-play as angel .	O
Schools situated on its campus and courses are run by constituent institutes .	I
Future is ours and so , follow the heart . "	I
Supports him to become a film director and his mother ( Sruthi ) understands his aim .	I
Misunderstands Pooja and krishna sees this .	I
He becomes a director and arjun 's script is accepted .	I
Educated in eastern Pennsylvania and wells was born in Louisiana .	I
His partnership with Gaspar Pinto was kept in 1940 – 41 , but without the same success , as Benfica did not win anything .	O
Another on Nahalat Binyamin Street in Tel Aviv , and they set up a stationery store at Jaffa .	I
Re-tuned to focus on low to mid-range torque but the crossplane engine is based on the 2015 YZF-R1 .	I
He is the Food for all Ghana ambassador and championed the feeding of millions in Ghana .	O
She was educated at Queen Elizabeth School and studied Chinese language at Lingnan University .	O
A lot of research work is being done here and it is the largest facility of its kind in Asia .	I
Will be paid only thirty years later in , but he obtained permission to raise an organ at Lausanne Cathedral , 1763 .	I
Accused of being a spy by Korean officials and a CIA operative ( Clancy Brown ) is arrested .	I
Bhakhara Dam and govind Sagar Lake .	I
Her professional career has nevertheless robustly outlasted the German Democratic Republic , but in terms of published output she was particularly prolific before 1989 .	I
Surrender of Lee and his army .	O
By 1800 had developed two distinct village centers , and the town of Poultney was settled in 1771 .	I
Was first described by Kazuo Hoshino in 1981 and the species is found off the coasts of Japan .	I
Wednesday 23 & " Monday , November 21 , 8 : 00 , November , 12 : 00 "	I
" Monday , November 21 , 16 : 00 & Wednesday , November 23 , 16 : 00 "	O
L.a. Ring has been described as a pioneer of Danish symbolism , and his works have been described as an expression of social realism .	O
Was called off on 1 September 1903 , and the strike began on 1 May 1903 .	I
Were acquitted in Clear Creek County , but five WFM members were eventually tried .	I
Ourharvest resells directly from suppliers , and stores products in refrigerated trucks .	O
Died in obscurity and likewise his children lived .	I
However , the gates are closed and the city is under quarantine .	O
Peck started 35th and finished 30th .	O
While crawling towards the officers , Shaver paused and moved his right hand towards his waistband .	O
The renovations were completed in early 2016 and Bennett Alley was reopened to buses .	O
His mother was a Scottish-born nurse and his father a London-based physician .	O
The investigations into Markingson 's death have concluded , but problems in the Department of Psychiatry have continued .	O
In 1832 , it had only 938 members , but this grew to 6,774 only two years later .	O
Hears a voice singing behind it and the group comes to a locked door .	I
Finds a body under a piece of canvas and the guide then leads the group into a catacomb .	I
Gives it to an audience member and the guide then takes away her chair .	I
Opens it to reveal a man in a loincloth and the guide looks into a tall box in the hallway .	I
Tie him to the table and they take him behind the screen .	I
Jonathan joined the U.S. Army at the age of 18 and served in the 82nd Airborne Division as a paratrooper .	O
Partially encapsulated or 1 ) Encapsulated .	I
Taylor 's family were immigrants from Ireland , and Taylor was " an articulate Catholic . "	O
The modifications were predicted by MotifScan , and then searched in greater detail in Expasy	O
" also so coherent " but it sounds very disoriented , . "	I
Collected a total of 82 confirmed kills and he was a member of the German Luftwaffe .	I
She then sailed for Batavia , before returning to Sydney in September and a voyage to Hobart Town , before again sailing for Batavia .	O
Says that they always are marching when they sing that song and frank also hears the peasants singing below the window throughout the scene .	I
" Animal welfare and rights in India	O
However , cow protection was largely an expression of Hindu nationalism rather than part of a larger native Indian animal welfare movement .	O
The simplest mathematical surfaces are planes and spheres in the Euclidean 3-space .	O
Yeo spent ten seasons with the Pittsburgh Penguins organization and captured the 2009 Stanley Cup as an assistant .	O
The government eventually denied many other requests of hers , and only succumbed to lessening her sentence to an extent .	O
It was put on air in 1994 , but xhvjl was most recently permitted in 1999 .	I
Before , the General of the Mint was hired by , and swore oath to , the Chambre des Comptes of Navarre .	O
Offered 125 livres of remuneration and their offices cost 4,000 livres each .	I
Operated from Sayula as a 500-watt daytimer and it was owned by Carmen Rodríguez de Méndez .	I
John Williams later served on as part of the European Squadron and was aboard that ship when he received his physical medal .	O
Published a detailed memoir of her life in the 1980s , and she survived the Cultural Revolution to see her political rehabilitation .	I
Divorced twice and she was married .	I
She was accused of embezzlement during the Three-anti Campaign in 1952 , but the first years of the People 's Republic were relatively uneventful .	I
It was bought by Promomedios Jalisco in 1985 and approved to migrate to FM in 2011 .	O
He retired from the band and went solo in 1992 .	O
The lovers ran away and escaped the law .	O
Is still very popular in the villages of the Altiplano Cundiboyacense and this game has been played before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadores .	I
Pulled away from the rest of the field , and bowyer retook the first position two laps later .	I
The species was first proposed in 1983 , and is named after Heinz P. R. Seeliger .	O
Was uploaded to YouTube on August 30 , 2014 and the video for the song was directed by Josh Clarke .	I
Produces yellow-cream flowers from June to September and the shrub typically grows to a height of .	I
Four years later , the single was released in the United Kingdom and managed to become a top 10 hit , reaching number nine .	O
Creates a sensation of being pushed onto the horse 's neck and less often , a poor-fitting saddle shifts the rider too far forward .	I
Confined in a cluster near the outer tooth row and the teeth on the roof of the mouth are enlarged .	I
This is probably an example of individual variation and hence another synonym of " Anteosaurus " .	O
The proximity to the National Route 51 adds to the popularity , and the massif is one of the definitely most visited in Jotunheimen .	O
A volcanic cone of mafic tephra developed and by 1966 , Jólnir had broken the surface .	I
This genus had a curved , segmented shell , and it is often reconstructed as a snail-like creature .	O
Completed two study-abroad terms in Rome , Italy and she attended the university on a full volleyball scholarship .	I
Collaborated with a wide array of artists including A.R and in her burgeoning U.S.-based career , she has worked with .	I
The Badge of Courage and " Lion of Oz	I
Kept the station 's public file at his residence and a contract engineer , Neil Langer , oversaw the operation .	I
Sometimes several " Burgmänner " would be resident at one castle and , together , they made up the " Burgmannschaft " .	O
In August 2013 Polskie Media was acquired by Polsat Group , and from 2014 Polsat Group is a direct broadcaster of TV4 .	O
Re-enters the battle ( coloured magenta instead of cyan and if left unattented , the warlord eventually calls a new mount . )	I
Important stop in the transshipment of textiles in the 15th-16th and because these bridges were exempt from taxes until 1796 , Bischofszell became Centuries .	I
Bischofszell consists of two parts - the older elevated part and the newer more industrial part located to the north .	O
There are 66 businesses in this sector and 1,522 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
There are 211 children in the kindergarten , and the average class size is 19.18 kindergartners .	O
It was united with Sommeri in a common parish , and since 1710 , the Reformed pastor lived in Amriswil .	I
There are 157 businesses in this sector and 1,764 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
There are 320 children in the kindergarten , and the average class size is 18.82 kindergartners .	O
All of this is out in the open now and the cook is put to a different job .	O
571 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 41 businesses in this sector .	O
There are 85 children in the kindergarten , and the average class size is 17 kindergartners .	O
Only small amounts but he often took money .	I
Jacob Lobo . , and few other sthanas .	O
Is a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency but pakistan is not a party to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .	I
Vowed to build more nuclear power plants in Pakistan , and in 2005 , China expanded its contract with Pakistan .	I
Started its operations in April 1998 and known as Khushab-I , it went critical .	I
Play was suspended because of the First World War and Goole did not re-enter the Midland League afterwards .	O
Control of the Kansas Senate in 1892 and the Populist Party won the governor 's office .	I
212 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 38 businesses in this sector .	O
The label ran into financial difficulties before it could come to fruition , but an album called " Bouncing Back " was scheduled to be released .	I
A right-arm medium-fast bowler and he is a right-handed batsman .	I
The Neptunes produced " I Proceed " and " I 'm Just Me . "	O
Reached the top five in New Zealand , and it achieved moderate success in international markets .	I
In 1976 , Rey left New York for San Francisco , and Phillips worked on his own for the next two years .	O
Then with Michael Cedric Smith and he studied first with David Starobin .	I
Blending in the field of painting and pasha was an example of such emulation .	I
He left college in 1969 to challenge the draft , and became one of Pitt County 's first conscientious objectors .	O
The landlord now has an obligation to make repairs and gets a right of access for that purpose .	O
Flown to Mumbai on the same day and these flowers are transported to Dubai , Mangalore .	I
There are 8 businesses in this sector and 45 people are employed in the secondary sector .	I
He is a widower and has two children .	O
461 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 41 businesses in this sector .	O
There are 42 children in the kindergarten , and the average class size is 21 kindergartners .	O
Flows into the River Liffey in the centre of Dublin , and it rises in the Cookstown area , north of Tallaght .	I
Apprenticed in the grocery business , and he completed high school locally .	I
So received a good amount of water and the baths were close to the town centre .	I
Construction of the building commenced early in 1881 and the baths opened on 27 February 1883 .	O
However the resource representations are not necessarily byte-for-byte identical , and thus weak ETags are not suitable for byte-range requests .	O
" Lotosaurus " was long and a heavily built quadruped .	O
As a driver for general officers , and she was a heavy equipment operator .	I
After an attempt to kill Kim , Mahone takes the boat and leaves ; however , he is arrested on drug-possession charges .	O
While transporting Mahone to the airport , Lang allows him to escape and lies to Wheeler about the direction in which he has fled .	O
Fichtner has also had several concerns with the scripts written for him , and talks to the writers to make sure that the character stays consistent .	O
Michael Krassa is the chair of " Human dimensions of Environmental Systems " and a professor in political science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .	O
Agios Georgios Tymfristou ( ) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis , Greece .	O
Mladenov PV and • Lamare MD .	I
Chloroticus " ( Echinoidea : Echinometridae ) " Evechinus modelling somatic growth in the sea urchin .	I
Ecology 243 and journal of Experimental Marine Biology : 17-43 .	I
She reprised the role in the 2018 film " " and will do so for the 2019 film " " .	O
Remains active in the Tampa Business community and he serves a Chairman Emeritus of Sykes Inc. .	I
Includes the team from Astonishing X-Men and the story revolves around the Stepford Cuckoos .	I
Then took a Ph.D. at Leuven in 1962 and he received a First class degree from University College .	I
The total turnout was 12,727,920 ( 79.5 ) and an additional 36,686 ( 0.3 % ) responses were unclear % .	I
Vowed to " go harder " as a result , but macklemore acknowledged the controversy several days before the final .	I
He averaged 8.6 points , and 5.2 rebounds per game .	O
Now lives in New York City and he grew up in Phoenix , Arizona .	I
Gave a maximum speed of and the engines produced a total of .	I
Are no longer listed on the stock exchange and both companies have been taken over in the meantime .	I
Filming started on 27 July 2017 and ended in 15 November 2017 .	O
Spoke with people living in the " drugs regions " and at each stage along her travels she found traces of violence .	I
His father S.K.Paalpaandi was a farmer , and his mother Chinnammal was a housewife .	I
The Zanzibar group dissolved when Boissonnas stopped financing their films and instead became more active in the French feminist movement .	O
Color processing was done by LVN Pictures , and the film was produced by Regal Films .	I
Lives in Bolpur and the singer is married .	I
The Southern Vipers were the defending champions , but lost in the final to Western Storm .	O
Released it on the internet and doordarshan archives had digitized Vartmaan series .	I
The music video was directed and edited by Brad Comfort .	O
M. Belle Brown 's mother 's name was Telford , and her ancestors were of the Jennings family from England .	O
Dilapidated Muslims shrines were restored and also new ones built .	O
Continues to the south along the Triebes and it then follow the Weida river to Schüptitz .	I
Until 1920 it was located in Saxe-Altenburg , but since then it has been in Thuringia .	O
Explains its significant impact on the counter-cultures of the sixties , but adamowski labels Mailer 's critique of liberalism " nasty " .	I
Lai frequently supported a range of environmental causes , and was known for his opposition to nuclear energy .	O
Fitzgerald did not know where they eventually disposed of the body , but thought that they planned to drop it down a mine shaft .	O
Underneath the Gun was a Christian deathcore and metalcore band from Corona , California .	O
Reviewed certain academic commentary which he pronounced to be unhelpful , and he then discussed the paucity of authorities directly on point .	I
After the breakout of the First World War and the German invasion of Belgium , 4 .	O
Rented a studio at a studio complex at 26 Rue de Départ and at the end of the First World War , Donas returned to Paris .	I
Gave birth to her daughter Francine in January 1931 and at the age of forty-five , Marthe Donas got pregnant .	I
Grew up in Piraeus and vitali was born in Athens .	I
The Clinical Decisions Research Group and these were the Violence Research Group .	I
They then carried out a randomised trial of cognitive behavioural therapy and discovered that this could prevent the onset of PTSD symptoms .	O
Even introduced feijoas ( " Acca sellowiana " ) , and ) , akeake ( " Dodonea viscosa " ) .	I
She reached St Helena on 29 August and arrived at Calcutta on 11 December .	O
The team became known first casually and then officially as " G.I .	O
This infection is known as " sorkfeber " in Swedish and " myyräkuume " in Finnish ( vole fever ) .	O
Korpi grew up in Williamston , Michigan and began painting at an early age .	O
He is also president of various subsidiary companies of the Northern Pacific , and on the latter date he was elected president of the Northern Pacific .	I
He increased it in 1912 to 511 tons , and its revenue freight train load was 326 tons .	I
Slightly shorter than the male and the female is usually more drab .	I
Takkanot , in general , do not affect or restrict observance of Torah " mitzvot " .	O
Is a twin and isabelle has four sisters .	I
Well as a series of educational events held year-round as visitors can often observe craftspeople at work in craft demonstrations .	I
He moved back to Denmark to play for Køge again , and was recalled for the Danish national team in August 1976 .	O
The date of her death is unknown but her will was proved in 1683 .	O
Momos decides to rob Eropkin , but the con goes horribly wrong .	O
Angelina finds him guilty and sotsky admits to his crimes .	I
Malala Yousafzai is a female education activist , and the Nobel Peace Prize winner in 2014 .	O
It monitors every scope change , and tracks pointers referencing memory objects .	O
Cornthwaite makes documentaries about his expeditions and those of other British adventurers .	O
Owned by Major Dermot McCalmont and tetratema was a grey horse bred .	I
Was undefeated in four races and tetratema remained in training at four .	I
The piece was developed in the late 1980s and was originally titled " The Quilt . "	O
The interior scenes were vastly filmed in the family 's Manhattan apartment , and principal photography took place in mid-2004 on location in New York City .	I
Albie Hecht , former president of Nickelodeon , was in the audience and purchased the movie , in association with his Worldwide Biggies label .	O
Relatives of the Draper-Wolff clan or most of the cast were friends .	I
Signed as a quarterback with the University of Georgia in 1987 , and martin was the 1986 Clayton County Offensive Player of the Year .	I
Was the 2005 SEC Championship MVP and shockley was First-team All SEC in 2005 .	I
Most popular Telugu sitcom and it is the longest run .	I
He cooks , serves , cleans and occasionally handles the cash register .	O
Is devoted to him and he is gullible like Sarvam .	I
When he sees an anvil up ahead , the mouse holds it up and Tom runs into it , causing the cat to resemble a table .	O
Has to run away from the approaching cat , but jerry then pounds on the door for help .	I
Investors that allow them to act as a dual-agent in the transaction and some brokerages are starting to provide private pocket listing services for the public .	I
Asked his wife to polish his shoes for him , and he then got into an argument with his wife .	I
Are available on DVDs at www.billandwoody.com and 87 of these programs have been saved .	I
He diagnoses abnormal conditions and suggests approved remedies .	O
Is especially lacking in dentists in the eastern part of the state and north Carolina is 47th in the nation in terms of dentists per capita .	I
Now teaches part-time at Mount Ida College in Newton , MA and he retired as a professor from Thomas College of Maine in 2014 .	I
They reconcile and he ultimately wins .	I
Reattaches to his head and tom 's body walks around .	I
Jerry has replaced his ball with a woodpecker egg , but annoyed at this , Tom returns to his game .	I
Hiv infection in children in sub-Saharan Africa affects their motor development , but there is insufficient evidence to show a slowing of language development .	O
Lou dies , but Reno survives .	O
" a smriti which is peoples charter of spiritual emanicipation " " and mahatma Gandhi hailed it as " the miracle of modern times .	I
Joe 's songs are much loved by the Edmonton community , and musicians are working hard to ensure these songs are remembered .	O
Friends " the band has some great musicians from Bangladesh and now he is working in his own band called " Arnob .	I
Consonants are sorted by place ( bilabial to uvular descending ) and voicing ( Left - Voiceless , Right - Voiced ) .	O
An apparent solar day can be 20 seconds shorter or 30 seconds longer than a mean solar day .	O
Ragsdale 's administration and city council .	O
Several international nuclear fusion reactor experiments exists or are being constructed , including ITER .	O
In 2007 , the world had a global capacity for of electricity generation and an additional of direct heating , including extraction by geothermal heat pumps .	O
The New Philadelphia Town Site near Barry , Illinois and some other examples are the Lyman Scott House , in Summer Hill , somewhere .	I
At the top , with walls nearly three feet thick and the specific kiln at Griggsville has an opening at the base .	I
Was given permission to build the IRT Second Avenue Line in 1875 , and meanwhile , the Gilbert El was reorganized as the Metropolitan Elevated Railway .	I
The Third Avenue el closed in 1955 , but remained opened in the Bronx until 1973 .	O
The second term represents the energy stored in a capacitor , and the first term represents the energy stored in an inductor .	I
Served the Temple for over 39 years , and cantor Saul Silverman served alongside Rabbi Nussbaum .	I
As such , the issue is pervasive and ingrained in many Indian socio-economic infrastructures .	O
The formal name for the hospital is Malietoa Tanumafili II Hospital and is situated on the coast side of the main road .	O
Were supposed to be equally owned among all citizens and in the Soviet era all enterprises belonged to the state .	I
A public affairs analyst and he 's also an author .	I
He returned to producing , and this was not successful .	I
Is taken into custody and he breaks down in tears .	I
Longitude passes through the LGA and the northeasterly line of equal latitude .	I
So completely impractical and it 's terribly romanticized .	I
Treated him with contempt , on one occasion putting him in prison , and the Lord Deputy Leonard Grey , 1st Viscount Grane was his enemy .	I
The churches were emptier than ever , and he made less progress with evangelism .	I
Well as an important statesman in the Burgundian Netherlands as john III of Egmont was the first Count of Egmont .	I
Finished at about 3 am on Monday 8 November , and the printing went on through the night of Sunday .	I
Travel metasearch engine for lodging reservations and booking.com is a travel fare aggregator website .	I
Haggerty , Richard and Richard Millet .	O
Cynthia Roche ( 1884 – 1966 ) who in 1922 ) and she is the daughter of Guy Fairfax Cary ( 1879 – 1950 , married .	I
The contract proved to be profitable and beneficial for the company only .	O
Brown also procured increases in state appropriations for teaching salaries , as well as a grant of $ 10,000 for forest investigations .	O
Advised cutting any trees having salvagable lumber and the USFS had declared the American chestnut dead .	I
This changes from time to time and today , a third play is presented .	I
He graduated from University of New Mexico , and New Mexico State University with an M.A .	O
On 28 July 2018 , Cejudo returned to Spain and joined Racing de Santander on a two-year contract .	O
Clowes had ideas on ambulance work , and remarks that scabbards make excellent splints .	O
At first , everyone thinks Bob has escaped , but Walt 's short feet reveal his true identity .	O
Following this he was Dean of Moray & Ross then Archdeacon of Saint Kitts .	O
Is a prominent local example of Federal period architecture and built in 1827 , it was designed by David Hoadley .	I
House at 301 Broad Street in Windsor , Connecticut and the former Grace Church Rectory is a historic church rectory .	I
By the 1830s , that building was too small for the congregation , and the present building was constructed in 1842 with funds raised by subscription .	O
J. Bowen Engine 4 , ” but dropped the name after 1874 .	O
Richard Millet and haggerty , Richard .	I
" Ce soir je t 'attendais " was a very contemporary-sounding song , but could only manage a surprisingly low tenth place of the eighteen entrants .	O
Finds out she is at the hospital , and todd is also on Téa 's trail .	I
" Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act	O
Without him the Broncos reached Super Bowl XLVIII , but lost 43 – 8 to the Seattle Seahawks .	O
Produced up to 15 million pounds of sugar annually and the Wisconsin Sugar Factory employed as many as 500 laborers .	I
Average female salary is $ 61,294 and the average male salary is $ 93,192 .	I
Lake Denoon is a lake in the southwestern portion of the city and is also partially located in the Town of Norway , Wisconsin .	O
The plant was sold in 1924 and is no longer in operation .	O
Under the latter name was established in March 1868 , and lincoln Township was originally called " Johnson Township " .	I
Middle School students attend Rocky Mountain Middle School in Cowley and Elementary students attend Rocky Mountain Elementary School in Cowley .	O
Nearly half a billion dollars are available from tax-exempt bonds , but additional investment is required in order to fund the plant .	O
The home of the Wyoming State Fair and it is the county seat of Converse County .	I
The post office at Split Rock , away , closed in 1943 , and Mrs. Peterson took up the task of handling the ranchers ' mail .	O
Clifford Gregory worked for several years , and Arthur McGill is presently in charge .	O
Operated for three generations and it has been family owned .	I
Gordon is owner of the Merlin Ranch east of Buffalo and is affiliated with the 48 Ranch Partnership in Kaycee .	O
The average family size was 3.04 , and the average household size was 2.68 .	I
The record low temperature was on February 8 , and the record high temperature was on July 14 , 1925 , 1936 .	I
Home to Northwest College and powell is an All-America City .	I
Another top destination is The Sheridan WYO Rodeo , which began in 1931 and is widely regarded as one of the top rodeos in the nation .	O
Fairly even throughout the year , but precipitation is heaviest in winter .	I
Several weeks were spent recounting events from the previous year and reveling in assorted amusements , while lubricated with liquor .	O
The record high temperature was on May 17 , 1902 , and the record low temperature was on January 12 , 1963 .	O
The first train arrived December 16 and by December the rails had reached Evanston .	I
Closed by the United States government in 1995 and it was opened by the Japanese Navy in 1943 .	I
The e2o is the REVA G-Wiz successor and was developed using REVA 's technology .	O
His wife Eliza Foley Hodgetts and edward Foley of Stoke Edith , Herefordshire Maria .	I
Artist , was born and buried at Saint-Ouen ,	O
Can still be used and the shelter still has electricity .	I
Indeed not even formal procedures for effective consultation , and instead , there were no federal political institutions .	I
Hannibal 's invasion of Italy ( 218 – 201 BC ) and the loose federation 's gravest test came with the Second Punic War .	I
In its heyday , 50 buses a week were overhauled there , and it was the most comprehensive bus overhaul operation in the world .	O
Access to the site after closure was difficult , and few images exist of the site after closure .	O
He received the BA degree from Principia College in 1955 and the Ph.D. from the University of Illinois in 1959 .	O
Expelled in 1955 and he was eventually released .	I
The Bridge Paso Horqueta is a monumental and picturesque wood bridge over the river .	O
It was a thorough job of go house to house across the district and so we were able to collect assets that today are on display .	O
Ended on November 19 and it began on March 12 .	I
An industrial area in the southwest with four subcommunities each and al Quoz consists of a mainly residential area in the northeast .	I
200 ( US $ 55 ) and a food allowance of Dh .	O
Did not set forth until the spring of 409 , and the army started mustering in the summer of 410 .	I
His father , Edward J. Booth , was a math professor and his mother , Marie G. Booth , a house maker .	O
Booth photographed the American Motorcycling Community and Culture from 1985 – present .	O
Its inhabitants work at low-scale agriculture and to subsistence cattle for subsistence .	O
From a Protestant background , and his mother is English .	I
The town was formerly called " Pastoreo " and is still commonly known by this name .	O
Sleeps with many of his servants and he has many mistresses including Lolita Luna .	I
Filipinos embrace American influence and admire the culture .	O
Was nominated for the National Book Award in 1991 and " Dogeaters " won an American Book Award in 1990 .	I
San Bernardino , the latter two being located on its shore , and the lake is surrounded by three cities : Areguá , Ypacaraí .	I
Became a trainee reporter on the " Peterborough Evening Telegraph " newspaper and he left college at the age of 17 with poor A Level results .	I
" My Wonderful Life " " and others included " Dark Ages .	I
In 2007 , the series was nominated for six Emmys , but again failed to gain a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series .	O
The Giants were able to capitalize , and the Cowboys began to play poorly .	I
Served as the DeKalb community representative on the Atlanta Regional Commission , and nate Mosby was also chairman of the DeKalb Community Relations Commission .	I
Latgawa dwellings were small brush shelters for warm months and constructed of sugar pine boards for cold months .	O
Like their neighbors , the Latgawa resisted encroachment on their lands and became embroiled in the bloody Rogue Wars of the 1850s .	O
These business rules can be created or operated by the business analytics .	O
Festivities are held countryside , and there is typical food .	I
The glider would return to land on the water , and at this point , the rope would be released .	I
In 1762 his friend Bute became prime minister , and george III came to the throne in 1760 .	I
She had great powers of observation from an early age , and a manuscript notebook survives in which she describes her circle .	O
Is the team 's captain and she wears the number 5 jersey .	I
Both started their careers at Varzim , and their second main clubs were F.C .	O
Jones signed as a free agent with the Boston Redsox and spent 2005 – 2009 in their minor league system .	O
An 89 – 93 miles per hour two-seam fastball and jones throws a 92 – 96 miles per hour fastball .	I
According to her , Harper " looked me straight in the eyes and told me he had no knowledge of an insurance policy offer .	O
Priddy went on to win , but retired after only one term .	O
She plays for Galatasaray Medical Park and wears the number 7 jersey .	O
Working actor based in New York and he is now a private drama coach .	I
Vocabulary while speaking is for technical reasons and competences tested are reading , writing , listening , grammar , excluded .	I
, for the central portion , fabric covered timber frame bodywork and the outer skin of the car comprised a combination of steel panels .	I
She is 186 cm and plays as setter .	O
Mel ( 6 ) & 2002 - 2006 ITV " Des " appearances	I
Praised the workers behind it and popular newspapers backed the campaign enthusiastically .	I
Hydrolyzes to GDP and beta tubulin binds GTP .	I
Did not compete that year but roger Federer was the defending champion .	I
He had no intention of repaying the debts , and used the money to finance various anti-capitalist movements .	O
Ivan Muravyov-Apostol left the service after the revolt and was then officially discharged in May 1826 .	O
World class entertainment is back and at the CN Tower .	O
Identifies the type of vehicle as shown in the following table and the background color of license plates varies according to the second letter .	I
The two planets have developed almost identically from creation — but World War II never happens on the twin Earth .	O
After 1893 , the firm by then known as Baker & Botts , was general counsel for the Southern Pacific .	O
It is within Alberta 's County of Vermilion River and Saskatchewan 's Rural Municipality of Frenchman Butte No .	O
Has also developed Type 2 diabetes and battie suffers from the genetic disorder haemochromatosis .	I
The area covered is 275 km and the population covered is 135,530 .	O
The 3,600 km figure was achieved with hours to spare , and with peak speeds down the Mulsanne Straight exceeding 140 mph .	O
Designed a new Spanish-Mediterranean home for Captain Baker and rice architect William Ward Watkin laid out the landscaping .	I
The " Fronteriza " plates were introduced in 1972 and are available in the Mexico-United States border zone .	O
Son James , Jr. coming out of the mountains , and reed met his wife Margret , his stepdaughter Virginia .	I
Joanna Olczak-Roniker ( born 12 November 1934 ) is a Polish writer and scenarist , co-founder of the Piwnica pod Baranami cabaret in Kraków .	O
After approximately it enters Grand Bassa County , and the river then continues to the southwest .	I
He also appeared as a character later in the , but did not appear in any of the animated series .	O
He took note of inclement and especially of freakish weather .	O
Sends soldiers to attack them and hammer is alerted to their presence .	I
The island is attacked by police helicopters and rhodes has convinced the police of his story .	I
In November 1875 Callender fell ill after attending an Orange Order demonstration , and was advised to travel to the south coast to aid his recovery .	O
64 buildings were destroyed , but no lives were lost .	I
Actual is Version 3.4 and is Open Source .	O
It was the first Hindi fiction series to reach 1000 episodes and is one of the longest television serials of Indian television .	O
Today the company that he created is called " Duro Felguera " and it has been traded on the Spanish stock exchange since 1902 .	O
Hejduk did not retaliate , and Ramirez was not reprimanded .	O
Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 and the buildings were restored in 1992 as the Bowie Railroad Museum .	I
He preached in Halifax for the following week in various Halifax churches and a year later the Salvation Army was officially established in Canada .	O
Surveys of these species can be conducted and then downloaded into a GIS system .	O
Boyd , D. M. , & Ellison , N. B .	O
Kiesler S. , & sproull , L. S. , B .	I
Everyone in the band is constantly watching each other 's eyes but there ’ s not normally more than two people leading .	O
Worked with great soloists , among which the famous Italian and as a matter of fact , he conducted important orchestras	I
Was released by Mark Stanway and it was recorded from the soundboard .	I
Than of static information nature ( e.g ) rather : silent videos containing much gestural information .	I
Was also their editor , often using the pseudonym Stander and from 1910 to 1953 he wrote regular articles in trade papers .	I
Moved to Southend United four months later before retiring in 1926 , but he left to join Welsh League club Pontypridd in January 1924 .	I
Formed a country – folk group that he called the Buckskin Boys , and during that time , Cohen taught himself to play the acoustic guitar .	I
Moved to Vancouver to pursue his dream of acting and when he was 21 , he dropped out of college .	I
Marissa is noted for not connecting with the camera , and Michelle is told she is too " frantic " .	O
Michelle takes the campy comedy too far , and Lina tries her hand at musical acting .	O
Quickly confessed to his crime and carrein was arrested the next day .	I
Close to major roadways or the subdivision was located along .	I
The leaving age 17 to 18 , and the age of admission was 9 .	I
Wagner was born in Fullerton , California , and grew up in Walla Walla , Washington .	O
They have always been vulnerable to shifts in river courses , but the swampy wet land helps the natural forest to regrow .	O
The Battle of Tamsui was an embarrassing defeat for the French , and Courbet seems to have realised the limitations of his subordinate commander .	O
It was described as a new species in 2007 , and is endemic to Chapada Diamantina in Bahia , Brazil .	O
Teacher 's Day is May 17 , University Day May 18 , and Mother 's Day is celebrated on the last Sunday of May .	O
Consumed later when or this hydrogen can be transported needed .	I
I knew she liked me but i didn 't have no money .	I
His faculty , and solomon Lea .	I
, when again mocked by Cordelia , is unperturbed and his calm handling of the incident significantly enhances his self-confidence .	I
The dark blue color is Pantone 301c and the dark red is Pantone 186c .	O
The print runs of these books are small too , and as might be expected , the audience is small .	I
Is hailed as one of the largest cultural activities in the region and the festival is frequently attended by members of the royal family of Jordan .	I
He fathered many children , including 45 sons , and all of the subsequent kings of Saudi Arabia .	O
Influence that Ibn Saud would use to advantage in the Hijaz and his newfound oil wealth brought with it a great deal of power .	I
Gaining appointment to the team is a rare , and there are seven Roulettes pilots at any given time distinction .	I
Play their first Test match later in 1992 and zimbabwe would gain full member status following the tournament .	I
The agreement specified that Croatia was to remain part of Yugoslavia , but it was hurriedly building an independent political identity in international relations .	O
Which include Leamington in their priority ( catchment ) area , or there are a number of schools either located within Leamington .	I
Crystal faces are often etched and pitted with triangular markings .	O
They are incompatible with one another , but both of these are useful definitions .	I
Chose to bat and australia won the toss .	I
India won the toss and chose to field .	O
Chose to bat and australia won the toss .	I
Has a capacity of approximately 100,000 units and the Luton plant currently employs around 900 staff .	I
A new Vauxhall Combo went on sale in late 2011 and a facelifted Corsa went on sale in early 2011 .	O
Has a capacity of approximately 100,000 units and the Luton plant currently employs around 900 staff .	I
In 2007 The regulations changed again and Vauxhall brought the Vectra back .	O
The county council was based at Kendal , rather than the historic county town of Appleby .	O
Roughly 5,900 eye injuries were reported , and 41 people lost their sight permanently .	O
Several employees were injured , but there were no fatalities .	O
It was set to music by Jim Parker and was recorded by folk singer John Kirkpatrick .	O
It was the first airliner to have retractable landing gear and was faster than any military aircraft of that time .	O
Flew to Sydney with Captain Frank Follett while her plane was repaired and six days later she damaged her aircraft while landing downwind at Brisbane airport .	I
The surface lander was identical to that of Vega 2 as well as the previous six " Venera " missions .	O
The first are the city councillors elected from single-member districts and the mayor elected at-large for the city of Saguenay .	O
Her tomb has not survived but must have been elaborate .	O
Was still offered only secondary parts but while at MGM , Prevost worked steadily .	I
The rabbis ' attention was drawn to the new teachings , and one of these gatherings in Landskron ended in a scandal .	I
Was presided over by Mikulski , and it was held in Lwów .	I
Imprisoned in the monastery of Częstochowa , and he was convicted of teaching heresy .	I
In 1175 , King Valdemar I built Vordingborg Castle as a defensive fortress and as a base from which to launch raids against the German coast .	O
President Kennedy was deeply dispirited and angered with the failure .	O
Degree in 1912 and a B.Sc .	O
Died on May 1 , 1970 and he retired from Bell Labs in 1950 .	I
The system is activated by exposure to allergens and may participate in the mechanisms of asthma .	O
Would eventually have eleven children and he soon married Johanna Henriette Kuchler .	I
Fitted with CIP ( Core Independent Peripherals ) and pic18 devices are still developed ( 2017 )	I
The Gros Morne National Park Reserve was established in 1973 , and was made a national park on October 1 , 2005 .	O
They had ten recorded children ) and cormick married Ann ( Ward .	I
Was partially demolished in 2006 and bainbridge elementary had a boiler explosion .	I
Reed graduated from Muskogee Central in 1950 , and enrolled at Northwestern University to study drama .	O
Goes to Munich 's artistic Bohemia , and he determines to be a painter .	I
He is a professor of communications at Bethany College and was elected mayor of the Town of Bethany .	O
She is Everyman , led astray and seeking the way back home .	O
It is a home to Gazpromavia and the cargo airline Shar Ink .	O
An edited version aired on BBC Four , and the full edition is available on DVD .	O
Helen Rhodes , and her husband .	O
Consecrated a bishop in the diocese of Stavanger in 1998 and he stayed in this position until becoming ordained as a priest .	I
Navy is fond of Rachel , and when he decides to leave male	O
Has an upside-down cross painted on his chest , and he wears a costume which resembles a chicken .	I
Good nonetheless , but not spectacular .	I
Distributed to the whole of the Chinese mainland , and it is printed simultaneously in many Chinese cities .	I
April to June in Colombia and slightly earlier in Venezuela .	O
Returned to Tangmere that year as a member of No , and he was promoted to flying officer on 27 January 1937 .	I
After stepping down from governorship , McMullen settled in Beatrice , Nebraska and continued to stay politically active while pursuing his own business interests .	O
The material will come in remastered versions and will also include the early catalogue .	O
Landed deep in the mud and several roofs fell off of homes .	I
He wanted to paint murals too , but the environmental conditions were not appropriate .	O
In 1873 Deering graduated from the United States Naval Academy and served as an officer in the Navy until 1881 .	O
Water rose more than from sea level and caused major flooding on the property .	O
He brings them to his home and the voice reveals to be Big Bear .	I
Brigade Major of 7th Armoured Brigade from 1962 until and he was temporary Equerry to the Queen from 1956 until 1959 1964 .	I
24.5 degrees E and elevation of .	O
Was instead provided by Independent Television News ( ITN ) and however , national news was not provided by the individual companies .	I
This look also marked the centralisation of continuity in the Carlton Television and Granada Television regions to London , with the exception of Wales .	O
Would win design awards in 1990 , and a new tile floor was installed .	I
Dobson never married nor had children .	O
Still valuable singing bell to examine , yet urth gives Peyton his own flawed .	I
She is something of a kleptomaniac , and her taste in clothing is atrocious .	I
A cobbler at the very peak of his trade and willard Tate is the patriarch of the Tate Shoe Company .	I
Mrs. Sofgienec Cardonlos is a police informant and Garrett 's neighbor across Macunado Street .	O
Posted a 7 – 4 mark in 2004 and the team finished its first season 5 – 7 .	I
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by Nav Canada and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) .	O
Speaks fluent English and he sings in Portuguese .	I
However , Drake accidentally puts Megan on the wrong flight , and she ends up en route to Los Angeles , California .	O
It contains a 78 % score from the audience , but the movie has no critic score on Rotten Tomatoes .	I
However , the Great Kanto earthquake of 1923 destroyed the upper floors , and damaged the whole tower so severely that it had to be demolished .	O
Could carry up to 10 persons each , and they served the first through eighth floors .	I
The base was inactivated on January 1 , 1950 and its real estate turned over to the Army .	O
Plans for this were canceled when the chain folded , but montgomery Ward 's building was slated for Jordan Marsh .	I
His name was misspelled in land deeds , and this misspelled name is still used today .	O
Jackie Gleason starred as her husband Ralph Kramden , and Art Carney as their upstairs neighbor Ed Norton .	O
Hockey is not part of the school 's varsity sports program but is run by the local youth hockey association in Jamestown .	O
Together they have two daughters and templeton is married to Julie Templeton .	I
The average family size was 2.84 , and the average household size was 2.38 .	I
Us 84 leads east to Brookhaven , and US 98 leads southeast to McComb .	O
It was incorporated in 1763 by Colonial Governor Benning Wentworth , and in 1773 , became the county seat of Grafton County .	O
The average family size was 2.80 , and the average household size was 2.29 .	I
The Wild Ammonoosuc River flows through the southern part of the town , and the Ammonoosuc River defines part of the northwestern boundary of the town .	I
The average household size was 2.10 , and the average family size was 2.76 .	O
Throughout the Mississippi Valley about 950 CE and the Mississippian culture had built earthwork mounds in this area , beginning .	I
Activated the 454th Bombardment Wing in its and in February 1963 , SAC inactivated the 4228th Strategic Wing , place .	I
16 people were killed , and 40 people were injured .	O
The average family size was 2.86 , and the average household size was 2.42 .	I
Rerouted mail to Greenville Cox to receive her salary , and roosevelt closed Indianola 's post office on January 2 , 1903 ; continued .	I
In February 1904 , the post office was reopened , but demoted in rank from third class to fourth class .	O
The average household size was 2.37 , and the average family size was 2.83 .	O
Freedmen after the Civil War and merchants served the planters ' families .	I
The median household income was $ 27,917 , and the median family income was $ 28,750 .	O
The average household size was 2.37 , and the average family size was 2.92 .	O
After the Civil War , Rutherford Ward founded the 1st Bank of Missouri and converted the Ward Plantation into Ward Estate where they focused on farming .	O
The average family size was 2.77 , and the average household size was 2.20 .	I
The average household size was 2.34 , and the average family size was 2.87 .	O
The average family size was 3.06 , and the average household size was 2.76 .	I
The average family size was 3.08 , and the average household size was 2.62 .	I
The average family size was 2.85 , and the average household size was 2.49 .	I
The average family size was 2.76 , and the average household size was 2.16 .	I
The average household size was 2.56 , and the average family size was 3.00 .	O
Gravel paths leading from home to home , but the town does not have paved sidewalks .	I
Powder Mill Pond is in the east , and Nubanusit Lake is on the western border .	O
The average household size was 2.26 , and the average family size was 2.71 .	O
A new high school was opened in 1998 , and however , the three buildings were still insufficient .	I
The average family size was 3.06 , and the average household size was 2.67 .	I
Farm produce was sent by rail to city markets , and in 1893 , the railroad came to New Boston .	I
The average household size was 2.36 , and the average family size was 2.89 .	O
The town is home to Ragged Mountain State Forest and Proctor Academy , a private coeducational preparatory school .	O
The average family size was 2.86 , and the average household size was 2.47 .	I
The average household size was 2.37 , and the average family size was 2.92 .	O
The average household size was 2.43 , and the average family size was 2.93 .	O
Fourth through sixth graders attend Maple Street School in Contoocook village , and kindergarten through third-grade students attend Harold Martin School in Hopkinton village .	I
The average household size was 2.70 , and the average family size was 3.05 .	O
These proprietors were led by Jonas Minot of Concord , Massachusetts , but the others were Scotch-Irish immigrants living in Londonderry , New Hampshire .	O
The average family size was 2.63 , and the average household size was 2.09 .	I
Constitutes 40 % of the overall workforce and the service sector employs more than 400 people .	I
The average household size was 2.60 , and the average family size was 2.98 .	O
The median family income was $ 30,313 , and the median household income was $ 31,250 .	I
The average family size was 3.07 , and the average household size was 2.69 .	I
A legend arose that Boone 's remains never left Missouri , and resentment in Missouri about the disinterment grew over the years .	I
The average family size was 2.95 , and the average household size was 2.38 .	I
Fourteen people were killed and dozens were injured .	O
The average household size was 2.43 , and the average family size was 2.78 .	O
The average household size was 2.44 , and the average family size was 2.92 .	O
The average household size was 3.02 , and the average family size was 3.33 .	O
The average family size was 2.70 , and the average household size was 2.31 .	I
Since 2017 , he has represented the Shamli constituency and is a member of the Bhartiya Janata Party .	O
Is a member of the Bhartiya Janata Party and since 2017 , he has represented the Budhana constituency .	I
He then matriculated at Cornell University , and graduated with the class of 1927 .	O
Were awarded regional polio free award and their work for Polio eradication was recognized .	I
Vaughan was born in Oklahoma , but raised in Denver , Colorado .	O
Pythagoras said he had none , but that he was a philosopher :	O
The association was founded in Henan province , and is responsible towards the Ministry of Culture .	O
As a group they were able to work to harmonize well together , but each one of the Fultz Sisters were different in their musical talents .	O
Physically on August 7 , 2017 by Republic Records , and it was released digitally on April 21 , 2017 .	I
Are made difficult by the exponential expansion of the hyperbolic plane but many challenges in the game would be trivial in a Euclidean world .	I
The pepper was announced in 2015 , and went on sale in Tesco stores .	O
Destroys it while doing so but greg goes to dry his sock .	I
They escape in the commotion , and notice Rodrick isn 't there .	O
The missions were mostly unsuccessful , and consider futile after the war .	O
Began performing in public at age seven , and she showed some early talent at piano .	I
It has a high tolerance for freshwater and is often found near river mouths .	O
/ ENTREVISTA / " BERTA VICENTE SALAS " .	I
Was the longest-serving mayor the history of the city , and he was mayor of Medford for six consecutive terms .	I
Were rarely punished except in a few cases of severe working conditions and however , in practice , plantation owners rarely provided these services to workers .	I
The pupils organised a strike but in 1914 the Higdons were dismissed .	I
Initially they worked on the village green and then in a carpenter 's shop .	O
Early visitors to the school were Sylvia Pankhurst and George Lansbury who opened the new building .	O
Began looking for a budget studio in which to record it and by early 1983 the band had an album 's worth of material .	I
Well as an academic program for students in grades 7-12 , as the Rock School offers residence accommodations for professional ballet students .	I
Choirmaster of the Serbian Singing Society of Sremska Mitrovica and his nephew Petar Krančević ( 1869-1919 ) was a composer .	I
Was a member of the Baltimore Ravens first Super Bowl and her uncle , Ben Coates , is retired from the NFL .	I
Features eight reworked Texas tracks along with four new songs and the album was released to celebrate the band 's 25th anniversary .	I
Went through three marriages and he was exiled two times .	I
The large mill at its confluence with the Little Piney and the stream was named for the water mills along its course .	I
Continued to do so in high school , and hashimoto began competing in amateur wrestling immediately .	I
Bakayoko is born in France and is of Ivorian descent .	O
Well as the struggle to connect with younger generations of women , as today , these communities are facing decline as the founders age .	I
As late as summer 2015 it still only contained about 60 residents , but by January 2016 the camp had expanded to more than 2000 people .	O
Construction of the building commenced on October 17 , 1917 and finished the following year on September 5 , 1918 .	O
In 1966 , he signed for Macclesfield Town , and it was here where he made his name .	O
Is found in the East Greenland Current and this water mass comes through the Fram Strait .	I
May have inspire the latter cartridge ’ s development and this cartridge is very similar to the .38 Long Colt .	I
The units must have someone in command and he must be an enlisted man .	O
He played college football at the Concordia College Alabama and attended Huffman High School in Birmingham , Alabama .	O
Its estimated useful life was 15 years and the satellite was based on the HS-601 platform .	I
Had fallen into disrepair and that site dated from 1840 .	I
Lord Mayor Robert Doyle described them as " urban clutter " but did not take any action in regards to banning them .	O
Soon after increased to 900 and it originally deployed approximately 350 bikes .	I
With AEK , he won the Greek Cup title , in 2018 , and also the Basketball Champions League title of the 2017 – 18 season .	O
Won an All-Ireland medal in 1981 and he subsequently joined the Cork under-21 team .	I
Graduated on 18 September 1967 as a Line Ensign and he entered the Hellenic Navy Academy on 20 September 1963 .	I
Was promoted to Commander on 12 April 1984 , and he attended the Naval War School in 1983 .	I
The monument is fragile and is slowly decaying .	O
In Classics in 1983 , and her PhD in 1987 .	O
Simona Halep was the defending champion , but chose not to participate this year .	O
She is also a cousin of the hotelier and founder of Aman Resorts , Adrian Zecha .	O
Placed 5th in the Gundam Versus tournament and voice actress Kana Ueda was also in attendance .	I
In animal science and an M.S .	O
Also dropped to number 4 on the Americana / Folk Albums , and in its second week , the album dropped to number 24 .	I
The 1st Runner-up competed at Miss World 1988 , and the Miss Ecuador competed in Miss Universe 1989 .	I
Charged with participating in a nationalistic terror organization and on 4 December 1934 Pluzhnyk was arrested by NKVD .	I
This back-arc activity is associated with large transversal faults and appears to be linked to crustal delamination processes .	O
His army and surrender of Johnston .	I
Papal diplomat in several European during the early and 1552 – Rome 6 August 1603 ) was an Italian aristocrat capitals Counterreformation .	I
" Chakla " means an administrative division under the Province and " dar " means owner , head of something .	O
Joined fellow League Two club Crawley Town and he was released after one year at Colchester .	I
East to US 183 , its current route and on October 31 , 1957 , FM 23 extended south completing .	I
Brought Emmylou Harris home to meet Fayssoux and one night , John visited a Georgetown club .	I
Will only emerge at night and it will dig into the hole .	I
The shooting in Catia left two dead and four seriously injured from gunshot wounds .	O
The third to be held in Austria and it was the 91st UCI Road World Championships .	I
He entered the Inner Temple to study law and was called to the bar in 1867 .	O
He played cornerback on defense , and sometimes lined up at safety .	O
John Hoyle was the son and heir of Thomas Hoyle .	O
The cave is spacious and has square pillars .	O
Ranked 43rd in the final standing , and she didn 't qualify round one .	I
She served as three times as Vice-President of the Academy and donnelly was elected to membership of The Royal Irish Academy 1968 .	I
His parents no longer recognize him , but afterwards , Kazuki reaches his home .	I
Launched from a mortar as a shell ( aerial salute ) ) or the salute may be fired on the ground ( ground salute .	I
The Yak-27R entered service with the Soviet Air Force in 1960 and was intended to replace the subsonic Ilyushin Il-28 reconnaissance aircraft .	O
It was founded in 1936 by Nguyễn Lộc , but at that time it was silent until 1938 .	O
Excelled at the box office and the film was a critical success .	I
Feature an array of Marvel 's most popular characters and the stories would be independent from the Marvel 616 Universe .	I
Team play can involve up eight people , but more typically involves four to five players .	O
To accommodate the expanded counter mix provided by the new counter sheets , and many rules were updated to better combine with the various expansion products .	I
, by 1783 , the siege was finishing and under great duress , the Garrison held its position .	I
His furniture sold off by his heirs and his personal estate was probated by 27 July .	I
Reburied at , East Sussex and in 1790 , his body was disinterred Heathfield .	I
Immediately after defeating the giant guardian , Hai turns around and descends the staircase , heading out of the pagoda .	O
It did not feature the Ji Han-jae fight , and the Singaporean version ended with Billy 's arrest .	I
Chen beats up the man and his friends in anger .	O
Disappointed , Chen asks what help he can be , but Tang confidently assures her that he is capable enough .	O
Arrest the boss as he tries to kill Tang , and then the police drive up , led by Chen .	I
The radar showed 11 definite targets and indicated the presence of others .	O
Evaded a Japanese hunter-killer group and on 25 February , she sighted .	I
" Sea Devil " picked up three survivors and moved south to patrol in another area .	O
David Gerrold performed an uncredited rewrite , but little of his material was used .	O
Is buried in the cemetery of Saint-Servan , and he died in 1922 , in Rome .	I
Commissioned on 16 July 1923 with Lieutenant Paul R. Glutting in command , and she was launched on 20 June 1919 sponsored by Miss Mildred Bulger .	I
Resumed the hunt and " S-37 " reloaded .	I
The series was canceled six months later with issue # 62 , and the changes were largely reviled by " Power Pack " readers .	I
In late 2000 , the foursome took on their initial stage names and recorded their debut album , " Sounding the Seventh Trumpet " .	O
By age 18 , he had won a New York State championship as well as a gold medal in the Dubrovnik 1950 Chess Olympiad .	O
Operates in more than thirty others and it has offices in 41 countries worldwide .	I
Shows little interest in sports and he is not at all athletic .	I
Greatly reduced its cost and this shortened the development time .	I
Is the subject of wider study to verify this data and this was found to be effective in children in Hong Kong .	I
Petty criminal who refused to acknowledge his son and bernhard 's natural father Alois Zuckerstätter was a carpenter .	I
Nicholas a baron of the Exchequer , and robert became Chancellor of the Exchequer .	I
Neville 's pleas prevailed for a time , but eventually de Burgh was removed from sanctuary .	O
Applied in clinical practice with favorable results and some of those techniques have been scientifically studied .	I
Becomes the only friend who knows his secret and she learns Kaito 's identity as the Kaito Kid .	I
She fell in love with Kuroba Toichi and married him , retiring from robbery .	O
He died in Chicago , Illinois , and was buried in Rosehill Cemetery there .	O
In 1958 the British Transport Commission reappraised the speed of the programme , and the decision was taken to accelerate the disposal of the steam fleet .	O
Woodham Brothers continued dealing as scrap metal merchants , and continued scrapping locomotives on behalf of British Railways .	O
He read law with his father and was admitted to the bar .	O
Gray died at home in Houston of tuberculosis , and is buried in the Glenwood Cemetery in Houston .	O
The team suspended operations in 2002 and moved to Duluth in 2003 .	O
The first such title not to appear under the Infocom label , and it is the eleventh game in the " Zork " series .	I
The company started taking pitches in earnest in 1993 and received over 5,000 pitches for the 48 slots .	O
Block realizes what has happened and all the planes ' weapons fail .	I
The tower impales the Star Destroyer and it crashes into Nar Shaddaa .	O
Was shut down in December 2011 and the game was not released outside Japan .	I
Earned him the Unesco Prize for Peace Education in the same year and this initiative supported by many intellectuals in Israel has attracted over 500 people .	I
Relational aggression has been studied amongst girls but not so much amongst adult women .	O
He finished fifth in his heat and failed to make the quarterfinals .	O
Served in the Red as a and during the Russian Civil War , he was mobilized Army noncombatant .	I
Sent into exile and in 1927 released early .	I
Divya reciprocates his love and they get married .	O
The agreement became effective on September 29 , 1922 , and the Congress of Mexico ratified the treaty in September .	I
Cons his way into a boilerman job and recently unemployed Joe Mackins arrives at the hotel .	I
Close first played the titular character in a 1982 stage production and spent 15 years trying to turn it into a film .	O
In 1915 , around 120,000 Flexible Fliers were sold , and almost 2,000 Flexible Flyers were sold in one day .	O
Her output since has been prodigious and she continues her work today .	O
His men awaited the Neapolitan army , and he was to lead the army .	I
His father is a former union electrician and his mother a real estate agent .	O
" I don 't agree " , Priebus told " The Washington Examiner " .	O
Graduated in 2010 with a degree in business and tarver played for the Oregon State Beavers in college .	I
In 2013 Tarver signed with Rizing Fukuoka and began his basketball career in Japan .	O
It is commonest in upper montane forest , but also occurs in the lower montane zone .	O
By the second show the ratings dropped to 1.3 million , but on his first show 2.1 million U.S. viewers tuned in .	I
That month , the show was also down 27 % in total viewers and 38 % in the demo from its January 17 , 2011 debut .	O
May associate with oaks although its mycorrhizal status is , and fruit bodies of " Tricholosporum violaceum " grow on the ground , unknown .	I
Meter ) United States Pavilion , constructed largely from glass and steel , was designed by Canadian architect Clive Grout .	O
Directed " Ennamma Kannu " with Sathyaraj and after a gap , he changed his name .	I
Raised in and andrew Rivkin was born Toronto .	I
His wife Martha the of Benjamin Harrison from Clapham Common , and hankey was the son of Thomson Hankey from Portland Place in London , daughter .	I
" Doctor Lautrec and the Forgotten Knights	O
During the Kentucky Campaign , Schaefer was on sick leave and his regiment was led by Lieutenant Colonel Bernard Laiboldt .	O
His men were soon on the front lines and eventually began to run low on ammunition .	O
It is the first full service mall and the largest in Northern Panay island .	O
Only entities within the United States , depending on the state or the related entities included in the unitary combination may be worldwide entities .	I
9-0 and the votes were 7-2 , respectively .	I
Is part of a network of European long-distance footpaths traversing the Alps , and the GTA originated from a similar trail in France established about 1970 .	I
Is published by Elsevier and it was established in 1991 .	I
Five members were absent with apologies and a total of eight members were present .	I
By the time of the Rákóczi it was depopulated , and the village was inhabited by Turks for some time .	I
This letter having been communicated to the judges , they assembled , and after consultation the letter already mentioned was sent to the king .	O
Mary married Sir Francis Stydolph ( d . 1655 ) and was the mother of Sir Richard Stydolph , Baronet .	O
Academic of Jesus College , Cambridge from 1701 and charles Ashton ( 1665 – 1752 ) was an English churchman , Master .	I
Moses arrested , identified as the mugger by Samantha and fleeing the aliens , the gang are intercepted by two policemen is .	I
She was formally stricken from the naval register on 31 March 1931 , and she was sold for scrapping on 29 August , for 61,500 Reichsmarks .	O
Was damaged by mines during the Battle of the Gulf of Riga , and she supported the German drive on Libau in April – May 1915 .	I
Is endemic to Natal , South Africa and it was described by Edward Meyrick in 1917 .	I
She has also been a Woodrow Wilson Fellow and an American Association of University Women grantee .	O
The survivors were taken on to Thunder Bay and on November 9 , " Athabasca " was intercepted .	I
Was promoted to Beşiktaş A team by Bernd Schuster and ali Kuçik signed a contract extension on 18 January 2010 .	I
Late that same year , Spaltro signed with Mom + Pop Music and released the album " After " on March 3 , 2015 .	O
A member of the Manchester Estate Council from 1931 to 1933 and she was a member of the Royal Committee on Licensing in 1929 .	I
Shena Simon was co-author with her husband Ernest Simon , William Alexander Robson and John Jewkes of the 1937 book " Moscow in the Making " .	O
Developed his own distinctive Expressionist style but he was greatly influenced by the Impressionists .	I
Tácio signed with Paysandu in 2004 , but left the club after two months .	O
It was established in 1959 and is published by Elsevier .	O
" Tropical cyclones and tornadoes in Pakistan	O
As a member of the state House of Representatives between 1832-1837 , and he served as assistant secretary of the Maine Senate in 1831 .	I
Was admitted to the Georgia State Bar in 1878 . and instead , he changed his course of study to law	I
The extended Bryan family later settled in Brazoria County , and his parents operated a sugar plantation called Peach Point .	O
Born near Quitman , Mississippi , Gillespie attended private schools and graduated from Mansfield College , Texas , in 1885 .	O
Gillespie won the game of lots , and was nominated on the 7201st ballot .	O
He moved to Houston in 1895 and continued the practice of law .	O
In Washington , D.C and he attended public schools there .	I
At a second house in Austin and patman spent his last years in Ganado .	I
He attended the common schools , and Prairie Seminary , in Richland .	O
Was succeeded by Henry Smith of the Union Labor Party , and he declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1886 .	I
Nonetheless , it is one of his best-known and most popular tunes , considered a classic .	O
He missed the Championship 4 but finished 5th in points .	O
Loos is a Dutch and Low German surname .	O
" GOD BLESS THEM AND THEIR BICYCLE CLIPS "	O
Campolina bred her to a pure Andalusian stallion , and the mare was Brazilian , of Barb ancestry .	I
The herdbook was closed in 1934 and the breed standard first defined .	O
The lips should be full and taut about the teeth .	O
Most of the XI Corps was taken by surprise and broke for the rear without firing a shot .	O
Sanitation in and " Water supply Ethiopia	I
It has no legal mandate concerning drinking water supply and formally the MWE 's mandate covers only water resources management .	I
For example , pygmy possums in the chute of a grain silo ; or pardalotes in the top , horizontal pipe of a children 's swing .	O
Shirvani was reputed as politically disloyal person and soon he was discharged from teaching .	O
Still plays on the Canadian Tour but he does not play in Asia anymore .	I
Can be very stubborn but they have a placid temperament .	I
During World War II , Austin enlisted in Melbourne and served as a Flying Officer with the RAAF .	O
As with many schools , Assumption College resumed classes in quonset huts and in a battered auditorium in the ruins of the Herran campus .	O
It put him in further bad stead with the Catalans , but the details of the assistance he gave them are unknown .	I
The Speaker is also responsible for maintaining order during debate , and may punish members who break the rules of the House .	O
Arrived at Pearl Harbor on 3 November and on 14 October she departed Sasebo for Hawaii .	I
Gained that of Border Development , and polye retained the Treasury portfolio .	I
Over time however , the significance of the box is forgotten and the succession is broken when the seventh mayor suddenly dies .	O
Its head office remains the same , and the company still publishes educational books .	I
The player characters interact with the events and by doing so affect future events .	O
Thy was densely populated in the bronze age and has a great number of burial mounds .	O
The incident was caught on camera and is included in the documentary .	O
Dropping one would usually break the bulb , and dents would often lead to frequent replacement .	O
Udai Singh later gained the favour of the Emperor and was made the Raja of Marwar in 1583 .	O
Is next to the sheltered mooring of Lawrence Cove and the village is located on the north of the island .	I
He was ordained as the " Mathādhipati " in 1720 and served as the head till his death in 1757 .	O
Well as the lack of transparency surrounding its base data analysis , as critics have also identified flaws with the FSI 's measurement criteria .	I
He knows the language of every animal and he has special commando training taken from experts .	I
He was a Privy Councillor by 11 July 1458 and made a Lord Auditor in 1469 / 70 .	O
The two were very impressed with her performance and booked her to do a record demo .	O
Five of the positions were already filled , but there were ten aldermen on city council :	I
If the build fails , the developer is notified and can fix the code before trying another check-in .	O
He ruled Verona , who was then in bankruptcy and forced to accept the protectorate of Bernabò Visconti .	O
Year Thirteen was previously known as the 7th form and students will be studying towards NCEA Level 3 .	O
Lord Chesterfield , Introduction and Notes by David Roberts	O
He published his results in " The Lancet " and he found that this remarkably reduced the incidence of gangrene .	I
The company was founded by Roy Morgan and began air medical operations in 1980 .	O
Flight tracking division of Air Methods / and aircom is the dispatching / coordinating .	I
He quickly rose through the ranks and was subsequently appointed lieutenant general .	O
After four years service he retired , and became active in St. Petersburg government .	O
Miller 's body was photographed and then buried in Northfield .	O
However , he found his chances limited in the top-flight , and left the club by mutual consent on 21 January 2005 .	O
The indigenous population soon rebelled against excessive Spanish demands , but the rebellion was quickly put down in April 1530 .	O
He returns to his seat and activates the rescue beacon .	O
Commercially available confetti come in many different shapes , and confetti are made in a variety of colors .	I
It was his first and only asteroid discovery .	O
As a Radical Republican he opposed President Johnson 's Reconstruction agenda , and was the House 's lead manager in the Johnson impeachment proceedings .	O
He ordered the immediate arrest of the petitioners and executed the alleged leaders of the protest .	O
The album was co-mixed by Tom Gabriel Fischer , and was released in Europe on 25 May 2009 .	O
Thanom left the monkhood , but never again entered politics .	O
Served from July 31 , 1954 to January 3 , 1957 , and she was subsequently re-elected to a term in her own right .	I
The term Abbevillian is still used , but it is now restricted to Europe .	O
Not at , the end of the Lower Palaeolithic ( 2.5 mya , but the Abbevillian is a phase of Olduwan that occurred in Europe near .	I
Bass concertinas transpose two octaves down , and piccolo concertinas play one octave up .	O
Pagels completed her Ph.D. in 1970 , and joined the faculty at Barnard College .	O
Below the image to fully recover the 576 lines of vertical resolution and a PALplus receiver can use extra information hidden in the black bars above .	I
Welcomed among the gods for his heroic exploits and heracles was then taken to Mount Olympus by Zeus .	I
Portugal laid claim to it , and then traded it to Spain .	O
The former is seen to be more legitimate than the latter , and all property of the wife passes to the husband upon marriage .	O
Currently is playing with Los Brujos de Guayama in Puerto Rico and ramos later played for the Piratas de Quebradillas , Capitanes de Arecibo .	I
Is responsible for the macroscopically observed conductivity of the polymer , and the bipolaron moves as a unit along the polymer chain .	I
Grossed $ 23 million in its opening weekend and the film opened in 3,472 theaters in North America .	I
Has been a French junior minister under Jacques Chirac and he is currently a member of the Senate of France .	I
Nouns do not have plurals , and verbs do not have tenses .	I
Demolished Rosenblatt once the new downtown stadium was completed and the adjacent Henry Doorly Zoo purchased control of the land .	I
They are separated soon after by Selene , but madelyne helps Nate adjust to this reality .	I
Is mysteriously healed by a doctor who has had contact with Nate , but the next day , Jam loses an arm in a motorcycle crash .	I
That reality 's real Madelyne had died , but it was said she would return again .	O
He also crushed the whole city of San Francisco de Quito , Ecuador while asleep in Buenos Aires , Argentina over 2600 miles away .	O
It is the capital of the department of Baja Verapaz and it is situated at 940 m above sea level .	O
Kayb 'il B 'alam finally surrendered the city to the Spanish and after a siege lasting several months the Mam were reduced to starvation .	I
Visited other dimensions , and he battled Klaw .	I
Lockheed has since become Kitty 's longtime companion , and the X-Men accept his presence in the X-Mansion .	I
His eyes are once again without pupils and he no longer stands on his hind legs .	I
She tells Tlotoxl that she is not Yetaxa but warns him not to tell the people .	O
Sacrifices the Perfect Victim to end the naturally-occurring eclipse and as they depart , Tlotoxl is very much in control .	I
Hydroxyzine crosses the blood – brain barrier easily and exerts effects in the central nervous system .	O
Bomba is both a traditional dance and musical style of Puerto Rico .	O
Today has evolved into a community expression of Afro-Puerto Rican culture but its origins are rooted in the island 's history of African slavery .	I
Isabel strengthened to a hurricane on September 7 , and the following day it attained major hurricane status .	O
One car was swept away , and a few houses were flooded .	O
He searched for more spacious and more comfortable car greenhouses .	O
Coupe ( 1989 ) and roadster named R.Z .	O
Provides courts the means to interpret laws and article Three of the Constitution creates the judiciary .	I
Rather uses " mystical participation " to manipulate the world , but the primitive mind does not differentiate the supernatural from reality .	I
Devlin then gave Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ( MGM ) control over the franchise , and MGM decided to make a TV series based on the movie .	O
Could be so heavy that it would not even lift itself but a very large engine may be able to generate a huge thrust .	I
No " Gnathostoma " has yet been identified in the US , but " Monopterus albus " is an invasive species in North America .	I
Death follows quickly and there is no cure .	I
Children ages 10 14 of age and the high incidence of infection was prevalent in females – years .	I
May present with signs of secondary syphilis ( i.e , but newborns will typically not develop a primary syphilitic chancre .	I
She fought her amateur fights under Billingsley 's tutelage and started fighting as a professional for RPM Promotions .	O
He joined University of Pennsylvania during the 1970s and served as a Professor of Physical Biochemistry .	O
Graduated from Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem in 1974 and he earned a master 's degree in science in 1971 .	I
Theatre productions perform regularly at the local Teatro Bergidum , and there is a local multiplex cinema with seven screens .	O
Agre rose to full professor in 1992 and remained at Johns Hopkins until 2005 .	O
On 11 April 1953 the Melbourne Building was severely damaged by fire , and the college relocated ( it eventually became the Australian National University ) .	O
His mother was distantly related to the novelist George Eliot but kept quiet about this because of her bohemian lifestyle .	O
His first poetry appeared in Robert Blatchford 's " Clarion " , and he contributed verse to periodicals for the rest of his life .	O
He had a great love for the Kent countryside and this is reflected in much of his writing .	O
Precipitation is very low , and mostly falls in winter .	O
" Hollow " ( feat ) and brett Gurewitz of Bad Religion .	I
Was buried on 10 June that year in Saffron Walden , and he died at Suffolk House , Charing Cross , London .	I
Operated by SCECGS Redlands Limited — a public limited by guarantee and since the Sydney Anglican SCEGGS schools collapse , Redlands has been independently owned company .	I
He was by this time deeply in debt , and suffered from bouts of increasingly severe clinical depression .	O
Includes the hydro-atomized droplet size and repeatability is the key to aeroponics .	I
With the use of aeroponics , growers cloned and transplanted air-rooted plants directly into field soil .	O
A demand for aeroponic growing in the hobby market had been established and moreover it was thought of as the ultimate hydroponic growing technique .	O
Shooting them releases droplets , which may be collected , and each level has bouncing spheres of a different colours .	I
Renewed three times and the convention was renegotiated .	I
He was curator of early shows , and influenced emerging artists as a teacher .	O
On 27 June 2018 she was appointed Mayor of Amsterdam and began serving a six-year term on 12 July 2018 .	O
On 27 June 2018 she was appointed Mayor of Amsterdam and began serving a six-year term on 12 July 2018 .	O
Well as make difficult the monitoring of disease progression as use of this procedure can preclude use of other procedures .	I
Each fetus remains connected to its primary source of blood and nutrition , the placenta , through the umbilical cord .	O
She is now fully restored as a museum ship and can be visited at Mikasa Park in Yokosuka .	O
Made the mansion the comfortable house it is and it was this couple who laid out the topiary gardens today .	I
The gas cost divided by 0.4913 , i.e minus the spark spread value is therefore the power price .	I
It was partly piped in the mid-20th century , and the connection was later broken by housing development .	O
Cultural center located in Ebisu and yebisu Garden Place is a shopping .	I
The change in environment also engenders a change in lava type , and the lava from this stage is mostly fragmented into volcanic ash .	O
These lavas commonly fill and overflow the caldera .	O
He ruled the Qasim Khanate for much of his life and three times tried to rule the Khanate of Kazan .	O
It was transported for display outside the museum on certain rare occasions , but the locomotive remained on display in this location for nearly 80 years .	I
The flowers are solitary or arranged in racemes .	O
A largely agrarian society , Neutral farmsteads were admired and marveled over by European leaders writing reports home .	O
The remains of 19 longhouses and the searches have recovered 30,000 artifacts .	I
Waited for two days to battle each other but the two armies arrived at the plain of Sentinum .	I
The locals attacked them and killed 1,000 men .	O
Has developed into a radical-left newspaper with the following mission statement , but " Klassekampen " was founded in 1969 with a Marxist-Leninist-Maoist platform :	I
He knew the meaning of the word terrible , and he knew the meaning of the word purpose .	O
" Matches in last 12 months , as well as any future scheduled matches "	O
Each member engaged in new projects , and soon after , the band broke .	I
Normal engine operation is resumed and the intake valve is likewise reactivated .	I
As anti-foaming agents in engine oil are depleted , air may become entrained or dissolve in the oil , delaying the timing of hydraulic control signals .	O
The Greek geographers recorded it as " Kossyra " ( ) and " Kossyros " ( ) , which became the Latin .	O
Montagna Grande is slowly sinking , and currently the island is subsiding .	I
Launched in 2012 but currently discontinued .	O
The Terraza was discontinued after the 2007 model year , and GM 's Doraville plant closed on 26 September 2008 .	O
The airport is the well known Maria Montez International Airport , and it is located about 10 minutes from the city center .	O
The album , re-titled " Hot City " , was finally remastered and released for the first time in 2009 by Major League Productions .	O
In January 1843 the Hamersley set sail for France , and he appointed an agent to manage his affairs in the colony , family .	I
Lasted approximately 6 months and construction started in early 2014 .	I
Appointed the Minister of Finance and she was first elected in 2005 .	I
There is little research conducted along these lines and however , this is a recent shift in paradigm .	I
Protected his beloved friend and govindan winked at the crime .	I
He published a few journalism pieces in the " National Post " and worked on an unpublished novella , " Kali 's Dance " .	O
9 Ford fielded by Melling Racing , and had an eighth-place finish at Talladega .	O
A reconstruction filter may be of identical design and in systems that have both , the anti-aliasing filter .	I
Perhaps embedded within " Podophyllum or " Diphyllaea " is closely related to . "	I
French 's lifetime ban was ultimately exonerated on appeal and Brown himself was never charged with any offense .	O
Are then subsequently translated into the four proteins essential for LCMV and the mRNA strands are capped by the RNA-dependent , RNA-polymerase in the cytoplasm assembly .	I
The Baltimore Colts moved to the AFC East and were replaced by the New Orleans Saints .	O
Eventually however , the plan is aborted and Claudia births the incomplete God herself .	O
After she leaves James pursues her at Maria 's request , and she is next seen at the bowling alley with Eddie .	I
She speaks in riddles and is always barefoot .	O
A former member of the Order and is the abusive father of Claudia Wolf .	I
Registered sex offender and is a child molester .	I
Vumc is an independent non-profit organization , but maintains academic affiliations with Vanderbilt University .	O
Settled on a ranch near Brownwood and in 1883 Banister married Mary Ellen Walker .	I
They raced to the finish and said passed Papis after the mistake .	I
Was by far the largest event on the Australian touring car calendar and this took place from the 9th to the 12th of October , 2008 .	I
His winnings were garnished and placed into escrow .	O
The first company founded to provide software products and services was Computer Usage Company in 1955 .	O
Kublai Khan appears at the bottom of the tree , and genghis Khan appears in the middle of the tree .	I
His family owned the " New York Herald Tribune " and , before that the " New York Tribune " .	O
Surrendered to the British at the end of the war in 1945 , and it withdrew into Norway when the Germans evacuated Finland in late 1944 .	I
Atkinson was an early supporter of Jimmy Carter in 1976 but in 1980 , Atkinson endorsed Ted Kennedy for President .	O
Remained the Prime Minister of Mauritius and saj also won the 1991 General Election .	I
The EMD 645 family of diesel engines was designed and manufactured by the Electro-Motive Division of General Motors .	O
Discuss further some of their properties which follow from the definition and in this section we will briefly review the definition of the functions .	I
A two-time ACC Defensive Player of the Week and in addition , Wheeler was a second-team All-ACC selection .	I
Bonnie Bernstein were selected to announce the game , and brad Nessler , Bob Griese , Paul Maguire .	I
Became a prominent candidate for inclusion in the national championship game and with the victory over Tennessee , Auburn reeled off another four victories .	I
Williams also had the most rushing touchdowns in Auburn history ( 45 ) and was Auburn 's leading scorer in school history ( 276 points ) .	O
The pass was the longest play of the game , and drove the Tigers inside the Virginia Tech red zone .	O
Tech attempted a two-point conversion , but the pass attempt fell incomplete .	O
It aired on ITV on 1 January 2005 and was released on DVD 9 days later .	O
In August 2009 , Barlow parted ways with the Tigers and signed a one-year deal with Spanish club CAI Zaragoza .	O
The community is situated upon Panmure Island and derives its name from this island .	O
It had been snowing in Harrisburg , off and on , for the previous two days .	O
It comprises two primary buildings , one facing the Boston Post Road , and the other facing Palmer Avenue , with an enclosed footbridge connecting them .	O
Sébastien Bourdais was the pole sitter and Justin Wilson won the race .	O
The Air Force was geared for internal security and the civil war ended in mutual exhaustion in 1990 .	I
Received praise from many critics and " Intruder " was a success .	I
He made them on only a very limited basis , and le Bihan was the only maker of the instrument .	I
They could be air-dropped fully assembled in a special shock-absorbing crate or both versions could be broken down into 5 loads for parachute operations .	I
Miami scored the game 's final 10 points to close the scoring , but florida got within 27 – 20 following a Jeff Chandler field goal .	I
By 1913 attendance at Mechanics Institute had reached 2,300 , and generous gifts came in from other members as well .	I
Ohio State 's defense was stout throughout the contest , and they held on to win , 24 – 14 .	O
In 2007 they took third place in the regional playoffs and were promoted to the JFL for the 2008 season .	O
In 1938 enrolled at Goldsmiths College which she attended for one term , and eardley trained at the local art school in Blackheath for two terms .	I
Was married to a prominent Scottish barrister in in and eardley had first met Walker , who was ten years older than her , 1952 Glasgow .	I
Old generations were studied in this school and it was fully malayalam medium school .	O
It was released to Australian radio on 25 February and will have a physical release on 29 March .	O
" tulou " dating to the Ming Dynasty ( 13681644 ) or the Chuxi Tulou cluster ( ) is a group of earthen structures .	I
Could be stored prior to exposure and this type of plate was commercially prepared .	I
He has gone on to play professional baseball , and levale Speigner was part of the 1999 team .	I
The album is called ' Trio ' and is released on Alex Wilson Records .	O
Became king upon Joanna 's death in 1435 and his brother René of Anjou succeeded to the claim .	I
In addition to rejecting faulty containers , inspection equipment gathers statistical information and relays it to the forming machine operators in the hot end .	O
The doppelgänger suddenly appears and charges towards Lara .	O
Developed by the then society jeweler in 1979 and the black membership badges were created by Dan Jordan .	I
A characteristic mineral for this facies and the pyroxene-hornblende facies is orthopyroxene .	O
Meta-igneous rocks or in KO-poor sediments :	I
Began stunting with all-Patriotic music as " 92.7 The Patriot and on July 2 , 2018 , KWME dropped its classic hits format . "	I
Died in Los Angeles , California and she was born in Seattle , Washington .	I
Was released with coach Raymond Berry after the 1989 season but dick Steinberg was general manager of the Patriots in the 1980s .	I
The area is extremely valuable for bird-watchers and there are relatively important hiking paths .	O
For some time the line was the main route in the area , and both were taken over by the powerful North British Railway in 1865 .	I
Especially in the narrow Leven valley this was seen as objectionable , and the new line would have closely paralleled the existing NBR lines .	I
He was born in New York City , New York and died in Hollywood , California from a heart attack .	O
Christ lives in the Christian , and the Christian lives in Christ .	I
“ I have said elsewhere that Jesus is the Messiah of Judaism and that He can only be understood as the Messiah of Judaism .	O
Is a privately owned residence and his Randolph Center home still stands .	I
The race started in Oberhof , Germany , and ended in Val di Fiemme , Italy .	O
The album is dedicated to the moon and its 12 " metaphysical seas " .	O
Mccarron then completed three consecutive passes to Kevin Norwood and moved the ball to the LSU 28-yard line .	O
At the tournament , she played as captain and she became top scorer with 12 goals .	O
He relinquishes the lead to 14K and turns off to find York .	O
Was decorated with the French Legion of Honor and during World War I he wrote about the war .	I
Held to secure a close three-set win over Raonic and federer found a break point late in the third set .	I
Flew past him to a straight-sets win in less than an hour , and contrary to their previous matchup , Federer faced no challenge from Benneteau .	I
Clinched a tight first set after a short rain delay , and federer next played Uzbek Denis Istomin in the third round .	I
Made practical application of the theory and wilson paid close attention to these developments .	I
Lost to the candidate of the Popular Democratic Party , Luis Meléndez , but santana ran for mayor of Vega Baja at the 2000 general elections .	I
Became an Arts Administrator in 1961 and he joined the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust .	I
In addition , Melvin Ray transferred from Alabama and will be eligible for the 2013 season .	O
Remained there until April 1917 when it moved to Abbeville in France , and in October 1916 the 3rd AGH was transferred to Brighton in England .	I
Left the AIF the next month and she arrived back in Australia in August .	I
Became the Royal Australian Army Nursing Corps , and in 1951 the RAANS achieved corps status .	I
First , to Mattie Greenslate in 1884 , and second , to Anna Duff in 1895 .	O
Declared historic buildings of Hangzhou are districts , artifacts or buildings legally declared to be " protected " .	O
No sympathy with Buddhism or usually such men had little .	I
It is one of the tallest buildings and a major commercial center of Bangalore .	O
The structural engineer was Kamal N Hadkar and the architect of the building was Atul Sharma .	I
Johnson was a prolific performer and supporter of live music .	O
Taught sacred scripture for the seminarians and then he came back to the seminary .	I
Is associated with specific genetic mutations of the PCDH19 gene , and however , the disorder has a distinct evolution of symptoms .	I
Very few have been recovered from the Guatemalan Highlands and it is unlikely they were ever manufactured there .	O
Are members of the Evangelical Alliance , and both churches are evangelical in outlook .	I
Initiated by the council or these were either been facilitated .	I
Despite this the development was completed and was the subject of praise .	O
Manor lasted the 2016 season and used Mercedes-Benz power units .	O
The race was subsequently red-flagged and the safety car was brought out .	I
It was cast in fourteen sections , and took almost two years to finish .	O
It has been recorded in western Montana but these sightings may have been misidentifications .	O
Has a 11-year-old daughter Sera & sanyal is married to Nikita Sanyal .	I
Many concerns from the medical community would be alleviated , and the potential for off-target cell modification would be limited .	I
Played her last season for the Muskegon Belles ( 1953 ) ) and she later was part of the Battle Creek Belles ( 1952 .	I
Was previously a minority owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and haslam is the owner of Pilot Flying J travel centers .	I
Served as an assistant at the collegiate level prior to that , and hauck was on the Titans ' staff from 2009 – 2010 .	I
Was produced by Brandon Bonfiglio and it was co-written by Michel Zitron .	I
He sustained a small tear in his near fore tendon , and he was given an estimated recovery time of one year .	O
The extracellular domain is sometimes referred to as EpEX , and the intracellular domain is sometimes referred to as EpICD .	O
Later switched to an Avro Lancaster but flight Lieutenant Kogon mainly flew a Halifax .	I
Is considered a rare lethal congenital disorder and it is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait .	I
Modulate the proteolytic activity of the trypsin-like protease domain and the PDZ domain preferentially binds C-terminus of the protein substrate .	I
The winning team performed a stomp routine with trash cans and the elimination team performed a stomp routine with brooms .	O
Cxcl3 is able to induce cell-autonomously the migration of cerebellar granule precursors , and in fact , the transcription of CXCL3 is directly regulated by BTG2 .	I
Delcroft School was built and opened in 1960 .	O
The new prison opened in 1985 and was fully operational by 1986 .	O
Was buried in Alsbach , and he died during exile .	I
He was later pastor of Ascension Parish in Normandy ( 1989-1994 ) and vicar general of the Archdiocese of St. Louis ( 1994-2003 ) .	O
Also the genetic makeup in aquatic organisms , but heavy metals can not only affect behaviors .	I
He was elected several times to the public council and attempted to become president of the municipal chamber .	O
South-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately east of Świdnica .	I
Could have avoided military duty owing to his Russian citizenship but he was conscripted at the beginning of the First World War .	I
It lies approximately south of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
In chronic infection or cancer ) .	O
Pd-l1 , the ligand for PD1 , is highly expressed in several cancers and hence the role of PD1 in cancer immune evasion is well established .	O
Her boss , Mr Ma and kaiqi left Jiawei for her job .	I
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
Escaped to Berlin the of Germany but motzkin had witnessed the 1881 anti-Jewish pogrom in Kiev , capital .	I
South-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately west of Świdnica .	I
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
The plants ' large taproots are reported to be very palatable and far less bitter than the above-ground parts of the plant .	O
It lies approximately south of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
These are often short lived but similar island building activity occurs frequently .	I
She had been launched at Bordeaux about three months earlier and had sailed on this cruise about nine weeks earlier .	O
In 1810 Captain James Bowen assumed command of " Phoenix " and sailed her for the East Indies on 11 May 1810 .	O
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
It lies approximately south of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
South-west of the regional capital Wrocław , and it lies approximately west of Świdnica .	I
The enzymes display overlapping but distinct substrate specificity .	O
Amassed a 4 – 2 record and he held that post for one season .	I
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
The location of most of its wineries and it is the historical heart of the Grampians .	I
The topsoil is predominantly sandy loam with quartz and gravel pockets , the subsoil deep clay .	O
It lies approximately east of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
Fasciculations are prominent features in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) and could be evidence of abnormal axon reflex with further research .	O
It lies approximately south of Świdnica , and south-west of the regional capital Wrocław .	O
The line in 1977 and the station closed in 1967 .	I
Conversationalist in court society and he was a welcomed performer .	I
Exercise has been shown to induce changes in this gene as well , and that transient changes can have a cumulative effect across many exercise sessions .	O
Deducing Hirose 's return to Japan , Taisuke and his friends prepare for the upcoming battle .	O
It is almost to imply that DMX was lost , but found his way in life after realising his potential .	O
Well as with TAF2I as taf12 interacts directly with TBP .	I
Owsley graduated from The Rectory School and attended the Blue Ridge School .	O
The plant was first discovered and named by Lilla Leach .	O
Played with Teruyoshi Ito for the position and he became a regular player as defensive midfielder .	I
Marketed in a similar fashion to hot sauces and the thinner , more liquid chamoy is typically bottled .	I
During this period , he was interrogated and arrested several times by the police .	O
Common upgrades featured on armored cars are replacing the windows with bulletproof glass and inserting layers of armor plate under the outer skin of the car .	O
The Sears store was completed in December 1965 , and was the mall 's first department to open .	O
Was owned by Dallas-based MEPC American Properties , and by April 1998 , the mall encompassed .	I
Also sparsely along the stems and leaves appear in a basal rosette .	I
Also incorporates classical music in the series but the music editor heavily uses tracks from movies .	I
Then he later gave it up and he practiced law in Bhimavaram for anyear .	I
The bill would extend the Protect America Act of 2007 and make it easier for the government to wiretap Americans .	O
He attacks her in her home and kidnaps Robert from his school .	O
Are still serving their main purpose of transporting people , but these can also be used by the regular military .	I
Is needed only in case of dialling from outside and where 880 is the International Subscriber Dialling Code for Bangladesh .	I
Her material " ranged from Celtic ballads and country-tinged pop to laid-back rock " .	O
Mannhardt was born in Tegernsee , and worked initially as a goatherd .	O
Developed a strong talent for mechanical work , and he learned the clockmaking trade , however .	I
Was Art Director for Aurealis Magazine for eight ( 2006-2017 ) , and andrew J McKiernan is a member of the Australian Horror Writers Association years .	I
Wolpe majored in American history at George Washington University and was active in the university 's theater department .	O
Animate plural nouns end in " -k " , and inanimate plural nouns end in " -l " .	O
The few African-American secondary schools that did exist were located in the cities and not the rural areas where the majority of the African-American population lived .	O
He especially admired Paul McCartney , and the Beatles became his heroes .	I
Frank James was an American outlaw and older brother of Jesse James .	O
The secondary has been detected using interferometry , but this is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system .	I
Were for the previous 25 years of her reign and these awards were to mark the Queen 's Silver Jubilee .	I
In accordance with law , the court issued a restraining order and ordered Kural to stay away from Sıla for 3 months .	O
Can vary , depending on the conference , but it is usually held in four rounds .	I
The town post office Postal Index Number ( PIN code ) is 444202 and PIN is shared with Palsi Zasi , Kakanwada , Sangrampur post offices .	O
He was High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1963 and also a Deputy Lieutenant of the county .	O
Devaranne was identified as one of the leaders and a warrant was issued for his arrest .	O
He was tried with other resistance leaders and executed by firing squad in Düsseldorf .	O
In 1952 he arrived in Paris and worked at the Stamp Atelier .	O
Returned from 1972 to 1973 , during the cabinet Korvald , but he lost this job when the cabinet fell in 1971 .	I
Moved to Oslo to study , and he was born in Ål .	I
Existed until World War II and it was founded 1890 in Munich .	I
It was established in 1961 , and administered by the Bangladesh Army .	O
Average precipitation is from 200 mm in flatlands , and up to 600 – 700 mm in mountains .	O
In 2007 he stepped down from Bergen politics , but continued as leader of the Hordaland party chapter .	O
Ended up winning 3 – 2 again but again Norwich should 've emerged as comfortable victors .	I
These aided World War II forecasts and also served as research guides .	O
He lost only twice to a Technical knockout , but never was counted out for a full knockout .	O
Joined Újpest FC and sternberg returned to Hungary .	I
Female teams are known as the Lady Panthers , and male sports teams is known as the Panthers .	I
Usually shaped like a football with tapering ends , and the superior cervical ganglion is a reddish-gray color .	I
The SCG is significantly affected by this loss of neurons and may be responsible for some of the resulting symptoms .	O
Another montage of the fraught 80s show rehearsals with Green ranting and slamming doors , screaming " Don 't fucking make mistakes !	O
Provided the famous " Legend " wreath at Reg Krays funeral , and eileen was a character witness at Charlie Krays ' drug trail .	I
Cameron was born in Edmonton , Alberta , and moved with her family to North Vancouver .	O
Her music has been performed at the Bang on a Can Festival and she has been commissioned by the Bang on a Can All-Stars .	O
Mir Mustafa Khan 's disparate army was not strong enough to resist and he sent his representatives to General Gudovich asking for Russian protection .	O
Was instrumental in creating a city wage tax and he supported the creation of a city sales tax .	I
Lindsay is the first wildlife hospital established in the United States , and a popular family museum in the San Francisco East Bay Area .	O
To Dejiko , it is sweet and feels indebted to a Queen .	O
Each chamber has a chief judge , called the President , and two heads of division , one for each language group .	O
Characters take on a much more realistic physique and appear quite natural , rather than cartoony .	O
Was subsequently disbanded on 29 May 1946 and in March 1946 , it returned to Australia .	I
It was founded in July 2005 with the merger of Southwest Normal University and Southwest Agricultural University , both of whose histories are over 100 years .	O
During 1966 , The Roaring Sixties were renamed Family and they replaced their drummer Overnall with Rob Townsend .	O
There were suggestions that he had left Canada and moved as far as Laredo , Mexico .	O
Actually did not begin formal operations until December 1991 , but 554-89 that was passed on February 20 , 1989 .	I
On his return to Ireland he studied for the bar but seems to have shown little interest in his studies .	O
In 1999 released an independently produced album The Long , and in his late twenties he formed a band , Swamp Yankee , Way .	I
Were forced to amputate on site to save the worker 's life and after attempting unsuccessful rescues , they finally hoisted a surgeon to the site .	I
The project was canceled and the bridge rerouted .	O
Rabbis in order to faith-based elements and as a result , the company consulted priests incorporate .	I
Have seven seconds to choose the one which will save the character and during these moments , players are presented with a list of three options .	I
He called the death sequences " hilarious " and felt they reduced the tediousness of dying .	O
He built a number of buildings in and around Madrid , including many schools .	O
" senadhipati " , often translated as " commander in chief " , and the rank incorporates the word " pradhan " meaning " grand " .	I
Notably , IC 443 X-ray morphology is centrally peaked and a very soft X-ray shell is barely visible .	O
Korel Tunador is a multi-instrumentalist , singer , and songwriter living in Los Angeles , California .	O
In 1966 , it received the status of a city , and in 1964 , the name was changed again to Krasnoperekopsk .	I
Is an opening batsman in ODIs and he is a middle-order batsman for Tests .	I
Was unable to train in the afternoon and he missed a team meeting the following morning .	I
Scored his 74 off 58 balls and he reached 50 in just 28 balls .	I
New Zealand Cricket ( NZC ) reacted furiously at the news and their Blackcaps teammates were reportedly livid over the latest late night session .	I
Grazing area for semi-domesticated and it is also an important calving reindeer .	I
Saw 750 all-terrain vehicles with over 2,800 participants and the 26th Fun Drive was held in December 2006 .	I
His Mexican-American father went back to the United States and when he was a year old , his parents divorced .	I
Was re-appointed by incoming Mayor Angel Taveras in 2011 and york was appointed to the Providence Zoning Board of Review .	I
Descriptions to properly distinguish between closely related species , or biologists can use the sounds , image gallery .	I
Can be prevented in females by X-inactivation and x-scid can also arise through de novo mutations .	I
Therefore , the aforementioned treatments only prevent the infections , and are by no means a cure for X-linked SCID .	O
The first took place September 18 , and the second was on October 12 .	O
She has been working for Shaukat Khanum Memorial Hospital , Fatmeed Foundation , and as a social worker in " Hamara Mulk , Hamaray Log " .	O
It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios .	O
Depicts the coat of arms and the flag of Bern is square .	I
In fact a cornerstone in Rabbi Shneur Zalman 's own Tanya , and this was the foundation of Rabbi Dovber 's doctrine as well .	I
Its codomain Hausdorff , then it is a homeomorphism and if a continuous bijection has as its domain a compact space is .	I
This is a phenomenon similar to the 3-dimensional cross product , and the connection is reflected in the notation for the curl .	O
The curl operator maps continuously differentiable functions to continuous functions , and more generally , it maps functions in to functions in .	O
There are many other anecdotes about his precocity while a toddler , and he made his first groundbreaking mathematical discoveries while still a teenager .	O
It is dangerous only to small craft in extreme conditions , but a whirlpool does exist there , caused by currents meeting .	I
Was ) liquid water inside Pluto ( or this may be because there is .	I
Used him as a standard for stupidity , and antonia referred to him as a monster .	I
According to Josephus , he then reaffirmed the rights and freedoms of all the Jews in the Empire .	O
The ancient sources say the charge was adultery , and that Claudius was tricked into issuing the punishment .	O
Coup attempts could rally around the pair and Agrippina was already showing such ambition .	O
All three were senators or " equites " .	O
It " put Hollywood on the map " and its interracial love story made it a phenomenal hit .	I
Directed plays and demille also produced .	I
His individual films were sometimes criticized , yet demille was respected by his peers .	I
Demille did not have an exact budget proposal for the project , and it promised to be the most costly in U.S. film history .	O
Thus they took up residence in Bonn and later in Brühl on the Rhine .	O
Industrialisation changed the city and spurred its growth .	O
Cologne features regional and international authors .	O
Most-refined meat analogues in the world and some of their recipes are the oldest .	I
Paid a salary of $ 600 ( ) and this position gave Coolidge more experience as a lawyer .	I
It suggested some modifications of its own , but the League of Nations accepted the reservations .	I
So no music was ever added , and " F " was never finished .	I
The book also contains large-scale ensemble works , and the ballet " Tirsi e Clori " .	O
This style created immediately recognizable expressions using very few lines , and the simplicity of this style allowed Tezuka to be prolific .	O
Are structured in such a way to promote cell function and the genes within these chromosomes are the cell 's nuclear genome .	I
It is not surrounded by a membrane , and is sometimes called a " suborganelle " .	O
The nuclear envelope allows the nucleus to control its contents , and separate them from the rest of the cytoplasm where necessary .	O
Addition of the 5 ' cap occurs co-transcriptionally and is the first step in post-transcriptional modification .	O
Some have no nuclei , while others have several , but most eukaryotic cell types usually have a single nucleus .	I
Traditionally , carols have often been based on medieval chord patterns , and it is this that gives them their uniquely characteristic musical sound .	O
Polyaddition both of which addition polymers and the main alternative forms of polymerization are chain polymerization , give .	I
A civilization is a large organization and any organization is a complex social system .	I
His wife was a seamstress and debussy senior ran a china shop .	I
As an under-age she struggled with her training , but coach Fausto Gómez convince her to join weightlifting .	I
Are supported by several hundreds of irregulars and jordanians still had in fact a full brigade .	I
Thirteen men were killed and several other injured .	O
The infantry of the 71st rapidly took the monastery and then fought for the control of the town .	O
The sappers succeeded nevertheless to make the door explode , but in the confusion were not followed by the infantrymen .	O
The next day freed the women and the Legionnaires protected the prisoners from irregulars .	I
Plays a physical game and angell is a strong skater .	I
In 1910 , Rungius accepted an offer to visit the Canadian Rockies , and would go on to paint a large number of his paintings there .	O
Searched for German submarines and " Manhasset " also patrolled .	I
Lives in , Ohio and edgar Stevanus is a retired Postmaster Sugarcreek .	I
Is 1.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and inarimachi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Higashi-shinjō Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 3.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Etchū-ebara Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 4.7 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Etchū-sangō Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 7.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Etchū-funahashi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 8.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
It initially based at Wigan , in Greater Manchester but has since moved to St Helens in Merseyside .	O
Aigeira is 10 km to the north , and Kalavryta is 21 km to the west .	O
The larvae feed on birch and " Alnus glutinosa " .	O
Is 10.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and etchū-izumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 11.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and ainoki Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 13.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and kamiichi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 15.1 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and shin-miyakawa Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 17.1 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and naka-kazumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
" Alnus glutinosa " and the larvae feed on birch .	I
Nishi-kazumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 18.7 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Nishi-namerikawa Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 19.8 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 20.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and naka-namerikawa Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Hamakazumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 23.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 24.4 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and hayatsukikazumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Etchū-nakamura Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 25.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
The Senate confirmed her nomination on August 11 , 1992 and she received her commission on August 12 , 1992 .	O
Nishi-uozu Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 27.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 28.9 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and dentetsu-uozu Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Shin-uozu Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 30.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Kyōden Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 32.9 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 34.9 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and dentetsu-ishida Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Dentetsu-kurobe Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 37.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 37.8 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and higashi-mikkaichi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Ogyū Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 38.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Urbanism of medieval Todi ( Italy ) and his doctoral dissertation was study of the architecture .	I
For projects with which he is involved , or he is recipient of many grants individually .	I
Nagaya Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 39.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Shitayama Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 41.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Wakaguri Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 41.7 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Tochiya Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line , and is 42.8 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 44.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and urayama Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 45.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and oritateguchi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 46.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and oritate Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 47.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and aimoto Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 48.7 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and uchiyama Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is 49.5 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and otozawa Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Is located 53.3 km from the starting point of the line at , and unazuki Onsen Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Main Line .	I
Fujikoshi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Fujikoshi Line , and is 1.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 2.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and ōizumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Fujikoshi Line .	I
Is 1.3 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and ōizumi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 2.1 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and kamihori Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 2.7 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and kosugi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 3.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and nunoichi Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 4.4 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and kaihotsu Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 6.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and tsukioka Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Ōshō Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line , and is 7.9 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Kamidaki Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line , and is 10.1 kilometers from the starting point of the line at .	O
Is 11.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and kaihotsu Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Kamidaki Line .	I
Is 10.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at , and iwakuraji Station is served by the Toyama Chihō Railway Tateyama Line .	I
Finding that unrewarding he turned once again to gambling , and according to Dennis Brailsford " His deterioration was rapid .	O
François & jean-paul Celea Couturier	I
Damian & francis Goya Luca	I
Helen Merril and Stan Getz	O
Gerry De Mol and Eva de Roovere	O
Guus Westdorp and anton Montagne	I
Astrid Nijgh and Jan Rot	O
Was a lifelong resident and kass was born in Brooklyn .	I
He was voted as Switzerland 's top 10 male Athletes in 2008 and won athlete of the year in his canton of St. Gallen .	O
He won the silver medal in the 200m Freestyle and missed out on the European crown by 0.02s .	O
He went to elementary school in Oppeln and learned his father 's locksmith trade .	O
Co-owner of reVamp and he is the founder !	I
In 1881 he entered St. Francis Seminary , and completed his studies in Rome , Italy .	O
The small cemetery is now closed to new burials , and is mostly hidden within the residential neighbourhood of Leslieville .	O
Would have been trained in light infantry tactics , and simmons probably served under one of these schemes .	I
Taylor was married to actress Ada Daniels , and the two appeared together in stage productions .	O
It requested a Carnegie grant in 1914 and received $ 15,000 the following year .	O
Was released on Oct. 30 , 1997 , and an audio version was recorded by Milligan .	I
He owned several local shops in Freetown and many other parts of Sierra Leone .	O
Is the capital of Bilanga Department and the town has a population of 3,470 .	I
She tells him that the money is bonuses she received from William and that she has the right to some privacy from her spouse .	O
The younger brother of actor Felice Romano and romano was the son of actress Dina Romano .	I
Her father was a partner in a local clothing store and owner of Oshkosh 's first theater , McCourt Hall .	O
Worked directly in the mine and she often dressed in mining clothes .	I
Asked his wife Augusta for a divorce and he moved permanently out of his Denver home .	I
In 1882 a Durango , Colorado , judge granted them a divorce , and baby Doe suggested that he seek a divorce in a different jurisdiction .	I
The Shockers played in three bowl games and had an 0 – 3 record .	O
Began performing competitively the following years , and she began dancing at age 7 .	I
The group soon established itself as a fixture on Second Life and the response to " Mudkips Acronym " ' s challenge was rapid .	I
Wirth started the 1978 season with Oakland , but was sent to the minors in June .	O
Until 1990-1991 the majority of inhabitants were of German descent but emigration has significantly reduced the numbers of Banat Swabians .	O
In 2003 Gottlob received again commune status and has since elected its own mayor .	O
Received the Directorate Award for best goaltender of the tournament and united States ' Ryan Miller was named the most valuable player .	I
It is situated on the site of the Old Saint Nicholas Church and there is one primary school within the village known as Mahoonagh National School .	I
The Irish to get ready and this was a signal to Fitzgibbon .	I
Golden Vale in the mid-1980s wound up their business on the site and diverted the Farmers to deliver their Milk to nearby Newcastle West .	O
Embarked on an ambitious growth programme through business acquisitions and the poultry business continued as a separate co – operative .	I
The redtail splitfin is a deep-bodied fish , and males have a hump behind the head .	O
There are bands of decorative cut shingles in various places , and most of its architectural elements , however , are shingled .	I
He adopted Krishna Prem as his monastic name , and soon thereafter , she initiated Nixon into vairagya .	I
The team competes in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Gulf South Conference .	O
John Rogers the civilian was a brother , and went on some diplomatic missions with him .	O
Credit Union SA is a supporter of the South Australian education community and assists schools by providing funding through their School Community Rewards program .	O
In 1933 he was enrolled at Leiden University and studied chemistry under Anton Eduard van Arkel .	O
Lan Yu is one of China 's new generation of designers and is regarded as one of Asia 's most influential designers .	O
He advised her : " This is a vein , and she consulted Muhammad about how to become ritually clean .	I
Is also known from North America , but the species is distributed throughout Europe .	I
Carlo Antonio Gambara was an Italian mandolinist and composer in the early 19th century .	O
The grandmother of Yoo ra , and the father of In Seok .	O
Cost – benefit analysis of all potential solutions were considered , and for the present time , the locks will be strengthened .	O
Is a large two-story L " -shaped dwelling , and it was built in the third quarter of the 18th century , " brick .	I
On 29 October 2018 , Edwards was suspended from driving for 6 months and fined $ 600 for the incident which occurred back in May 2018 .	O
Got the top seed in the DBL and he won the NBB Cup with the Flames .	I
He lived with his family in Princeton and commuted to the Exxon research centre .	O
Hafeezuddin landed PTI ticket PS-93 in 2013 elections and won the seat by banging 15,617 votes .	O
Had that letter automatically placed into the correct position in the puzzle and the first contestant to buzz in with the correct answer earned 1 point .	I
Price spent her childhood in Dunedin and was educated at Kavanagh College .	O
Required marriages to be publicly in churches by priests , and the Fourth Lateran Council ( 1215 ) forbade clandestine marriage announced .	I
This report had been taken at face value throughout the 19th century , and was perpetuated in Walter Scott 's 1820 novel " The Monastery " .	O
The Baskerville Curse and " Sherlock Holmes	I
Then of St Matthew 's , Westminster from 1908 until 1914 and he was Vicar of St Saviour , Hoxton from 1906 until 1908 .	I
In his second season he won the championship once again , and after a year with Magixx Bekkering signed again with Leiden .	I
Cut one onion in small pieces and fry it in vegetable oil .	O
Carefully put the meatballs inside the boiling mix and keep it boiling for half an hour .	O
A B.S and in Computer Science .	I
The company did not spend money on exploration , but simply drilled wells into the La Rosa field .	O
The University of Mpumalanga , a comprehensive university , was formally and legally promulgated through the publication of Government Notice ( No .	O
Launched on 31 October 2013 and 36772 ) on 22 August 2013 .	I
Then , Nagappa proposes an alliance , and it is taken by Lingappan Naicker .	O
Ended up buying it from the former owner and jimmy eventually became manager of the local 7-Up company .	I
They married on May 23 , 1952 and later moved to Richardson , TX .	O
He would often come by and talk to us . "	O
At the time , the varactor diodes had an etched mesa geometry and the IR light came out around the edge of the mesa .	O
The MOS circuit worked on the first pass and was implemented into a simulated cockpit altimeter .	O
Private sector to share their expertise through two roundtable discussions and to do this , the USPTO consulted experts in the government .	I
As disseminations in altered granites and it also occurs in skarn deposits .	I
The 2012 – 13 A.C. Siena season is the 107th season in existence and 9th season in the top flight of Italian football , Serie A .	O
In reality , McNulty died in 1995 , and Sixsmith only began his investigation in 2004 .	O
Hoy played for club team , FC Bucks Vipers , and helped the team win state cups for six seasons .	O
Lost in the semifinals to Marcel Granollers , but robin Haase was the two-time defending champion .	I
Has three daughters and levy is openly gay .	I
Had more than two thousand acres of land and the Lequime family had over 1,300 heads of cattle .	I
He was actively involved in the political life of his cousin , and renewed his efforts to bring the Georgian principalities closer to Europe .	O
Entered the Internet entrepreneurship field and the two later attended USC together .	I
Tinder is used widely throughout the world and is available in over 40 languages .	O
It was not fixed until August 2016 , but the issue was detected in March 2016 .	I
On November 10 , 1932 , Godman was convicted for grand larceny and sentenced to prison in New York for 4 to 8 years .	O
Used for scrap and she was later dismantled .	I
Weyl came to be called the " American Daubigny " and his works became very popular among Washington art collectors .	O
Founder of Ocala Breeder Sales Company and first Chairman of the Board .	O
Is regarded as a top sprint prospect but he ran in the 2008 Queen 's Plate .	I
Their growing disfavor eventually resulted in the British Witchcraft Act of 1735 , and witch trials became scant in the second half of the 17th century .	I
When Dou Congyi heard this , he beheaded his wife Lady Wang and offered her head to Li Longji , trying to save himself .	O
Also in 1903 , Porter was one of the founders and directors of the Bankers Trust Company of New York .	O
This has not been experimentally confirmed , but colder temperatures may even drive pupation .	I
It has been spotted several times on retail roses in south Texas , and anecdotal evidence suggests that the expansion into Texas counties is probably underreported .	O
She played with Ada Leonard in an all-female ensemble , and soon after worked in a trio with Marian Grange .	O
Later he entered the Whitesboro Institute near Utica , New York , and finished his studies at the seminary in Lima , New York .	O
The diplomatic mission does not have the status of Permanent Representative and thus cannot vote — a decision it has freely taken .	O
A friend of Chanel 's owned the remaining portion , and he owned 70 percent ; Chanel owned 10 percent .	I
Are available in the HSL Archive and many older codes have now been superseded .	I
The information is available and however , the NCAA does .	I
Shifted to drums when a drummer could not be found but jansson was originally slated to play bass in the new band .	I
They were taken to the Manchu capital of Shenyang , and then escorted to the newly conquered city of Beijing .	O
The 100 mile feature race counted toward the 1916 AAA National Championship , and the event was sanctioned by the American Automobile Association ( AAA ) .	I
Encompasses some 50 congregations and it is in Province 8 .	I
So wrote about it from other participants accounts and alonso de Góngora Marmolejo arrived in Concepcion in 1551 .	I
Live in Atherton , California , and the couple have four children .	I
Was awarded the Golden Electrode Award at the 2007 Neurotech Leaders Forum and the INS was named the 2007 Most Valuable Nonprofit Society by Neurotech Reports .	I
She takes an uncompromising stand over every case she deals with but new appointee Ying Jing-Jing ( Sonija Kwok ) is a good-looking girl .	I
He will cause her to be killed if they are together , and later Siu-Yi tells Long that his life clashes with Jing 's .	I
Did the work himself and alvin was a trained carpenter .	I
They were relegated at the end of the 2000-2001 season , and ceased to exist after just one season in Primera A .	O
Michigan State was ranked # 2 with a 9 – 1 record , and ohio State was ranked # 4 with a 7 – 2 record .	I
However , these tensions eased and the prison dynamic stabilized .	O
As of 2003 , the prison was all security levels and held 1,270 with an average daily population of 1,762 .	O
Donna Franceschild is a British-based television writer and dramatist , originally from the US .	O
Recording for " Professor Satchafunkilus " began in October 2007 and the title was announced on March 13 , 2008 .	O
The following quote is from " Old and New London " published in 1879 :	O
Twelve production aircraft were built and delivered to the Navy .	O
He is a resident writer and director of GMA Network .	O
Signed a permanent contract with the club in July 2009 , and he was loaned out to Kolding FC in January 2009 .	I
They never found hard evidence to prove their suspicions , but by 1967 , POT had bugged Bøe 's phone .	I
Radičová officially became a member of SDKU-DS following the election and was subsequently elected as deputy chairman of the party .	O
Not the sacramental sort , and the Pope wanted confessions .	I
Is related to the process of reducing heavy metal and in " S. oneidensis " , pellicle formation is typical .	I
Eventually getting involved in criminal activity and this will prohibit them from running off .	I
The platter is sometimes garnished with tomato slices and a zest of lemon is added at the end .	I
Then the Missionary District of Western Kansas until and it was formerly the Missionary District of Salina until 1960 1971 .	I
The Expert Board represents particular industries , and the Government Board represents local government .	I
Plutella polaris is a moth species in the family Plutellidae and was first described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1880 .	O
Six away games in the regular season and shorter 2018 football schedule consists of five home .	I
The only one that can be seen operating and it is one of very few surviving duplex winders .	I
The side walls have rounded arch windows , and above these are four paned clerestory windows .	O
The hyphae have clamp connections , and the hyphal system is monomitic .	I
The latest version is 4.2.0 , and 4.3.0 is on the way .	O
However , nothing came through after and the film was likely cancelled .	O
However , nothing came through and the project was canceled .	O
The fire was started by a lightning strike and first reported on June 11 , 2018 .	O
It had a population of 4 inhabitants at the 2010 census , and is situated at an elevation of 2,022 meters above sea level .	O
7 , held by CBH Resources Pty Ltd , includes the site but there are no plans to conduct surface mining in this area .	O
He received the same position in the 2016 election and was elected when the list won sixteen mandates .	O
The number of employees is 37 and the area of it is 1.9 ha .	I
They start dating straight away and she immediately falls for his charms .	I
Prior to that , Bailey was Deputy President and Deputy Vice-Chancellor at the University of Manchester .	O
He batted in the lower middle order and made 30 runs in three innings .	O
Has an extensive cellar and the building is two storeys .	I
Lepidodactylus manni , also known as the Fiji scaly-toed gecko or Viti forest gecko , is a species of gecko .	O
Metcalf was born in Wicklow , Ireland and then emigrated to the United States .	O
May have been one of the commissioners and melgar was a canon of the aforementioned monastery .	I
The width on the other hand can vary greatly , but bakeries rarely make them wider than a few centimeters .	O
Chilean Venezuelans are Venezuelans of Chilean descent or Chileans who have obtained Venezuelan citizenship .	O
Raja is a fabulous singer but a simple village boy .	O
The Fury delivered and could reach .	O
Smokes peacefully and he heads outside .	I
Received the Distinguished Service Medal and he served in World War I .	I
Andar block is divided into many villages and they are grouped into Gram Panchayats .	O
They have three daughters and he is married to Nirma .	I
Gives Sam a second chance and she reconnects with her adoptive father .	I
Continued his studies at the Free University of Brussels M.A and he graduated in 1978 with a degree in economics from Addis Ababa University , earning .	I
His mother was Dorothy Marie Godwin and his father was Issac Locklear .	O
Epstein was born in Bakst , Lithuania and trained in yeshiva at Slabodka yeshiva .	O
In 1996 the team merged with FC Saturn-1991 Saint Petersburg and played for one season as FC Lokomotiv-Saturn Saint Petersburg .	O
Sangaré then signed on 9 March 2007 with BEC Tero Sasana FC and left Thailand after the ending his contracts on 29 December 2008 .	O
Sibling marriage was especially frequent in Roman Egypt , and probably even the preferred norm among the nobility .	O
Has a painted interior and it is built of sandstone .	I
Residential Treatment Center and " Brandon School	I
Interned Italian soldiers even not actively involved in the Resistance and in addition , following the Italian armistice , the Germans blanketly rounded up , those .	I
Makes sure that the shows do not go over budget , and she keeps tracks of all the receipts for every production .	I
Upon termination of the transition stage , maturity is established and one is fully prepared to enter the adult world .	O
They did not have it and nobody helped them out .	O
Retired from racing , Megahertz was bred to Giant 's Causeway and produced a colt named Causeithertz on February 18 , 2007 .	O
This song did not even break the top thirty , and I believe it did not get a fair shot .	O
Remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1907 , and a post office at Lochiel was established in 1883 .	I
Retrained to become a goalkeeper before turning professional , but he played as a striker at schoolboy level .	I
During summer they sold some key players and started the following season facing difficulties .	O
Music is composed by Thodoros Derveniotis ( Greek : Θόδωρος Δερβενιώτης ) ) and the lyrics are written by Kostas Virvos ( Greek : Κώστας Βίρβος .	I
He began dating Israeli model Tami Ben Ami , and the couple were the darlings of the press .	O
The various British squadrons deployed against him failed to catch Willaumez , but their presence had limited his ability to raid British trade routes .	O
The Stadio Giuseppe Grezar remains open as a minor athletics venue , but it was replaced by the nearby Stadio Nereo Rocco in 1992 .	I
Music is composed by Manos Loizos and the lyrics are written by Lefteris Papadopoulos .	I
Deep load and displacement was standard .	I
The loan for the mall was originated and is serviced by Bradford Allen Capital .	O
Breaks the ritual circle and he defeats two of them .	I
Had some trouble boarding another ship in the course of the battle " and admiral Hipper had been forced to leave his flagship SMS " Lützow .	I
Attempted to pass through the line of German battleships , and the German cruisers turned away to avoid the torpedoes .	I
She readily accepts and syed proposes to Amira .	I
As Amira is leaving , Syed runs out and meets his daughter for the first time .	O
However , she cries afterwards and appears to regret it .	O
I think he does love her and there 's certainly an honest attraction there .	I
Amira does move in with [ Janine ] and we have some really great exchanges actually .	O
Moved half a mile ( 0.8 km ) west by 1952 but it still appeared at its prior location on maps as of 1912 .	I
" List of desk clerks and other non-medical staff in ER	O
Agasaya became the warrior aspect of Ishtar and lived on in history this way .	O
Well as the Anglican church of St James , at Crosshill , as codnor had three Methodist chapels , all in the Ripley Circuit .	I
Arthur Harrison died in 1936 and Harry retired in 1946 .	O
The other three are space-like matrices and formula _ 3 is the time-like matrix .	I
He is very popular in Austria , but less so in other German-speaking countries .	O
The LFNY is a private , independent school and receives no funding from the French government .	O
Was up to 25,000 copies when publication ceased , and by 2007 , circulation had increased to 12,000 .	I
Defence , the city remained defiant and however , due to the defenders ' strong resolute .	I
Xu Huang spread word of an imminent attack on Weitou , but instead , he led his forces to strike Sizhong unexpectedly .	O
Swallow a camel and they gag at a gnat . "	I
The cable car is owned by the Venezuelan State and is under responsibility of the Vice-Ministry of Tourism .	O
Włodarkiewicz was named the commander of the organization and in September 1941 he joined the ZWZ .	O
In 1939 Beer-Hofmann emigrated from Austria , and traveled to New York via Zurich .	O
Allen 's elected term was to begin July 1 , and lewis 's term was to end on June 30 .	I
The Firebirds defeated the Colorado Springs Sky Sox 3-0 in the first round but lost the championship series 3 games to 1 to the Edmonton Trappers .	O
Güney wrote the screenplay , which contained elaborate detail , but could not personally direct as he was in prison .	O
Adjustable capacitors are frequently used in tuned circuits , but standard capacitors have a fixed value of capacitance .	I
This makes them well-suited for parallel connection with batteries , and may improve battery performance in terms of power density .	O
Solid electrolytes drop faster than non-solid electrolytes but remain at a slightly higher level .	O
It has now been put back to May 2019 but the reintroduction of services was originally forecast for December 2018 .	I
The National Arts Tavern Club in Boston and porter was a member of the Tuxedo Club .	I
The radar project had first call on the available resources , and progress was slow ; the required equipment was not available .	I
Their employment was only made possible because they were employed by the universities and not the MAP , which was not allowed to employ enemy aliens .	O
Dangerous to handle and it was therefore difficult .	I
Later Peierls , which several of Britain 's most eminent scientists , and a British mission to the Los Alamos Laboratory was led by Chadwick included .	I
It lasted approximately one year but returned in later years .	O
His work was twice " crowned " by the Académie française , and in 1892 he received the cross of the Legion of Honour .	O
Made their only Western Canada Cup appearance that year and the team won its league-record 17th Turnbull Cup in 2014 .	I
They were among the largest submarines ever built to date , and were known as the most advanced submarines of the period .	O
User accounts system in early 2007 , and changed its domain name to upcoming.yahoo.com .	O
It was vulnerable if fired upon from the flank , but the Extended Line was perfect for the final assault .	I
Massed infantry charges were now essentially suicidal , and the Western Front ground to a standstill .	O
Never had an off-color line and cecil Mack 's songs were pure fun . "	I
He was a son of Eleazer Cady ( 1745 – 1819 ) and Tryphena ( née Beebe ) Cady ( 1749 – 1839 ) .	O
Is served by the Montclair Public Schools and upper Montclair is in the township of Montclair .	I
The couple had a daughter Laura , and batalla married Hilda Flores in 1953 .	I
The album is notable in that it is the first and only album of the band recorded entirely in English .	O
Apprentices on a two day week and remaining workers were on a three-day week .	I
He had to give up painting and his eyesight failed him in later life .	I
Accepted girls into the sixth form in 1983 and king Edward 's became an independent school in 1978 .	I
Additionally , autonomous communities could appoint at least one senator each and were entitled to one additional senator per each million inhabitants .	O
Then , at Bagger 's request , Sousa Mendes signed Bagger 's passport and told him to go back to the consulate to have it stamped .	O
Clotilde went to Mozambique , and geraldo went to Angola .	I
The condition is generally benign , and clinically significant hemorrhage is rare .	O
It was excavated by the German Archaeological Institute and submerged by the Atatürk Dam since 1992 .	O
Other unofficial colors can occur , such as red merle , but these colors are not considered acceptable per the Cardigan standard .	O
It is made of mammoth ivory and is dated to 22,800 BC .	O
He held the world heavyweight title from 1959 to 1960 , and was the fifth heavyweight champion born outside the United States .	O
The problem of security was not resolved and at the time of his report , disarmament .	I
The paper-based settlement was replaced by electronic depository-based accounts and settlement of trades was always done on time .	O
The Kennel Club , the United Kennel Club , and the FCI allow intact tails in Conformation shows .	O
Became the company 's honorary president and in 1912 Johann Puch went into retirement .	I
It is part of the Maladeta massif and is located in the Benasque valley .	O
Lost their way on the south slope around Lake Gregueña and the next day , they crossed a pass towards Alba pass .	I
Has been updated several times since and the OIICS was first published in 1992 .	I
On 10 January 1977 , the crater walls fractured , and the lava lake drained in less than an hour .	O
She returned to Palermo on 27 July and steamed to Naples the following day .	O
By 2008 all international kennel clubs recognised it under the new name and the name was changed to its current form in 1999 in the UK .	I
Energetic type of Terrier and the Parson is a feisty .	I
The Russell Terrier originated in England , but the country of development was Australia .	O
It has a low shield profile , and contrasts with adjacent steep-sided Nyiragongo volcano .	O
The five yānas plus the Vajrayāna .	O
The Great Wall is 1200 m long , and was built to ensure protection from neighbours .	O
Cliff is a postal worker , and Norm Peterson 's best friend .	O
Would therefore be too fleeting to observe directly by mass spectrometry and such a species would decompose immediately by spontaneous ejection of an electron .	I
Is one of the best-selling Belgian artists of all time and she sold over 20 million records worldwide as of September 2017 .	I
They started their own music label and publishing company , Productions Clandestines .	O
$ 9.05 per share of tracking stock in VMware , and dell would pay $ 24.05 per share of EMC .	I
Later became an international success , selling two million copies worldwide and her eponymous debut album was released in Italy on 23 April 1993 .	I
The ICL board recommended acceptance of the bid , and the takeover was completed on 10 September 1984 .	O
Albie is a former soldier in the Leotardo crew , and has reputedly worked for Phil Leotardo since the 1980s .	O
Leotardo 's murder was the 92nd and final murder on the series .	O
Chiba became a city in 1921 , and kemigawa became a town in 1891 .	I
In 1768 he became MP for Launceston until 1774 , and in 1766 he became Member of Parliament for Hythe .	I
At provincial level for Western Province , as a centre , i.e , and he played representative level rugby union ( RU ) for South Africa .	I
Today is one of the biggest attractions in the district , and the Funicular de Paranapiacaba railway museum was established in 1970 .	I
Helped usher in a new era in American Christian music and for over 50 years , Kaiser influenced modern day church music .	I
Is now a manager of Shimano sports marketing and he became the coach of the Dutch cyclo-cross team .	I
A factor in conflicts that start for other reasons and instead , water has historically been a source of tension .	I
The Eugenio Monti olympic track ( ) is a bobsleigh and skeleton track located in Cortina d 'Ampezzo , Italy .	O
In 1929 he already was the number one goalkeeper for Olimpija but in the first year Lazdiņš was mainly the backup goalkeeper behind K.Minsterjānis .	I
The couple had been longtime sweethearts and had been married since 1898 .	O
Well as three new musical numbers as the revival featured a completely new cast .	I
Affected by the incident for the rest of his life , but charles Dickens , who was on board , was uninjured .	I
Ms. Donnelly trained as a primary teacher and later also taught at second level .	O
In August , 795 , Theodote was officially betrothed to the Emperor and proclaimed an Augusta , a title Maria had never been granted .	O
At last Constantine lost patience and however all such offers were rejected .	I
Other civil engineering projects where future improvements were deemed necessary , and map plates were augmented with designs for locks , bridges .	I
The next season , he appeared for Gentlemen v. Players at the Oval and he assisted Nottinghamshire as an amateur until he turned professional in 1890 .	O
Probably the earliest form of kantha was the patchwork kantha , and the kanthas of the decorative appliqué type evolved from this .	O
It reflects the fecundity of nature and is very popular in Bengal .	O
It was set to music by Johann Crüger about 1647 , and translated into English in the 19th century by Catherine Winkworth .	O
As an Assemblyman of the Interim Batasang Pambansa and he also served one term each as a Congressman .	I
Ape-human hybrids and as lost civilizations .	I
Retired in June 2013 and she performed with the Weatherfords .	I
Larvae spend about 100 days as plankton , and reproduction occurs in winter an early spring .	I
The church was taken down in 1820 , and a new church was completed in 1824 .	O
It proved underpowered in service trials , and was replaced by the twin-engined XLB-3 .	O
Through The Queen 's honours list a , and for his engineering achievements , he received a doctorate , CBE .	I
Inventory existing resource and social conditions .	O
Abzac was part of the old province of Limousin , and the people of the village spoke the Limousin dialect .	O
Its two sub-varieties , which were the preferred grape of Etruria and pliny described Nomentan as the second-best wine-producing grape , followed by Apian .	I
In 1801 it took the name of Champagne and was attached to the Canton de Segonzac .	O
The Pharaon river was called " Cavallo " " and in Roman times Baignes-Sainte-Radegonde was called " Cathmeriacum .	I
Moore had a genuine love for the traditional sounds of the church , but came to appreciate the uprising contemporary form of gospel music as well .	O
The engines use an inline four cylinder layout and are paired with a six speed gearbox .	O
She was on the Bar Ethics Committee for 10 years and was the Chair of the Victorian Bar in 2005-6 .	O
Experienced the terrors of the Holocaust and he was raised in a Jewish family .	I
Was even shipwrecked , narrowly surviving and during this time he encountered rough storms .	I
Mcgeary is married and has children .	O
He was admitted to the bar in 1980 and was appointed Queen 's Counsel in 1995 .	O
Began playing in " Magic " tournaments and when Elliott returned home he purchased the game .	I
Introduced new mechanics such as slivers and he worked on approximately 30 Magic expansions .	I
Wood , covered in doped aircraft fabric and the aircraft is made from welded steel tubing .	I
Cue was in contact with the publishers and apple was closely following all of this progress .	I
He is a Fellow of the Nigerian Institute of Architects and a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects .	O
It has 69 chapters and has 2000 ahadith .	O
Has not changed since its first designation and by 1948 , the route was fully paved .	I
He served in the post until 2007 and resigned from the magazine in 2013 .	O
As matches progressed , many thought otherwise but india entered the tournament as favorites to win .	I
His assistant arrive and just then , Danforth .	I
Was commissioned in September 2011 , and the plant is owned by .	I
Efthymios Christodoulou is married and has three children .	O
Balcombe is reported to have taken cuttings from these trees and the willow grew nearby Napoleon ’ s grave on St Helena .	I
45 outbuildings were destroyed and another 40 damaged .	O
A 5-month paid internship with a Seattle tech and the program is divided into 6 months of classroom instruction company .	I
Excised below the apex and the outer margin is irregular .	I
She didn 't finish the elite women 's race but niewiadoma was also selected for the UCI Road World Championships .	I
" Bahrain International Exhibition & amp ; Convention Centre	O
The festival was formerly part of Rikskonsertene , but became an independent foundation in January 2012 .	O
May refer to and favell is a surname :	I
Grow entirely on the foliage and upon hatching , the caterpillars subsist .	I
Aborigines often pluck whole branches from the tree and pick off the berries at their leisure .	O
Professor for applied plant sciences at the Technical University of Darmstadt and ralf Kaldenhoff ( * 2 October 1958 ) is a German botanist .	I
The east summit is high and is entirely within Hautes-Alpes .	O
She is the 2013 JGP Czech Republic champion and the 2014 Russian junior national bronze medalist .	O
Finished 36th in the 2012 Giro della Toscana and she was a member of Team TIBCO in 2012 .	I
Bitcoin services such as tumblers are often available on Tor , and some – such as Grams – offer darknet market integration .	O
The two-story brick rear ell was built in 1849 and joined to the main house in the early-1900s .	O
Produced by Steve Power and it was written by Barlow .	I
Played college football there from 1900 to 1902 and he next enrolled at Northwestern University School of Law .	I
A few years after the program lost its audience and was forgotten only to be returning several years .	O
Editing by David Blackburn and with cinematography by Brad Rushing .	I
Kunwar Suresh Singh was a close associate of Mahatma Gandhi and taken active participation in Gandhi ’ s every moment .	O
Cinematography was done by Avi Karpick , and William T. Stromberg did the music .	O
Raised in Voronezh and anton Buslov was born .	I
Foreigners were expected to learn Spanish and immigrants were required to be Roman Catholic .	I
Well as passengers as its ships carried freight .	I
Milne was unmarried and without issue .	O
He faced Rodrigo Lima in the semifinals at and won via submission in the third round .	O
It would be privately funded but would offer NHS services .	O
Work started in January 2006 and was completed on schedule .	O
It was still used at first , but fell out of use by 1946 .	O
Fein , G. G. , & Clarke-Stewart , K. A .	O
He obtained his bachelor 's degree from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and later on got his medical degree from Albany Medical College .	O
The Senate failed to act on it but in 1975 , the Assembly passed the bill .	I
An associate of the journalists ' collective Homelands Productions and he is a member of the National Book Critics Circle .	I
S. S. Rajamouli launched the audio CD and gave it to M. M. Keeravani .	O
He thinks it all a misunderstanding and does not take it seriously .	O
Mcginness died at Hollywood Repatriation Hospital and was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery .	O
This was a bureaucratic network and a hierarchy of functionaries .	O
Until 1919 , the UFA 's political activities were limited to advocacy , but that year it decided to run candidates in the 1921 provincial election .	O
Expected to rely on the support of these Progressives to govern , and liberal Prime Minister-designate William Lyon MacKenzie King had only a minority .	I
They had a son Jimmy Butler , born in 1893 , and daughter Lilly Butler , who was born the following year .	O
A separate parking brake , plus braking when moving ) .	I
He was visiting professor at Columbia from 1961 – 1962 , and in 1963 he was appointed professor of philosophy at MIT .	O
Edmund Wragge was 15 years of age at the time and the impact of these events must have been considerable .	O
Some people loved him , and some people really hated him . "	I
May be the most difficult stage in the Tour 's five-year history , and this has already been declared the queen stage of the 2010 Tour .	I
The circuit course was long , and it was covered four times .	O
" Asia Democracy and Human Rights Award	O
Ellaz joined the Newtown Jets in 2011 and quickly cemented his position at lock .	O
Macros are needed only in rare cases and are implemented using the quote function .	O
He was also adviser of the French justice minister and speaker of the government from 1995 to 2006 .	O
Roger received charge of Edinburgh Castle in 1177 , and he built the first Burton Agnes Manor House .	O
For his performance , Laser won Best Actor at the Austin Fantastic Fest and was nominated for the LA Scream Awards for Best Villain in 2010 .	O
Ghwarriepoort Pass , or just Ghwarriepoort .	O
It was established in 1996 and is published by Routledge .	O
He is 1.85m tall and weighs 105 kg .	O
The building process was finished a year later and on November 28 , 1954 , Rev .	O
Khawar Rizvi was fond of knowledge and learning since his early childhood .	O
Her mother ( Chapman ) drives her from home and Jimmy takes her to O 'Rourke 's hotel .	O
He has released 19 solo albums up to now , and is currently active as Seoul 's Ambassador for Environment .	O
A one-light window at a lower level in the right bay , and on each floor is a three-light window in the left bay .	I
Injected intra-muscularily ( IM ) or subcutaneously ( SC ) .	O
Exposes the islands twice a day throughout the year and tidal saline water from the Bay of Bengal alternatively drowns .	I
Takes him under her care and chiharu finds him in the street .	I
Took command of the 27 BCA , for two years and on 31 August 2007 , Le Nen was promoted to colonel .	I
Bréard ordered the imprisonment of thirty members of the fleet , and in September 1793 , a planned naval mutiny was uncovered .	I
An accident turned the island into a ruined wasteland , but military leaders sought to use Core to develop weapons .	I
Her first novel was shortlisted for the Commonwealth Writers ' Prize , and her work has been translated into over half a dozen languages .	I
Was ordained to the priesthood on May 21 , 1842 , and o 'Connell studied at St. Patrick 's College , Maynooth .	I
Can motivate workers as well and the corporate race enables company bonding .	I
In 2001 she first learned about MMA , and berezikova arrived in Saint Petersburg in 1999 .	I
Is expected to be completed within 13 month and construction on the processing facility began in November 2009 .	I
He races on a number 9 bike , and he is nicknamed " Hot Sauce " .	I
The most populated one is Zhodzina but its seat is the town of Smalyavichy .	I
Moved there in 1770 and jefferson inherited Monticello in 1757 .	I
The vegetable garden was built and maintained through slave labor .	O
He was a SuperPrep All-American and the nation 's No .	O
The serving Member of Parliament is John Glen , and it forms part of the Salisbury parliamentary constituency .	I
Committed his life to Jesus and shortly after Rob attended their church .	I
Together they have led Bayside Church and in 1994 Rob Buckingham married Christie McClay .	I
The lecturers are carefully chosen and are often distinguished scientists .	O
Was completed on February 15 , 1943 , and construction began on July 3 , 1942 .	I
Is also the producer for the new record " and turner , had previously produced " Day In .	I
Decided to go through with the pregnancy but however Angela was revealed to be terminally ill .	I
However Waverley had a miscarriage but soon fell pregnant again .	O
Women 's rights activist born in 1932 and molly Rush is a Catholic anti-war , civil .	I
He was appointed as the Sub Chief of Bishop of Cochin and as the chief of the all Orithorians in Sri Lanka .	O
Spent 17 years in prison and he was sent to Robben Island .	I
In 1910 , Cooke built and flew a Montgomery-type glider .	O
Compared to Beachy 's aircraft , the Wiseman biplane was under powered and Beachy beat him easily in all five days of the event .	O
Issued on CD including and her work has been recorded :	I
Other issues can be plentiful and readily available to collectors .	O
The courts should recognise and appreciate that fact .	O
The first species appeared in the Upper Ordovician , and the last genera survived until the Middle Permian .	O
Is considered as the Siva of Neelamperoor temple and the idol of the vazhappally temple is centuries old .	I
Played football and ran track	I
Litchfield received expenses but no wages .	O
After 25 years of work , Southern Aroostook Community School was built and opened in April 1976 at a cost of $ 3 million .	O
Won the Maine state Class D championship against the Vinalhaven Vikings and in 2018 , the Lady Warriors high school basketball team competed for .	I
Provash Chandra Roy of CPI ( M ) won 1972,1971,1969and 1967.Jugal Charan Santra of Congress won in 1962 .	O
Priya Ranjan Sen of Congress won from Tollygunge ( North ) constituency and Ambica Chakraborty of CPI won from Tollygunge ( South ) constituency .	O
Users can choose from the existing list of plugins or create their own applications using the provided API .	O
Ibn Khalawayh was a famous scholar during his lifetime , and assembled a circle of disciples in regular literary reunions .	O
Then of the Isle of Wight and his father was deputy governor of Portsmouth .	I
It was reconstructed as Oku-Komyo-En Sanatorium , Okayama Prefecture and the Sotojima sanatorium was destroyed in Muroto Typhoon in 1934 .	I
Was loved by patients and he was an able administrator .	I
Filming for the pilot began and finally , Roden found Migui Moreno .	I
Change of directions led their music to a different genre but like Dunkel , Jeffrey 's band used to be heavy metal .	I
Customs House ( Newport , Vermont ) and " United States Courthouse , Post Office	I
The Carp gave up pursuing legal action , and the suit with Nomura was later settled .	O
As an eight-year-old boy , he began writing to his favorite writers and by 16 had decided he wanted to become a crime novelist .	O
In October 2017 also VOO ( operator for French speaking Belgium ) and provider Orange started distributing Viceland giving Viceland national distribution in Belgium .	O
Stayed on as a full professor at the college , but leech only coached football for one year at Geneva .	I
The U.S. District Court dismissed his suit in November 2017 , but ganim challenged the denial in federal court on constitutional grounds .	I
The Colorado Avalanche made him a qualifying offer to retain his NHL rights and , on July 5 , 2015 , Clark filed for salary arbitration .	O
Guidewire enhanced the scripting language over the next 8 years , and released Gosu 0.7 beta to the community in November 2010 .	O
Covers the top news in the nonprofit sector , and each webcast runs at less than seven minutes .	I
Part of the estate of the Peppers of Ballygarth Castle and early in the 19th century , Mosney was a manor house .	I
Was saved by the tribals and he felt unconscious in the forest .	I
Joined the gang and vikraman accepted the offer .	I
Then , Shanku disguised himself as a Carnatic music teacher and took up the role of Kunjikkavu 's music teacher .	O
( None has the right to be worshipped but Allah the Incomparably Great , the Compassionate .	O
His son Patrick Seale was a British journalist and author who specialised in the Middle East .	O
Married Mary D Ludlow pianist Dolores Ventura in 1948 , and slaney was educated at the Royal College of Music .	I
In June 1952 the division returned from Korea and renamed as 79th Infantry Division ( ) .	O
The music score was by Franz Waxman and the cinematography by James Wong Howe .	O
In June 1952 the division returned from Korea and renamed as 80th Infantry Division ( ) .	O
Signed a contract with St. Steven and in 2007 , he moved to L.A. .	I
Spent approximately three years in the club 's academy and pjanić joined Metz at age 14 on a youth contract .	I
Initially he worked on a hanging monorail concept , but could not get the financing for a prototype .	O
He miraculously survives , becoming radioactive , and in the process gaining special powers .	O
It was first isolated and characterized by S.J .	O
Deceased rabbits must be removed immediately and discarded in a safe manner .	O
Elizabeth Margaret Cator and michael Claude Hamilton Bowes-Lyon .	I
It was built for staff and patients of the Hospital .	O
Soon after the ordeal , Mina has now moved on , and is implied to be starting a new life with Seward .	O
His remains were then buried in his family tomb in Brisighella and pope Benedict XVI celebrated his funeral Mass on the following 16 October .	I
It was previously a TV mini-series , but Nia was not involved with this .	O
Upa refers to Ulipristal acetate " and " ( LNG refers to Levonorgestrel " ) . "	I
Smith also kicked 6 drop goals in the 2014 regular season for Wigan as well as earning a spot in the 2014 Super League Dream Team .	O
Peaked at number 16 in the UK Singles Chart and " Army Dreamers " was released on 22 September 1980 .	I
The corps reentered Luxembourg on 22 January 1945 , and six days later reached the Our River again .	O
Ensuing events led to the Battle of Stillman 's Run , but finding no allies , he attempted to return to Iowa .	I
Gave the Lubavitch Collection to the Russian State Library and the new Soviet regime , however , nationalized the warehouse .	I
The documentary briefly recounts the stories of Abraham believing in one god and the ultimate test that God gave him to sacrifice his son .	O
They succeeded in having the Romans withdraw from the area and once he was far enough away , the rebellion was launched .	I
Ray would come out and hug Brooke afterwards .	O
Shiraishi Hanjiro was born in 1842 and was a lower class samurai .	O
He would eventually receive a Menkyo Kaiden in this system and started teaching kusarigamajutsu alongside jojutsu in his Fukuoka dojo .	O
2 years later a conditioning mousse followed and in 1985 , Sunsilk styling mousse was launched .	I
Villa Foresta today is owned by a real estate company and rented out to the Swedish-based hotel chain Scandic Hotels .	O
Eventually miscarries , and arlene refuses .	I
In September the first DAN Instructor Training Workshop was held , and the Oxygen First Aid Training program was introduced to Europe .	O
Converted its facilities into a hospital for soldiers and in 1861 , he closed St. Joseph 's College .	I
Hayley turned to the bottle and Will Cortlandt for comfort .	O
Ryan swam out into the ocean and carried Hayley back to shore .	O
Three forward bases were stocked with over of stores , and over of water was stored in the forward area .	I
A family funeral service was held in Far Oakridge , and a thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey on 13 June .	O
In the 1950s , Doone founded the Theatre School at Morley College , and worked there until his premature retirement as a result of multiple sclerosis .	O
Appointed coadjutor bishop of Orléans on 29 September 1876 " and he was appointed as titular bishop of " Sidonia .	I
Was co-established by François Grosjean in 1998 and the journal is published by Cambridge University Press .	I
Kannur Airport is now the biggest and most advanced airport in Kerala .	O
He left school at the age of 14 and drifted before becoming involved in financial services .	O
Liversidge 's internment was confirmed and the application for disclosure was refused .	I
In the remaining space , compartments in the sponsons were created fore and aft of the side hatches for " flying dustbin " ammunition .	O
There are some capsules that are plant-based and that can be compostable as bio-waste .	O
Sketch regularly in his spare time or during this period Best did not paint .	I
Are dependent for about eight weeks but the chicks fledge in another 22 days .	I
Has a running time of 596 minutes , and the DVD set consists of three discs .	I
Encouraged her daughter to get involved with the community , and tree 's mother Mary was an extensive charity worker .	I
Two years later was elected the county chairwoman , and marietta Tree immediately joined the Lexington Democratic Club .	I
His father worked in a lumber mill and brought home small scraps of wood .	O
The foreign owner of the farm sued the government and eventually the victims were paid some monetary compensation .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
The district features shaded winding residential lanes , and a large assemblage of well-preserved period buildings .	O
These are shrubs and small trees .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Most of its levels take place in large outdoor areas and unlike its predecessor , it is set in the Pacific theater .	I
Later extended his contract until 31 December 2005 and in December 2004 he was signed by Mogi Mirim .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
In 1777 , Harrod became a justice in Kentucky County , and was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1779 .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
He was born in Luckenwalde ( Prussia ) on 8 April 1801 and died in Valdivia ( Chile ) on 10 July 1889 ) .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
The Avestan language noun " haurvatat " is grammatically feminine and in scripture the divinity Haurvatat is a female entity .	O
He later defeated the Team Rocket leader Giovanni in a one-on-one Pokémon battle and captured Team Rocket 's ultimate weapon , the genetically created Pokémon Mewtwo .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
He returned to Germany in 1951 , and appeared in many films made there .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
The fact that they have members high-up in the government infrastructure and sam tries to explain the existence of " Management " to him .	I
The St. Lawrence River is one of the largest rivers in the world and historically was the means of access to the centre of North America .	O
He was best known for his association with the champion Poseidon and accumulated an impressive record of major wins with this horse .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Coauthored a number of books and he has published numerous peer-reviewed articles .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
The opera was withdrawn after 14 performances and seems never to have been revived .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Web site owned by UBM and packaging Digest is a trade publication .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Tries to persuade Luca to join a rift between them , and chitose joins Arca to further their cause of a utopia for avatars , causing .	I
She grew up in Detroit , and davis is a first-generation Ukrainian-American .	I
The 2012 edition was released on January 24 , 2012 , and covers the top contenders for the 54th Annual Grammy Awards .	O
Lives in Sebastopol , California and mcdonald is married to Richard Haynes .	I
Are still unfulfilled but they have it all .	I
Essential principle remains the same to limit needs but this practice may vary among different sects of Jains .	I
Savua died on 30 May 2011 and was cremated on 3 June .	O
Was confirmed by the Florida Bar in January 1991 and he became board certified in real estate law in 1989 .	I
Gow remained the sole operator of the network , and no financial details of the relationship were announced .	I
Are assisted in the society duties by its Friends ' Consultative Committee , and the society members join in nominating a trustee to the foundation board .	I
The average family size was 2.17 , and the average household size was 1.88 .	I
The median reported household income was $ 69,327 , and the median per capita income was $ 21,587 .	O
From 1958 the president of PCCC , and from 1956 he was the vice-president .	I
Many of them were records and tasks in chess composition .	O
The reception was positive , and the song stayed in .	O
The most popular sports club from Kratovo is FK Sileks and they play their games at the Gradski stadion Kratovo .	O
Very young , " recalled Gaitskill and " She struck me as very bright .	I
Roads were paved and improved greatly .	O
His division was a natural one by means of Wandsworth Common , and lord Tweedmouth felt the area of the proposed borough was unwieldy .	I
Their members begin carrying weapons and the Council notices the passive resistance .	I
He has been living in Uppsala , Sweden since then , and he moved to Sweden as political asylum seeker in 1978 .	I
The Arch Creek school burned down in 1927 and was replaced in 1928 by the W.J .	O
In 1978 Dade County leased the land from the State of Florida and began making plans to turn it into a passive recreation facility .	O
The Park exists as the only preserved archaeological site in the County , and remains of the original coontie mill are still visible across the creek .	I
Sang a wreath and so I shifted my focus . "	I
Thus , these models have sealed bodies with few or no opening parts ( The Anatomy 2006 ) .	O
The Houston First Corporation operates the facility , and the City of Houston owns the building .	I
He was buried in January 1987 and his body was discovered in December 1985 .	I
" He 's got no hair but we don 't care , "	O
Is located in proximity of the Passolanciano-Majelletta ski resort and guardiagrele is part of the National Park of the Majella .	I
Guaranteed that a further £ 2m would be forthcoming , and the venture capital company 3i had provided £ 1m .	I
Is the best faculty of the university and the Faculty of Economics has around 700 students .	I
Was awarded an honorary Oscar and finally in 1972 he triumphantly returned .	I
He eventually made the squad for the final tournament , but did not play , as Italy reached the final .	O
Finished fourth in the 1965 Heisman Trophy race and anderson held many of Texas Tech 's football records .	I
As Minister for Financial Markets from 2006 to 2010 and he served as Minister for Communications from 1991 to 1994 .	I
Signed a contract extension to the end of the 2006 season and smith was however named Super League coach of the year for 2005 .	I
Branded as the G21 and the Gigabeat G was updated .	I
They are two distinct groups today and have many differences between them .	O
He rejected the opportunity to join the coaching staff at Chesterfield , and instead signed with Northern Premier League Division One South club Sheffield .	O
Added another 36 league appearances to his tally and tinkler made a similar impact for the following season .	I
His last job in football was assistant manager and reserve team manager at Hartlepool United F.C .	O
It is about 750 kilometers long , and drains most of South Sumatra province .	O
The second condition states that entropy is at a maximum , and the first condition states that entropy is at an extremum .	I
Two activists then boarded " Algomarine " and chained themselves to the self-unloading boom .	O
The county was established in 1881 and named in honor of J.A .	O
Moreover , these women can work up to the age of 75 and their daughters are likely to be servants in the same households .	O
Kim had struggled to make the 135lb weight limit , and had to lose several pounds shortly before the fight .	O
6.2 % Norwegian ancestry and 69.4 % were of German .	I
29.1 % Norwegian ancestry and 46.9 % were of German .	I
96.7 % spoke English , 1.5 % Spanish and 1.2 % German as their first language .	O
9.7 % were American , and in terms of ancestry .	I
Since the late 20th century , the county has voted mostly Democratic , but the demographics of political alignments have changed markedly since the 19th century .	O
This caused the county residents to become an extremely independent populace , and they named their county " The Independent Republic of Horry " .	O
A port for shrimp boats and it is a popular tourist area .	I
Eventually the election was decided in Hampton 's favor , and the Democrats also took control of the state legislature .	O
Its estimated 2015 population had declined a little to 46,017 , and as of the 2010 census , its population was 46,734 .	I
Well as Academy training via satellite as deputies receive training from in-house certified instructors .	I
A long range plan is in place , and the agency will grow with the county .	O
Occupied the area beginning in 1861 and union troops took control of Beaufort County .	I
Kept in second-class status for decades and they were excluded from the political system .	I
In 1810 , Susquehanna County was formed out of Luzerne County and later in 1812 , Montrose was made the county seat .	O
In most they won by over 20 % and in the 2008 election Republicans won in all races .	I
Finns who arrived during 1638 and the first European settlers were Swedes .	I
Historically , mills were a popular business in Perry County , and the county currently has 21 known non-operational mills still standing .	O
Is included in Philadelphia 's Media Market and northampton County also borders the Delaware Valley	I
Its largest city is Hermitage , and its county seat is Mercer .	I
The Concord Narrows and these are Hawstone Overlook .	I
Residential land makes up more than 50,000 acres , or one fifth , of Juniata County 's area .	O
3.95 % reported speaking Pennsylvania German , German , or Dutch at home ; 1.63 % speak Spanish .	O
Is home to a number of rare species and the Westfall Prairie is also located in Fayette Township .	I
Became the most-viewed channel on YouTube in February 2017 and t-series began gaining massive amounts of subscribers in early 2016 .	I
Had a home constructed for his family and in 1899 , Russell Sackett bought the land .	I
Charged black rings and she worked on Young projection operators , rotating .	I
Alice Markus married Friedrich Simon Archenhold in July 1897 and they went on to have 5 children together .	O
Began studying art with their uncle , the painter and drawing teacher , Georges Grisel ( 1811-1877 ) .	O
Made the acquaintance of the anarchist , James Guillaume and later , he became a member of the Jura Federation .	I
Costa played volleyball for her entire adolescence and she almost became a professional player .	O
The lower parts have shed their leaves and sometimes the scaly leaf bases remain .	O
Late December that year he was appointed Government Mining Representative in London , but resigned less than a year later , returning around 1 July 1898 .	O
He served as Member of the Board ( 2004 – 2006 ) and President ( 2008 – 2010 ) of the Austrian Psychological Association .	O
Initiated the funding and he offered Rs 500 .	I
Was constructed under a separate contract in 1894 and the early awning was colonnaded with cast iron supports .	I
Have three children and he married Firdani Saugi .	I
Presumably refers to the Bauple State Forest but the origin of the name is not reported .	I
The cave could potentially extend much deeper and become the deepest in the world .	O
Ends with the coup d 'état of June 7 , 1846 and the Political Constitution of 1844 is issued on April 9 , 1844 .	I
The Political Constitution of 1871 was issued and sanctioned on December 7 , 1871 .	O
In Leipzig the ADF courses were organised and headed up by Dr Käthe Windscheid .	O
Finish in November 2019 and it will start in April .	I
They were cheering and chairing us .	O
Curnow was born in Stanthorpe and grew up in Toowoomba .	O
Was engaged with Arabic pedagogy throughout his career , and he co-wrote an Arabic textbook with Adel Allouche .	I
Was educated in the public schools and chilsen was born in Merrill , Wisconsin .	I
Le Monde diplomatique and the PCF .	O
One of the directors of the Lenzie Convalescent Home , and she was on the committee of the Dykebar Asylum .	I
She went on to complete a Master of Law ( LLM ) and a Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD ) from University of Cambridge .	O
Re-released in 2006 in the United states , and billiards was released in October 2004 worldwide .	I
He was the inaugural captain of Parramatta and a foundation player of the club .	O
Made his debut for Western Suburbs in 1943 and andrews played Rugby Union for Parramatta before switching codes .	I
Culminated in the club finishing in 1945 and slattery 's time at Souths was not very successful last .	I
Their first Railway Cup title since and it was their 23rd Railway Cup title overall 1955 .	I
It was their 16th Railway Cup title overall and their first Railway Cup title since 1946 .	O
He was also reeve and constable of Salisbury .	O
Mayor of Salisbury and he was also reeve .	I
In 2013 , she retired and became an emeritus astronomer .	O
Roel Boomstra won this match and became World Draughts Champion .	O
Final iconic character in the genre of daytime television and mckinsey portrayed Baroness Alexandra Spaulding Von Halkein , her second .	I
" Acrobats " ( 1950-1952 ) ) or see " Divers " ( 1952 .	I
Ben is detected by the Machine , and caught by the now hypnotised Polly .	O
Has a bittersweet ending which the Viennese loved , and this was one of Lehár 's later works .	I
Spending the summer with some friends in Blanquefort , France ) and ellul believes he was about 17 ( 1929 – 30 .	I
Was part of Varat Eyalet until and it was occupied by the Ottomans in 1660 1692 .	I
It premiered in July 2014 and ran for six episodes .	O
Lazutkin attended the Moscow Aviation Institute and received a mechanical engineering degree .	O
" Protarchaeopteryx " had long legs , and could have been a quick runner .	O
Holds pro-life views and she is Roman Catholic .	I
Well as composer as leigh was the producer .	I
At that time five Shahi Dynasties were born and one of them was " Bijapur " .	O
By 1818 , the whole of Bijapur was occupied by the British and was included in the territory assigned to the Raja of Satara .	O
Be under the South Western Railway and the Bijapur-Shahabad line would run 156.60 km .	I
Rules were strict and accommodations minimal .	O
He worked at NPO Energia until 1994 , and was then President of Lendint-Association until 2000 .	O
Is found in the moss subclass Bryopsida and this articulation of the teeth is termed arthrodontous .	I
Amp Vocational & " Pauline Johnson Collegiate ; School	I
Among them was a number of Hungarian deserters and Italian escapees from POW camps in Poland .	O
Kate St John performed with Van Morrison for many years and more recently has been musical director for Marianne Faithfull .	O
Very first case in " Secret Origins " vol and grell would write a retelling of Green Arrow 's origin .	I
Egyptian casualties soared into the thousands , but french casualties amounted to roughly 300 .	I
Several more were injured and three more people were killed .	I
Addis sued for breach of promise , but left San Francisco before the trial .	O
For fuel to be carried in external ballast tanks for increased endurance and welded hulls were considerably stronger , allowing a diving depth of 350 ft .	I
They too suffered from exposed bridges especially during heavy , but the following Group One boats had a slightly different bridge shape , weather .	I
Establish constitutions based on democratic electoral models and tribes were encouraged to re-establish their tribal governments .	I
In 1902 Zapolska ran a drama school in Kraków and the Gabriela Zapolska Independent Theatre was founded later .	O
A cloned drive can replace the original , rather than simply containing backup copies of files .	O
He readily supported the U.S. Public Health Service and agreed to remove state inspectors in Chinatown .	O
Is a good substitute for Brazilian elodea and american water weed is an attractive aquarium plant .	I
Its first " tankōbon " was published on March 19 , 2009 , and in 2011 it was moved to the " Ultra Jump " website .	O
Redrew the first several chapters of the series and with a six-month lead time , Kishimoto repeatedly revised .	I
The apartments were initially supposed to be sold , but insufficient interest resulted in the apartments being let .	O
It was unable to complete the legislative process into law but a similar bill was introduced in 1998 by Senator Phil Gramm .	I
Clifford Demarest played an important role in its first two decades , and henry Houseley was a Founder of the American Guild of Organists .	I
From 1953 until 1989 , it was for all intents and purposes the only legally permitted party in the country .	O
His party was punished by the voters for it , and canada suffered an economic depression during Mackenzie 's term .	I
He was thus able to free Pergamon , and greatly increase the territories under his control .	O
The main entrance crosses a corridor and leads into the Concert Hall .	O
This measures by and is high .	O
Above any image rapidly fades , and below no image is formed .	I
Became Woolwich PLC and in 1997 it demutualised .	I
He fell ill from influenza on the journey , and died on 22 March 1921 , aged 54 .	O
It is emphatically a feat of virtuosity rather than a tribute to virtue . "	O
Was hampered by poor health but he worked on a new novel .	I
He was born into a family of doctors and was encouraged to follow in their footsteps .	O
Formed Vectorbeam and rosenthal left Cinematronics .	I
They comprised about half of the UPA membership in 1943 , and former policemen constituted a large proportion of the UPA leadership .	I
Ukrainian guerrillas were intercepted and most were executed .	O
Sue also financed and distributed A.F.O .	O
Scored a goal for them in the 1992 FA Cup Final and later in his career , Thomas went on to play for Liverpool .	I
1,556 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 25 businesses in this sector .	O
It was several times expanded and rebuilt over the centuries .	O
Fan of Barrie 's and snow , an elderly friend .	I
Took on a new look in 1980 and the Turn of the Century roller coaster closed .	I
Announced plans to issue new stock on the New York Stock Exchange , and six Flags officially emerged from bankruptcy protection on May 3 , 2010 .	I
The area 's theme comes from the Mardi Gras holiday , and specifically the famous celebration of the holiday in New Orleans .	O
Is limited in producing up to 200 pages until appropriately licensed but freeflow Print Server ( FFPS ) , formerly DocuSP is VIPP enabled .	I
Started planning a third runway and the Germans then made several taxiways .	I
Remains as the only fighter force at the airfield and in October 1954 , Squadron 338 was rebased from Sola .	I
Corrosion on metal parts removed , and the wooden framework was cleaned .	I
Covered the entire " Tanakh " , and his commentaries were written in Arabic .	I
Ordered his troops to press on the attack on Xiapi , and chen Deng refused to start peace talks with Lü Bu .	I
Had the side effect of encouraging regionalistic tendencies , but this policy was meant to reduce dialectal miscommunication .	I
There was French champagne and sound brandy " .	O
The ship was at least 14 metres long and contained a beam 3 metres in width .	O
John died in 1760 and Mary in 1799 .	O
This also involved rearrangement of the corridor windows and the blocking up of a western window .	O
Were intrinsic to Queensland Government education philosophies and landscape elements were often constructed to standard designs .	I
In 1990 the school celebrated its 125th anniversary of establishment and an anniversary souvenir booklet was published for the event .	O
The ceiling of the second floor corridor is sheet-and-battens with timber cornice and the ceiling of the first floor corridor is concrete with moulded concrete cornice .	I
As " Anti-semitism , its History and Causes " ) ( 1894 )	O
Changed their name to Grand Prix and paris signed a record deal with RCA .	I
Box was looking for a singer who could reach the high notes , and uriah Heep 's singer , Steff Fontaine , had just been fired .	I
Everyone tries to keep their distance from him , and news of Michael 's " family " spreads .	I
Temperatures do not often fall below freezing in the winter , nor do they often rise above 90 degrees in the summer .	O
He was the original bass guitarist for Uriah Heep and played on the band 's first three albums .	O
Remained with him into the 2000s and in September 1977 he joined Acker Bilk .	I
The first two films were directed by Andrew Adamson and the third film was directed by Michael Apted .	O
Consequently , " investors will hold onto stocks that have lost value ... and will be eager to sell stocks that have risen in value . "	O
In the first , they had $ 1,000 and had to select one of two choices .	O
Given to Brun for life and the office of burgomaster was created .	I
Displacement was standard and full load .	O
Registered with the Registry of Societies on 14 August 1999 and the Old Andersonian Alumni Society ( OAAS ) was officially created .	I
He is of Italian descent and currently resides in Melbourne Australia	O
Nicholas visited the Chelsea Flower Show in 1929 , obtained many plants and engaged a Cornishman , Percival Trevaskis , to do the landscaping .	O
Is approximately from the Brisbane central business district and forest Lake lies within the Brisbane City Council municipality .	I
Features an entry statement and each village was marketed separately .	I
The specific variant used in the Olympic Games , and olympic Skeet is a variant of skeet shooting .	I
Migrated all customers to its Cricket Wireless " Pay Go " service , and leap Wireless retired the Jump Mobile brand on February 26 , 2010 .	I
During his service he presided at some time or other over every Conference in the U.S.A .	O
He was survived by his wife and three of their five children .	O
Mercury withdrew their T4 engine and the split was confirmed .	O
Reach a top speed around 120 km / and the boats uses a Mercury 60 HP stock EPA engine h .	I
Eventually immigration officials the process for deporting Kittu and this led to numerous complaints being lodged with UK officials started .	I
In November 1810 , took command of the Reserve Cavalry Corps , and from October 1809 to July 1810 Czaplic commanded the 7th Division .	I
Smile at violence it of it or " No Country for Old Men " doesn 't celebrate ; despairs . "	I
All units were eventually scrapped , and no units survived into preservation .	I
Was stored in sidings in Crewe and 304021 was purchased for preservation in 1998 .	I
First class was restored in 1970 and they regained their former identities .	O
New processes were hindered and routine made compulsory .	O
He was arrested at the disturbances outside the 1968 Democratic National Convention and was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in the Chicago Seven case .	O
Afterwards the number increased little by little , taking more and more into account the number of the represented countries .	O
They regained their former identities and first class was restored in 1970 .	I
A specially formed Motor-Driving Trailer 2-car unit , or the Crossens shuttle was a 3-car unit .	I
This line is broken , and is difficult to interpret .	O
He attacks Raghav and jai lets Rupali escape .	I
Does not self-pollinate and the species is tetraploid .	I
Cudlitz was born on Long Island , New York and grew up in Lakewood Township , New Jersey .	O
Aleksander Ładoś refused to dismiss him and tried to extend his status .	O
He settled in his native San Diego and died on October 22 , 1961 .	O
Sequel to " Gujjubhai the Great " ( 2015 ) and this is the second film in " Gujjubhai " film series .	I
" 2005 European Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships	O
After attending Arkansas State University , she self-released one album , and she began playing her father 's guitar as a teenager .	I
Wants to see her and the maids friends show up .	I
Men , released on January 19 , 2018 through Rise Records & defy is the fifth studio album by American metalcore band Of Mice .	I
He named it " Scymnus lophanthae " , and thought it was a native American species .	O
It premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and was released digitally on March 13 , 2018 .	O
Manufactured by British American and today , the brand is owned Tobacco .	I
Has beaten Chris Landman 3 – 2 in the first round , and the following year , he qualified for the tournament once again .	I
They concentrated on getting the Olympic nomination for the United Team of Germany and did thus not go to the 1964 European Rowing Championships in Amsterdam .	O
Some of the same tracks two years and columbia Records released an album with the same title later .	I
The jail is now used as the city 's polling place , and the first floor of the city hall now houses retail space .	O
It curves gently upwards and has wavy edges .	O
It was directed by Nicki Wendt , and its libretto was by Louis Nowra .	I
Served two more terms before refusing to run again and she was elected the first president of the Norfolk League .	I
Entered Fyodor Rerberg 's Moscow School of Painting and yuri became interested in art early in his life .	I
She was succeeded by Natalie Smith Buck , and gottlieb 's second term ended in 1954 .	I
Captured him and she attacked him .	I
Decided to take a short cut from the Black Canyon Trail and on one occasion he had to go to the city of Prescott .	I
Passes some churches along its route and it winds its way around some ponds .	I
Palmer then decided not to stand for election in 1990 and retired from politics , returning to his academic career .	O
The Aggrey-Fraser-Guggisberg Memorial Lectures in 1972 , and b. Danquah Memorial Lectures in 1970 .	I
" one 's job can never be finished " " and his two favorite sayings were " complacency breeds arrogance .	I
The company was sold to the Ford Motor Company in June 2001 , and was , in turn , sold to the Omnicom Group in 2005 .	O
Help the poor of their village and he wants to make Prasad a doctor .	I
It started on 12 December 2016 and concluded on 12 February 2017 .	O
Has successfully completed his postgraduate studies at the University of Sheffield and endri has a degree in electronics engineering from the University of Florence .	I
The Three Sides Live Tour was a North American and European concert tour by English rock band Genesis .	O
Haseki returned as voivode in 1779 , and exiled many of his Turkish opponents .	O
Demanded the payment of 200,000 piastres from them , and he summoned the Athenian primates there in 1794 .	I
It was founded in 1828 and is based in Budapest .	O
The city is surrounded by several hills and is the headquarters of Mirzapur district .	O
West is totally regular and the shape to the north .	I
Grant is busy redesigning the DC Universe and I 've moved onto new projects .	O
A passing ship takes him aboard , and a man named Montgomery revives him .	O
He believes that Moreau has been vivisecting humans and that he is the next test subject .	O
At one time had its own dining hall , and dearmont Hall has its own private enclosed courtyard .	I
Oudh was only reconquered after several campaigns lasting for eighteen months , and the lieutenant-governor died when shut up in the fort at Agra .	I
Scored 8 touchdowns rushing and he also gained 482 yards .	I
A family of Ḥosaynid Alids was influential and provided a number of community leaders .	O
" WCO " plays unfold quicker than in traditional offenses and are usually based on timing routes by the receivers .	O
Executing these plays successfully could establish momentum and dictate the flow of the game .	O
It moved to its own premises in 1895 and in 1880 was created a permanent post office organisation .	I
As the forceps are closed , the teeth engage and keep the instrument 's grasping surfaces from separating .	O
He played for the Jets from 2000 to 2007 and for the Miami Dolphins from 2008 to 2010 .	O
Pennington won the Jets pre-season quarterback competition , and started the 2006 season in pre-injury form .	O
Never returned to the league and however , the team suspended operations .	I
He had to flee for France , and his citizenship was withdrawn in 1926 .	I
Henriksen found work as a muralist and as a laborer on ships .	O
Extra key along with the key if capitals were required or various other languages ' characters could be typed by holding down the ALT , SHIFT .	I
Made a cameo appearance as a Stormtrooper in " " , and in 2015 , he produced the live album " " .	I
It made its first appearance in the issue dated 8 November 1980 , and ran until 1983 when it was replaced with " Cliff Hanger " .	O
It was the first Junkie XL full-length to chart in the U.S. , and featured the hit single , " More " , with Lauren Rocket .	O
Roman the Great united the principalities of Halych ( Galicia ) and Volhynia into a state that existed from 1199 to 1349 .	O
They go to a restaurant and david picks her up from work .	I
She has been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .	O
Received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and she has been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame .	I
He would remain a customs officer throughout the First World War and until he was well established as a writer in 1937 .	O
Has a bioavailability of 85 % and milnacipran is well absorbed after oral dosing .	I
Supported young journalists and the Fund provided scholarships .	I
Cool C got back off tour and the group was dropped before Steady B .	I
Fans reacted positively to the characters ' relationship , and dubbed the couple the portmanteau " Evian " .	O
Acid Tiger signed to Deathwish Inc. in July 2009 , and released their self-titled debut on April 27 , 2010 .	O
Cheng Pu fought in several battles and had been wounded many times .	O
He created more traditional klezmer music as well , but katz is most well known for his parodies .	I
His solo performances include songs from his past , as well as newer material from his solo period .	O
Had served as Taoiseach on three occasions and haughey had been party leader for thirteen years .	I
This album was remastered and re-released in 2004 .	O
With increasing crosslinking density also the maximum shear modulus increases ( even at higher temperatures ) .	O
Can go up to $ 300 + and pex tools kits range from under $ 100 .	I
Joins the Thunderbolts and genis travels to Earth .	I
Two helicopter gunships continued to hit suspected strategic positions and managed to flash out several pockets of resistance .	O
By 1939 , Germany had defaulted upon its foreign loans and most of its trade relied upon command economy barter .	O
Only when permitted by the rules of the host stadium — and she rarely travels to away games — bowl games excluded .	I
Parts of the Port of Turku are located there , and a good part of the district is industrial area .	I
Is one of the most influential Czech intellectuals of the 20th century , and he was a close friend of Bohumil Hrabal , another Prague writer .	I
A well-bred Curly will appear slightly leggy but is actually slightly longer than tall .	O
Scored 38 goals for them and he played for Betis 131 times .	I
In 2013 , he married his long-term girlfriend and in summer 2016 , they became parents .	O
( Varèse Sarabande had released the Beethoven Concerto on LP , and it has been reissued on CD several times since ) .	O
A group of Mapuches entered silently and andresillo opened the doors of the fort .	I
The new structure applied and all existing ranks were removed .	I
The House had a Democratic majority , and the Senate had a Republican majority .	I
Senators are listed by class , and Representatives are listed by district .	O
Senators are listed by class , and Representatives are listed by district .	O
The Senate had a Republican majority , and the House had a Democratic majority .	O
The House had a Democratic majority , and the Senate had a Republican majority .	I
The House had a Democratic majority , and the Senate had a Republican majority .	I
Representatives are listed by district , and senators are listed by class .	I
Senators are listed by class , and Representatives are listed by district .	O
Senators are listed by class , and Representatives are listed by district .	O
Many others achieved a double between an individual victory and being a member of a winning relay team .	O
On January 1 , 1881 , the Grand Trunk leased the company , and the line was finished west to Jackson on September 1 , 1884 .	O
Is mentioned in Hesiod 's " Catalogue of Women " and in Greek mythology , Makedon is the eponymous hero of Macedonia .	I
The language of the tablet is a harsh but a distinctly recognizable form of Northwest Greek .	O
They rejoiced on the death of Phillip II and they revolted against Alexander 's Antigonid successors .	O
Than Agustin Delgado rather that can be my priority . "	I
Spinal gains the mask following the tournament 's conclusion , but finds its powers to have been stripped by Gargos .	O
Realizes he has become a pawn of Ultratech , but as a result , T.J. reclaims the title .	I
Learned how to use a six-shooter and waite was the only non-Mormon in town .	I
She did as her psychiatrist instructed , but her lesbian desires did not subside .	O
2 inches or the flower is 1 wide .	I
The event was held in a 32-team triple-knockout event , and the purse for the event was CAD $ 54,000 .	O
The stems are waxy and reddish in color .	O
Was suspended for the rest of the Games and coll tested positive for amphetamine at the 1972 Olympics .	I
Left him his scores and mitropoulos made Dixon his heir .	I
Food offerings include Messy Marvin 's chili cheese fries and ( sometimes ) Crazy Harry 's Barbecue Ribs .	O
Odly enough Rivi is hardly upset by her impending death but seems obsessed by the guilt of leaving Alex alone .	O
She is a coloratura contralto and got married in 2012 .	O
Can play the piano and she is a deep contralto .	I
The audience usually responds to them being a rudo , but this does not apply to all " exóticos " .	I
The award ceremony was originally held at Eastman Theatre in Rochester and now takes place in the Eastman Museum 's Dryden Theatre .	O
Are due to be replaced by 2013 , and the drones have been non-operational since 2007 .	I
The whole matter is spirited and the orchestration is remarkable in skill .	I
A survey was carried out , but the branch was not built .	O
Then sat down to write a short letter to his sister and at the summit he shared a bottle of wine with the guides .	I
The Talons attack Bane 's men , and eventually set their target on Bane .	O
Dick Grayson has finally re-obtained his secret identity and has returned to the role of Nightwing .	O
Is of Armenian descent and mrs. DeWitt is from Canada .	I
That same year became Grand Chaplain of United Grand Lodge , and he joined the Lodge of Antiquity in London in 1863 .	I
The old church was torn down and its materials sold in 1806 .	O
Literally means " Earth-work-lovers " , i.e , and the term Georgofili comes from the Greek .	I
Also gave the film four stars " and it ’ s an impressive effort .	I
" List of projects , centers , and institutes at Metropolitan State University of Denver	O
The title became the MDW Tag Team Championship and in December 1998 , the promotion became Mason-Dixon Wrestling .	I
Cognitively developed children than who are not as sensitive and in general , more sensitive mothers have healthier , more socially those .	I
He was preceded by Charles Gillam and was succeeded by Ole Finstad .	O
His fishballs are favoured by a renowned chef and he is invited to appear on TV .	O
Is buried in the church graveyard and he was later vicar of Broad Chalke .	I
Cornwall was placed back under Royalist control and Hopton ’ s reputation was secured .	O
Changed its name to Fork Union Military Academy and in 1913 , the academy became an all-male institution .	I
Built by Ferranti-Packard in the early 1960s and the FP-6000 was a second-generation mainframe computer developed .	I
Sought help from the Saint Paul Port Authority and by 1989 the foundation had lost $ 9 million .	I
Has over 4 million views and the video is currently on YouTube .	I
The airfield was in service from 1943 until 1947 and was used by Royal Air Force Transport Command .	O
Cry into his fur and i 've had children literally hug . "	I
Bethany thinks she is grown up , but she is just a 15-year-old kid .	O
There is also a Norman font , and benches with carvings of curious animals .	O
Cirrus delivered about 40 kits , and built four additional factory prototypes .	O
He began his career as a striker , but moved gradually into the holding midfielder position .	O
Had difficulty finding his goalscoring form as a senior , but he was a successful striker in his youth years .	I
He received his degree from the UMass School of Education in 1975 , and he was inducted into the UMass Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000 .	O
Is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) and the parish is one of the most affluent areas in Staffordshire .	I
Is Grade II and the building was restored in 1883 * listed .	I
There were 3 businesses in this sector and 32 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
The circulation moved through the country and turned more to the west-northwest .	O
This period saw an end to the decline in union membership , but the net effect is still subject to debate within the movement .	O
He won the silver medal at the 1994 Asian Games and then took his first title 1997 East Asian Games .	O
There were 36 businesses in this sector and 222 people were employed in the secondary sector .	I
Are issued the naval aviator version of the astronaut badge , and naval aviators who fly in space are designated naval astronauts .	I
This victory put them on the verge of the play-off places but cardiff had been tipped for relegation at the start of the season .	I
This book was not originally part of the SIGMA Force series , but its characters were frequently featured in the series ' later novels .	O
Sigma sends operatives to look into both cases , but does not realize these events may be connected .	O
Are popular specimens in the aquarium trade and the freshwater Mastacembelids do not share this characteristic .	I
Tom Elliott received a Rank Prize in 1982 for this work and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1988 .	O
Owain allied himself with Gruffudd , and retreated with him to Gwynedd .	O
Cough in order to clear secretions from the lungs and they must therefore make conscious efforts to take deep breaths .	I
Must be strictly adhered to , and this is a lifelong commitment .	I
Compared Davies ' actions to his own practice of referencing works , and pullman was " flattered " by the references in the episode .	I
Stayed until 2005 as the second woman principal and mrs. Janice Gibson took over from Britton in 1992 .	I
Later on in the film he plans an escape for Olga , but magda keeps Olga in captivity while Michael is free to go .	I
Alternately , helicopters up to Chinook size can take off or land simultaneously on four spots on the flight deck .	O
Wrote about industry insiders and freedman was also a biographer .	I
The episode was watched by 5.7 million viewers and received a 3.7 / 6 percent share .	O
Produces a distinctively flavoured honey and it is very attractive to bees .	I
Summers aligned himself with Mad Man Pondo , and the team dominated competition for several weeks .	O
Ortega was staggering around , but stitch wasn 't hurt .	I
The current swept Stitch off his feet , but he maintained a strong hold on Schifcar .	O
While studying at the university he chaired the UPR Political Science Students Association and participated in a legislative internship program with former Senator Rubén Berríos Martínez .	O
Dalmau Ramirez is married and has two children .	O
Appears to have dissolved in 1990 , but the LPNI survived a little longer .	I
Lonigan tried to run for cover , but constable McIntyre put his arms up .	I
She had no children , and died 17 January 1837 .	O
The rank of Warrant Officer I was renamed Warrant Officer and in 1939 , the rank of Warrant Officer II was abolished .	I
One of several cabbage varieties and savoy cabbage is a winter vegetable .	I
The Permanent Stakeholders Group was established by and gives advice to the executive director .	O
The Cards finished first , games ahead of the Saints , but lost the playoffs to the Saints 4 games to 1 .	O
Another for the next fifty years or she remained on stage in some form .	I
During all of her marriages she never changed her name and was adamant about continuing her career in show business .	O
Left a legacy to the American public and she bequeathed all her possessions to the Academy .	I
Housing the senior cadets and these were used for teaching .	I
A dark blue stripe down the back and they are green with a yellow tail horn .	I
Spiritual direction of the Society of the Divine Word and the Divine Word College of Urdaneta is under the administration .	I
Bleakley wrote a respectful biography of Faulkner and his own memoir of the period .	O
In 1992 , he joined the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland and was an advisor to the group during the all-party talks .	O
The third list gives the Second Fork 's nine named tributaries , and the second list gives the First Fork 's eight named tributaries .	I
Flows south to Green Mountain and it rises in Cogan House Township .	I
It ceased operation as a toll road in 1900 , and an 1889 flood destroyed much of the plank road .	I
Pam Grier play supporting roles , and danny Aiello , Kathleen Beller .	I
" Wireless Communications and Public Safety Act	O
Passed the same day and this amendment was voted on .	I
They practiced in Dortmund and also in Berlin .	O
Was named to a second consecutive CFL All-Star team in 1956 and abbruzzi continued as the Larks top rusher in 1956 with 1,062 yards .	I
Joined Garden City Christian Church in Brisbane 's southern suburbs and raised as a Roman Catholic , Harvey eventually became a Pentecostal .	I
The Restless and " The Young "	I
Remained childless and cerquozzi never married .	I
The terminal building is spread over 3,600 square metres and has a capacity to accommodate over 300 passengers .	O
In his first season , Rothstein greatly expanded the orchestra 's schedule and performed the first Super Pops concert at the Charleston Civic Center .	O
In 2013 , the Government decided to abandon the PPP model and instead sought to partner with AAI to complete the project .	O
Consider Druze to be a separate ethnic group " and some Israeli Druze dispute the label " Arab .	I
It is one of five regular compounds , and dual to the compound of five octahedra .	O
Salsa TV show and fania Recording contract	I
Seguida went into the studio in 1978 and recorded material for their third album .	O
" Dancing with the Stars " cast-off Jonathan Bennett and among Page 's groomsmen was " Mean Girls " star .	I
, since 1992 at the Rotterdam Conservatory regularly and he taught for a year in 1985 at the Washington University , taught .	I
Electric Arena " , and " Zatch Bell !	O
1500-meter freestyle swimmers in the world from 1992 to 1996 and bruner was considered to be one of the ten best 800-meter .	I
Production of metal mines resumed and by 1944 the situation had improved .	I
Competes against eight other secondary schools in the Chicago area and north Shore is a member of the Chicago Independent School League .	I
Is classified by the National Trust , and it is named after Queen Victoria .	I
He was " respected for his courage and feared for his irrascible temperament " .	O
Self-anthropologizing Discourse and 2015 " Narrative Moment . "	I
14 , # 1 & 2 : 2006 .	O
After his playing career , Coleman settled in Vancouver and ran a home renovation business for 20 years .	O
Pope Pius X appointed him Bishop of Loja on 30 December 1911 and de la Torre worked as a parish priest throughout this period .	O
She married Shigesato Itoi in 1993 and has a dog named Bouillon .	O
Both teams threw two interceptions , but the Cowboys lost two fumbles .	O
Antiseen , released in France by New Rose Records and murder Junkies is the seventh studio album by GG Allin .	I
Was shown on BBC Two in 2006 and the ten-part series was filmed over a year .	I
With this change , many business opportunities emerged in India , and Bombay in particular , encouraging immigrants to set up businesses .	O
The sanctuary faces west towards Jerusalem , and the inner space contains ornamented pillars .	I
Would finish its first tour on May 17 , 1954 and it performed patrols at the same areas as its sister ships .	I
Gave a maximum speed of and the engines produced a total of .	I
Sailed east into the Gulf of Finland to Soviet waters and she departed Reval on her first war patrol on 5 July .	I
He attended the University of Arkansas School of Law for a year , but dropped out , deciding that becoming a lawyer was not for him .	O
It was posted on billboards throughout the city of Montreal , and upper Deck had a slogan called “ Trade Roy ” .	I
He returned in 1839-40 and was named Speaker .	O
The Republic of Artsakh ( 2015 ) according to census ) and ethnic Groups of the Nagorno-Karabach AO ( 1926 – 1989 data	I
The paths have existed for centuries , but now are marked specifically for hikers .	O
Only son of poor Russian immigrants and mitchelson was the youngest child of three .	I
He obtained a Juris Doctor degree from Southwestern University School of Law , and was admitted to the State Bar of California on 4 June 1957 .	O
The observatory is one of the largest in the Southern Hemisphere and was the first in Chile to be used by ESO .	O
With the still intact , or new Orleans is pronounced .	I
Helped 44 players get drafted by Major League Baseball organizations and he has also coached 10 All-America honorees , 50 all-conference selections .	I
From 30 December was shadowed by ( " Kptlt and on 24 December the convoy was sighted by German reconnaissance aircraft . "	I
Seattle Opera supports the creation of new operas and has commissioned several works throughout its history .	O
Has served as a Bible Study group teacher and he is a lay minister in his Christian church .	I
A spectrum of systems is observed on satellite imagery , and polar lows form for a number of different reasons .	I
Unlike the first two , however , " Mardi " is highly philosophical and said to be the first work to show Melville 's true potential .	O
Initially remained a weak tropical storm and the storm tracked slowly northward after forming .	I
75 percent participate in faith-related activities , and twenty-seven percent of students are Lutheran .	I
Baudrillard argued the Gulf War was not really a war , but rather an atrocity which " masqueraded " as a war .	O
One set of pieces are white with five black dots and the other set is black with five white dots .	O
Makes fervent attempts to court her and a would-be suitor is enamored with her .	I
Realises the phone has been disconnected , but michael attempts to contact the police .	I
He returned to the starting line up on 26 October 2013 and scored in a 3 – 2 defeat against Manchester United .	O
Was in reserve for the remainder of the war and on her return to England , she underwent a refit .	I
Went to Malta for a refit from May through August 1909 and she became Flagship , Rear Admiral , at Gibraltar in January 1909 .	I
Unlike the original is incapable of travelling on water , and the Rhino is more heavily armed than the SPV .	I
Returned to the Greek Orthodox Church and spencer left the Catholic Church in 2016 .	I
The product name is , and these are produced by .	I
He was also a very controversial player throughout his career , and was involved in a variety of scandals throughout the 1990s .	O
Payne went to the University of Texas at Austin in 1946 and spent the rest of his career as an academic there .	O
Was ultimately broken up in 1922 and she was sold for scrap in 1921 .	I
The early production R.E.8s were more or less identical to the prototypes .	O
Performed with Dizzy Gillespie and he reunited with Ira Sullivan .	I
Her mother is Jewish and her father is a Quaker .	I
Peet was raised in the Quaker tradition , and attended Friends Seminary , a Quaker school .	O
In college , she auditioned for acting with teacher Uta Hagen and decided to become an actress after taking Hagen 's class .	O
That film was panned by critics and flopped at the box office .	O
" Indenty " received critical acclaim and was a moderate commercial success .	O
The " heiau " is a living spiritual temple , and not just an historic artifact of the Hawaiian culture .	O
New ones created , although Congress has always renewed existing subsidies and since its inception , some Section 8 programs have been phased out .	I
There was no permanent settlement due to the lack of potable water , but the bay had been used as a port intermittently to ship coffee .	I
The port does continue to support commercial fishing activity , and it also attracts people for deep-sea fishing ( esp .	O
Well as on the other beaches as lifeguards are stationed at this high-risk beach .	I
Main beach the town proper , or west from Playa Marinero is Playa Principal , fronting .	I
Tinker was credited officially with shooting down eight enemy aircraft and was the highest-scoring American air ace of the war .	O
He united the Elves and personally defeated Malekith .	O
Even begins to sap heat from its surroundings and as a Flamespyre Phoenix ages , its body cools .	I
Made Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Pius IX and in November 1964 , he was received by Pope Paul VI .	I
Lee was elected in 2010 with 62 % of the vote , and hatch was re-elected in 2006 with 61 % of the vote .	I
Baker was soon charged with the crime , and there were several witnesses to the incident .	I
Renamed the Orange River Colony on 28 May 1900 and the Orange Free State was annexed to the British Crown .	I
The previous stamps were overprinted " V.R.I. " and in 1900 , the British occupied the Republic	I
Is the last set of the colony , and this set was printed again in 1905-09 .	I
In a shootout Yantis was killed , but the rest of the gang escaped .	O
Set up a Military Revolutionary Committee and vladivostok was taken by the Red Army .	I
Are readily available today while others are very , and several of the above stamps were produced in large numbers , rare .	I
Tough competition for the position stands in her way , and Rachael proceeds to kill off classmates one by one .	O
Turns southeast , intersecting SR 19 south of Port Ludlow and the highway travels south through rural Jefferson County towards Crocker Lake .	I
It departs from Kingston on Appletree Cove and arrives in Edmonds in Snohomish County .	O
Thought that it would also support those men who were already fighting and many people thought positively of conscription as a sign of loyalty to Britain .	I
Being spirited away by the crowd before they could be arrested and they went underground while maintaining a public presence , appearing at protests .	I
It was too little too late , but soviet airfields used in Operation Frantic .	I
This gave her 1,692 NHP and increased her speed by .	O
Sl 13F left port on 19 December and reached Liverpool on 3 January 1940 .	O
The heavy sea capsized some of the lifeboats and left many people struggling in the water .	O
Queensland 's initial applications for admission were refused but the Sheffield Shield competition commenced in 1892 / 93 .	I
The nearest junctions are Jhansi Junction and Bina Junction in Madhya Pradesh .	O
It was initially released as Jungle King , but changed as a result of copyright disputes .	O
Treated after it was fished or so , how it was preserved ?	I
After staying the night , Thor wakes up and gets dressed before the break of dawn .	O
Nearby are an extreme sports centre and an electric Go kart track .	O
People of northern Talysh are of Iranian stock and speak a northwestern Iranian language called Talysh .	O
They form part of the London Buses network , and night buses began running as early as 1913 .	I
Unlike most military bands it played syncopated music and was credited with introducing jazz to France .	O
It was also the first all-black show on Broadway and included a young Josephine Baker among the performers .	O
Lasted there for 24 weeks in the beginning of 2012 , and it reached number three on the much acclaimed Driscoll 5 .	I
Lighter , more reliable running wheels and additionally it features an independent commander sight .	I
Work on the Hertford branch line began early in 1843 , and it opened as a single line on 31 October 1843 .	O
Martin declined to seek a fourth term in 1923 and instead ran for Governor of Florida in 1924 .	O
It was founded by Tan Sri Yeh Pao Tzu and it was first issued on 1 March 1963 .	O
Two melodic ideas from the chorale , labelled ( a ) and ( b ) above are embedded in the obbligato line :	O
Was built for the visit of that fleet to Sydney in 1908 , and it is named after the Great White Fleet of the US Navy .	I
Silanus went into voluntary exile , but returned under Tiberius ' reign .	O
Livia plotted against her stepdaughter 's family and ruined them , according to some .	O
They were classmates during those three years and that is how their association started .	O
Just short of a half mile wide and the group of islands is about in length .	I
Translated into fifty-two languages by Self-Realization Fellowship and it has been in print for seventy years .	I
Featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam and the first album came out in 1986 .	I
A couple songs are signature symphonic-classical rock Skillet , and a couple songs are classic American heartland anthems .	I
The tour began at the end of March 2011 and concluded on May 8 in Jacksonville , FL .	O
Current touring and session musicians	O
Session musicians and former touring	I
Every derivable rule is admissible , but not vice versa in general .	O
Its " fragments " may behave differently , but intuitionistic logic itself is not structurally complete .	I
Were semi-permanent aircraft parts and these pods were ground reloadable .	I
Eighth nine-dart finishes and these were his seventh .	I
Another missed double was for a car at an event in Ireland and one was a double 18 for $ 100,000 at an event in Canada .	I
Works under the ISTD , Chennai Chapter and it is a part of ISTD , Delhi .	I
The proposal was agreed , but protests halted its implementation .	O
Move on and he should admit it . "	I
Haggard was a firm supporter of former US President George W. Bush , and is sometimes credited with rallying evangelicals behind Bush during the 2004 election .	O
Berger finished fifth in the 2004 overall World Cup , and won several gold medals from the Norwegian Biathlon Championships .	O
The Mac OS X v10.4 exam was phased out in October 2009 , and the Mac OS X v10.3 exam was phased out in December 2005 .	O
Was often a critic of the status quo and wicksell also expressed his views on many social issues .	I
For a long time he was mistakenly called Vincent of Kielce , and he wrote the hymn to commemorate the canonization of St Stanisław .	O
Will not be subject to capital gains taxation in India and simultaneously , investments made before 1 April 2017 have been grandfathered .	I
Updates the provisions related to Exchange of Information to accepted international standards and it also provides for assistance between the two countries for collection of taxes .	I
Of these , 8,336 do not have any recorded proteges , and in fact , 16,147 mathematicians do not have a recorded mentor . "	I
A heavy smoker , he developed emphysema in later years , and was twice hospitalized as he prepared to appear in shows .	O
The film was well received when it premiered in Toronto in 2011 and was picked up by Magnolia for U.S. distribution in summer 2012 .	O
Is generally quite safe if done by an expert plastic surgeon , but the procedure has been reported to have some risk of complications .	I
Based on the Pont de Neuilly in Paris and it was designed by the Scottish engineer Alexander Nimmo .	I
Simple grills were added , and the effect was ceased .	O
If they were misplaced , problems occurred and each tribe of väkis belonged to specific environments .	I
If it were asked to return by its relatives who needed help , or however , the soul could still come back if it were unhappy .	I
Elements of it long persisted along new faith and however , old traditions were only slowly rooted out .	I
More works were required to improve soil quality , and because of the dams , soil conditions fell .	I
Well as previously operated Sebring International Raceway in Sebring , Florida , as the Panoz group previously owned Road Atlanta in Braselton , Georgia .	I
With a narrower focus on Europe but the European Championships were re-introduced in 2007 .	I
Vowed that it would not launch attacks except in self-defence and on 29 May 1972 , the Official IRA called a ceasefire .	I
Archbishop of Cologne , Maximilian Henry of Bavaria and later he was sent to Rome by the Prince-elector .	I
If you already are a game designer ? " And another review was also positive : "	I
Discovers that Bridget has been as well ) and campbell arrives ( " Welcome to Jackson " redistricted .	I
Danielle is still hurt by the lie , but acknowledges the joy their work brought her .	O
Well as Tufts University as he also attended Oxford University .	I
It was founded in the 1850s and dissolved by the early 1900s .	O
His own bishop could not do it due to illness and he was made a sub-deacon in Sens on 25 May 1839 .	I
This revolution had a socialist conception and was influenced by Liberation Theology .	O
Tremaine Stewart ( born 5 January 1988 ) is a Jamaican footballer forward / winger who currently plays for Portmore United in the National Premier League .	O
Run from Paris to Rouen in France on 22 July 1894 " and the contest was organised by the newspaper " Le Petit Journal .	I
Thus became the patron saint of , among other things , seafarers and he was martyred by being drowned with an anchor tied around his neck .	I
I said , he has changed my face , but he has failed to change my mind ” .	O
Their health had deteriorated considerably and they were hospitalized . ”	O
The center is a service of Saint Mary ’ s Regional Medical Center and is also a part of Saint Mary ’ s Brain Tumor Center .	O
At least best 12 qualified ( q ) ) or qualification : Standard 4.10 m ( Q	I
At least best 12 qualified ( q ) ) or qualification : Standard 5.20 m ( Q	I
Is currently undergoing overhaul on the SVR , and 1501 's boiler certificate expired in 2006 .	I
Minnette commended the episode 's script , and noted the auditioning sequence was fast .	O
Closes the set and c major both opens .	I
Sam walks away , discounting his observation , but silas says that Danny might be sick .	I
She tries to push Abby and Michael apart without success .	O
Has a hard time coping with her death and michael blames himself for sending her out of town .	I
On May 18 , 2015 , the character was killed off and his departure was officially confirmed by executive producer Frank Valentini .	O
Makes his way to Sabrina 's , and carlos is shot during a shootout .	I
He sees that Sabrina is pregnant and thinks the baby is his .	O
They run with the help of Paul Hornsby , and their son is born while they are fugitives .	I
Throws him into the harbor and julian , though , stabs Carlos .	I
Looking for a place to do her internship and maya is in her last year of medical school .	I
Luke fakes a heart attack , and Maya forges his test results .	O
That their night together meant something to her and sage tells Dillon that she had been a virgin .	I
Before she could warn Nikolas of the deception , Lucien showed up and took her to the room that he had decorated for Laura .	O
Spinelli helps her get away , but anthony threatens to kill her .	I
Married gold-digger Angela Monroe ( Sam McCall ) and her father , Bill Monroe , left her mother .	I
He turned to pills and patrick was overcome with grief .	I
The only person who ever cared for him was Sam , and his mental handicap was a burden to both his parents .	I
She turned on Sonny , and teamed up with Alcazar .	O
She was arrested once again , and begged Justus to help her .	O
Straps a bomb to her and anthony kidnaps Claudia in March 2009 .	I
Brook Lynn left town , and the two parted ways .	I
Serena 's wealthy mother , Dominique Stanton Baldwin , was dying and wanted to leave a child for her husband Scott Baldwin .	O
Stefan banished Alexis , but eventually forgave her .	O
He ordered Nikolas to marry Lydia , but Nikolas was reluctant to follow through .	O
Kevin helped Laura solve a mystery involving Helena Cassadine , and the two grew close , eventually starting to date .	O
Bill saw the dollar signs in her eyes and would not give in to her blackmail .	O
Taken into custody by Interpol , and faison is unmasked by Robert .	I
Is revealed to be the mother of Dr. Britt Westbourne , and in spring 2013 , Dr. Obrecht comes to Port Charles .	I
In 1992 , Amanda welcomed friend Simon Jones to Port Charles but was stunned when he was revealed to be a criminal .	O
Alison falls for Jamal , but he pushes her away .	O
Stefan also has a thing for Laura , but he is killed by Luke in 2003 .	O
Gave Colton Shore his own show called The Colton Connection and tiffany began working for the television station WLPC as an executive .	I
It has been tampered with by Simone 's mother , Pauline Ravelle , but she has a paternity test that reveals that Harrison is the father .	I
Justus Ward runs against her and is attracted to her .	O
Simone dates Justus Ward and they become engaged .	O
With everyone searching for him , Peter skips town for Canada and then hops on a plane to Brazil in March 1985 .	O
They married on August 16 , 2013 , and felicia proposes to Mac the same night .	I
Blackie owned up to his responsibility for Lou 's death and was sentenced to two years in prison for manslaughter .	O
He was eventually caught again and returned to the sanitarium .	O
They eventually become engaged and tony starts to romance Alex .	I
In 2003 , Karen is struck and killed by a speeding car .	O
He is the son of Audrey March Hardy ( Rachel Ames ) and Tom Baldwin Sr. , adopted by Audrey 's husband Steve Hardy .	O
Fled to Mexico and tom then kidnapped Tommy .	I
Moves in with Susan at her cottage and a furious Alan moves out in October 1981 .	I
Loses the baby but heather becomes pregnant again .	I
Jeff takes his son Steven and moves to Carson City .	O
A devastated Rick reunites with Lesley and they remarry in December 1981 .	O
Taken to jail and lucy is then arrested .	I
B album by The Miracles issued on Motown 's Tamla subsidiary label & " Do It Baby " ( TS334 ) , was a 1974 R .	I
Making new technologies work for human development and which examines unifying visions for equity of access .	I
... " He also provided artwork for the Boys Club of America , and attended the Art Students League of New York , studying life drawing .	O
The album received some good reviews but was not a commercial success .	O
Following his retirement from playing rugby Nepia became a referee and worked as a farm manager in the Wairoa district .	O
The placement of her left hand on her groin and underlying erotic implications are made by Venus 's raised arm .	I
Francisco Silvela withdrew from politics in 1903 and appointed Antonio Maura as his successor .	O
Is out of print and this release has been discontinued .	I
Many fans were angered at the change , and the show 's live format was canceled .	O
Its first state boys ' basketball tournament in 1920 and the WIAA held its own state track meet in 1897 .	I
The makers of ' Samsara ' want to free our minds , but their technique makes us their prisoners more often than not . "	O
Bundesliga , Jansen had made 24 appearances and scored one goal in all competitions .	O
The decision of the Church regarding the unification was accepted and confirmed by HM King Aleksandar I Karadjordjevic in 1920 .	O
50 seconds ahead of the next cyclist and josé-luis Viejo won the stage , 22 minutes .	I
Β-terpinene has no known natural source but has been prepared from sabinene .	O
Had many hits in the UK , and the band released eight studio albums .	I
Is west of on the Inverclyde Line and the station is sited in the Woodhall area .	I
The group failed to move units , and the deal with Skyywalker was squandered .	O
After smoking cannabis with the duo , Bush pardons them , and the two land in President George W. Bush 's estate .	I
Turns to the northeast as it passes under Missouri Route DD and it flows under Missouri Route 38 about five miles east of Marshfield .	I
Remained in active development for a long time but in July 2004 , " Oolite " v1.0 was released afterwards .	I
Faber wrote his first polemic against Martin Luther , " Opus adversus nova quaedam dogmata Martini Lutheri " in 1552 .	O
Most of the plants are native , and rocks come from the local forest .	O
Grant stat boots in battle and these conversations improve affinity between characters .	I
After some discussions , Leo sided with Canterbury and demoted Lichfield back down to a bishopric .	O
Was deposed from office for a number of years over the issue and at one point , Wulfred travelled to Rome to consult with the papacy .	I
The Russian ambassador in Paris distanced the Russian Empire from Achimov , and the French foreign office demanded an explanation of Achimov 's actions .	I
Colletti is active in several community and charity efforts in Los Angeles .	O
Died surrounded by his followers on the crusade , and he wrote his will shortly before his death .	I
Spent much of his time administering his diocese , and he attended the Third Lateran Council in 1179 .	I
However , the negotiations came to nothing , and led to Becket 's castigation of Reginald .	O
The Methodist Hall was constructed in 1800 and ballinamallard Church of Ireland was built in 1785 .	I
Has referred to it as his most-hated performance and feuerstein has publicly expressed regret for taking the role .	I
He was sent to a Catholic school , but never believed the dogma he was taught .	O
He is an ardent pacifist and is a keen environmentalist .	O
The ships that did return made a profit on their cargo , but total returns fell well short of the costs of the venture .	O
Still held by a garrison unaware of court developments back at home and although the company had been abolished , the colony was a royal property .	I
The increasing pressure from neighboring towns and they left Haven escaping the economic downturn .	I
She just wants to sleep on the kitchen floor and will do so , if Gigi watches her .	O
They lived together for several years , and four children resulted from the union .	O
Tells him that she cannot marry him , and alice is revolted by Will 's insensitivity .	I
I don ’ t have any advice for dealing with it , and murray stated of that period , " I find it really personal . "	I
He eventually gets back in the car and the two continue their trip onwards .	O
Was succeeded by his son Nanda , and bayinnaung died on 10 October 1581 .	I
The key to success is eagle 's agility and the prey 's inability to find cover .	O
The first post office in the area operated between 1856-1864 , and then again between 1871-1955 after the construction of the railroad .	O
Connects Gold Bar Park with Rundle Park and a footbridge goes over the North Saskatchewan River .	I
Ashima went into depression and died , too .	O
Therefore it is normal to see women dying , and this shows how much Honduran society is changing .	I
Gathered thousands of participants to the march , and the invitation was made through social networks .	I
At least one was in a nun costume , and about a dozen women were dressed as prostitutes .	I
The river has a length of 102.4 km and drains an area of 1,888 square km .	O
Only six players shot under-par , and the field average was 75.01 .	O
This led to lowered fuel economy but was considerably cheaper to manufacture .	O
" Takaud Savings and Pensions B.S.C .	O
He was born in Shanghai and died in Cape Town .	O
It was gazetted in 14 December 2013 and was renamed on 11 October 2017 .	O
He wrote more than 2000 songs for films and the Gramophone Recording Company in his lifetime .	O
Well as the repeal of the protest law , as the protest also demanded freedom for other detainees .	I
It has sky-blue starry flowers , and can spread by underground stolon .	O
She plays for the club SPR Pogoń Szczecin , the Polish national team and represented Poland at the 2013 World Women 's Handball Championship in Serbia .	O
Ghusl on the circumstances or the manner of cleansing , either wudhu , depend .	I
Represented Poland at the 2013 World Women 's Handball Championship in Serbia and she played for the club EB Start Elbląg , the Polish national team .	I
Represented Poland at the 2013 World Women 's Handball Championship in Serbia and she plays for the club KPR Ruch Chorzów , the Polish national team .	I
Represented Poland at the 2013 World Women 's Handball Championship in Serbia and she plays for the club MKS Zagłębie Lubin , the Polish national team .	I
She plays for the club MKS Zagłębie Lubin , the Polish national team and represented Poland at the 2013 World Women 's Handball Championship in Serbia .	O
In this period Neppach mainly focused on doubles events but still ranked ninth nationwide in singles in 1932 .	O
Now speaks to the youth to live the right path , but nascar racer , Flash Rose , was once a member .	I
Sydney is promptly evacuated while Nero goes back online , yet Jack cannot pinpoint the glitch that caused its defeat .	O
Eventually focused her saxophone training entirely on the classical repertoire , but she initially played ' some jazz ' in her youth .	I
In 2004 , he finished equal first at the Pan American Under-12 Championship and thanks to this result he was awarded the title of FIDE Master .	O
Well as national parties as this list includes state parties .	I
Were architectural partners from 1913-1928 and they had studied at MIT together .	I
Are Georgian Revival in style , and the buildings feature gambrel roofs .	I
Expressed predominantly in the liver as a component of the urea cycle and the type I isoform encoded by this gene , is a cytosolic enzyme .	I
He was released after a month , and no evidence was produced in court .	I
Was awarded a gold disc and it sold over one million copies .	I
These can be purpose-built machines or more commonly old PCs .	O
Scored 14 goals in international tournaments and in total , she played 42 matches .	I
Finished Group A with nine points and the U.S. defeated Korea 3 – 0 .	I
The ambiguities aren 't easily resolved and the identity Cleon = Paphlagonian is awkward .	I
Agoracritus emerges triumphant from a series of contests and he restores Demos to his former glory .	O
Represents the pinnacle of Insular illumination and it is a masterwork of Western calligraphy .	I
Had been there long enough for thieves to learn of its presence and if this is correct , then the book was in Kells by 1007 .	I
Sewn together to form gatherings called quires and the bifolios are nested inside of each other .	I
Tom Mankiewicz was chosen to rework the script , and so the character of Willard Whyte was created .	I
British Army Captain Walker goes missing during an expedition and is believed dead ( " Overture " ) .	O
Recording often spilled over into the early morning , but sessions were block booked from 2pm – 10pm .	I
Has never been officially released , but the complete show was recorded .	I
It went down pretty well , and I 'm still alive . "	O
Continues to benefit from a significant Ecotourism industry , and england possesses a wide range of natural environments :	I
Others efficiency and some emphasise aesthetics .	I
There are no extant written sources but place-name study would at least suggest that .	I
Three died later in hospital , and twenty passengers died on board .	I
Treatment of delirium requires treating the underlying cause , and multi-component interventions are thought to be most effective .	O
There was substantial heterogeneity in populations , study design , and imaging modalities such that no firm conclusions were made .	O
The group began to get used to the backing tapes , and the remainder of gigs for the US tour were successful .	O
It is a limited edition release of 3000 units and can be purchased through the label 's website .	O
Masinissa was now accepted as a loyal ally of Rome , and was confirmed by Scipio as the king of the Massylii .	O
Inspired the development of other games and the game was ported to numerous platforms .	I
Allowed up to three players to traverse isometric courses and the design also included pinball mini-games between sets of levels .	I
The 12th-century Kruikenburg Castle extensively in the 17th century and the village of Ternat is the site of a medieval sandstone church , remodelled .	I
The first type of glass used for fiber was soda lime glass or A-glass ( " A " for the alkali it contains ) .	O
Melted in a furnace and the materials are mixed together .	I
Here , the glass enters a rotating spinner , and due to centrifugal force is thrown out horizontally .	O
Perhaps the best known of the Crusader nobles and at age 55 , Raymond was also the oldest .	I
Was buried in front of Cairns House , Barkingside , Essex , and barnardo died of angina pectoris in London on 19 September 1905 .	I
Arrived in Sofia on July 12th nonetheless but they lost 1 / 4 of their men .	I
Speculation thus fueled further rises and created an economic bubble .	O
May take several years , or this can happen rapidly .	I
Of the infestations , 12 % were " A. ostoyae " , and 88 % were " A. sinapina " ( Blenis et al .	O
There is no modern critical edition of the whole Talmud , but henry Malter 's edition of " Ta 'anit " ) .	I
He worked with Tokayer to correct errors and Tokayer is listed as the author .	O
I had to come out of myself and do a loud , screaming vocal .	O
Uncover the mysteries of the world , and she decides to finish his work .	I
Redrafts during early and her design underwent multiple revisions development .	I
In this way , goals can be achieved effortlessly , and thus , a potentially harmful interference may be avoided .	I
To cooperate , or not cooperate ?	O
It can also lead to being suckered , but being " nice " can be beneficial .	I
Tennessee is ranked among the Top 10 destinations in the US and tourism contributes billions of dollars every year to the state 's economy .	I
Got the job although he soon and chimes was asked to audition for the new band , quit .	I
Nick Sheppard , formerly of the Bristol-based band the Cortinas , and Vince White were recruited as the Clash 's new guitarists .	O
Rank its citizens based on their personal behavior as " totalitarian " and the Economist has described China 's recently developed social credit system to screen .	I
He secured the position in 1768 after Brockett 's death , but in the event , Gray lost out to Lawrence Brockett .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its typical habitat is moist subalpine forest and páramo , a high altitude grassland .	O
It is a burrowing rodent and lives in small colonies .	O
Their eyes open after about ten days , and they are weaned at around fourteen days .	O
By advancing two squares for their first move or under the rules , pawns can only move by .	I
Are active year-round and they are primarily nocturnal .	I
The bushy-tailed woodrat is the largest and most cold-tolerant species of woodrat .	O
Regional variations to this rule occur , but nests are usually within the midden .	I
Earned three consecutive third place results from 2003 and the team has played in the fourth tier for seven seasons – 2005 .	I
Just behind the ears there are pale patches , and the head is reddish-brown with many blackish hairs .	I
The dorsal pelage is greyish-buff and the underparts are whitish .	O
Paler on the lowers , but their enamel is orange .	I
Did not think it closely related to " O. dimidiatus " , but he accepted " O. borreroi " as an " Oryzomys " .	I
In 2011 Koniskos had a population of 196 for the village and 294 for the community ( including the village Kalochori ) .	O
Suitable habitats for " O. gorgasi " exist in inland Venezuela , and further study is needed to determine whether it is present there .	O
The palate is moderately long , extending beyond the molars but not beyond the posterior margins of the maxillary bone .	O
It is not known to occur in any protected areas , but has been recorded close to the protected forest of Mindo-Nambillo .	O
He had published 14 novels and over 40 short stories .	O
Served of four-year term in that office and he was elected Mayor of Shawinigan-Sud in 1985 .	I
The ears are about the same color as the upperparts , but a patch of light hairs is in front of them .	O
As usual in oryzomyines , the molars are brachydont ( low-crowned ) and bunodont ( with the cusps higher than the connecting crests ) .	O
The head is large and the snout blunt .	O
Their hair start to grow after two days , and two weeks after closed eyes will be opened .	O
Individuals may live up to five years in captivity , but mice live longer than six months in the wild .	I
The inhabitants of Fes would not let him enter the city , but opened the gates to Abd al-Malik on October 13 , 998 .	O
As mayor of Shawinigan-Sud from 1957 to 1962 and he served as city councillor from 1953 to 1957 .	I
He was the most valuable horse in the ancient world , and , he was regarded as the most beautiful horse alive .	O
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .	O
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Mice from the Grampians are larger and a darker more slate-grey above .	O
Is pink with a brownish stripe along the top , and the tail is longer than the mouse 's body .	I
Appears to be declining in numbers in the wild " and the smoky mouse is currently rated as " vulnerable .	I
Lives in and the mouse is nocturnal burrows .	I
Deforestation may affect it locally , but it faces no particular threats .	I
These specimens belonged to a single species " Scolomys melanops " , and for a long time the genus was considered to be monotypic .	O
The yellow-nosed cotton rat has a wide range and is common in parts of that range .	O
Voted an estimated 22,000 times in all during her service , and haugland missed very few votes during her time in office .	I
The litter size averages three young and the gestation period is about three weeks .	I
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .	O
Entered into three days of nearly non-stop negotiations and feinsinger was rushed to Hawaii by a military aircraft .	I
Tropical moist montane forests or its natural habitat is subtropical .	I
He was recalled to Andros and executed in AD 39 .	O
It is mainly aquatic , living in lakes , ponds , and the slower-moving parts of streams , often hiding under stones .	O
Three two-point goals in the regular season , and he had 24 goals , 15 assists .	I
The show was hosted by James Forbes and aired 7-8 p.m. on Saturday nights .	O
Married his widow in 1738 , and he worked for Hermann Tabel .	I
It was restored in the 19th century and is a grade I listed building .	O
The Whitford electoral ward is coterminous with the community and elects one county councillor to Flintshire County Council .	O
Converters between the two signal encodings are readily available , and are useful for interfacing to blocks of static logic .	O
, in 1963 , Gleniffer Engines was acquired by the company and in 1961 , the company name changed to Bergius-Kelvin Co . Ltd. .	I
He then completed his Masters at the Princeton Theological Seminary in 1974 and his Doctoral studies at the Boston University , USA in 1976 .	O
They are the Echoes ( females ) and the Senior Cavaliers ( males ) .	O
On 17 May 1980 , Queensland thompson died in Auchenflower .	I
Has been nicknamed Red Spot Junior , and the feature was named Oval BA .	I
Erythrochiton gymnanthus is an endangered tree or shrub from the family Rutaceae .	O
Mayo only got on the scoresheet after sixteen minutes and never led at any point during the match .	O
Told him " It 's my last game in Montreal and once Roy was pulled , he went by Canadiens President Ronald Corey . "	I
Allowed a lead-off double to Carlos Beltran , and closer Drew Storen entered the 9th inning .	I
The Giants tied the game 1-1 , and the game went into extra innings .	O
They ultimately lost the series 3-1 , but the Nationals would win Game 3 .	I
Pa 160 crosses Norfolk Southern 's Windber Industrial Track railroad line and heads into residential areas , turning northeast onto 9th Street .	O
Cankers are found on the stem and will have a sunken border .	O
Its outflow used to discharge through a nine metres tall white water and historically considerably larger , Kyrksjön used to extend well into the Spånga parish .	I
The presence of great crested newt is threatened and all frog species are protected by law .	O
The call of the female is higher in pitch , and is sometimes uttered in a duet with the male .	O
In the " National Tribune " and the controversy continued in the Detroit newspapers .	I
Is approx 34,000 acres in Shelby County , Illinois , United States , and eagle Creek State Park is an Illinois state park on Lake Shelbyville .	I
That season Piacenza finished in mid-table and neither scored a double figure .	O
Is based in Glasgow and it was founded in 1844 .	I
Angus was often in evidence at his court and this grant was confirmed by Charles brother James VII .	I
The violotta both at the shoulder ) and modern incarnations of the tenor violin are the viola profunda ( held .	I
Continued to be known as the Leafs but the team returned to the KIJHL in 1999 .	I
