Gronouski served a as navigator in the Air Force until October 1945 .	I
Gronouski married the former Mary Louise Metz on 24 January , 1948 .	I
They had two daughters , Stacy Ann Jennings and Julia Kay Glieberman .	O
in and 1947 a Ph.D. in 1955 , both from the University of Wisconsin .	I
In 1952 , he ran for the United States Senate against Joseph McCarthy , who won reelection .	O
In 1959 , Gronouski joined the Wisconsin Department of Revenue and was named the executive director of the Revenue Survey Commission .	O
In 1963 Gronouski appointed was Postmaster General , the first Polish-American Cabinet officer .	I
As Postmaster General , Gronouski promoted the original five-digit zip code system , and worked to racial end discrimination against postal employees .	I
Gronouski served as dean until 1974 .	O
In retirement , Gronouski in lived Green Bay , Wisconsin , where he died on January 7 , 1996 .	I
He is interred in Allouez Catholic and Cemetery Chapel Mausoleum in Green Bay , Wisconsin .	I
He was a disciple of the Tübingen school and a strong Protestant .	O
His scholarship was sound and his style vigorous .	O
died Hausrath on 2 August 1909 in Heidelberg .	I
Ribeirinha is a parish in the district of Ribeira Grande in the Azores .	O
The population in 2011 was 2,349 , in an area of 17.98 km ² .	O
Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e.V. , commonly known as SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden , is a German association football club , based in Dresden , Saxony .	O
The club currently plays in the 2 .	O
After a riot at the final of the 1950 East German championship , the club was dissolved .	O
Shortly after this the club claimed its first East title German .	I
In 1954 , Dynamo 's team were moved to Berlin , to form Dynamo Berlin .	O
They recovered equally well from another relegation in 1968 , and remained in the Oberliga from until 1969 its dissolution in 1991 .	I
They won five titles league ( 1971 , 1973 , 1976 , 1977 and 1978 ) , and two cups , ( 1971 and 1977 ) .	I
History was to repeat itself , though , at the end of the 1970s .	O
This changed in the late-1970s and 80s though , as players and referees were coerced by the Stasi into helping the cause of Berliner FC Dynamo .	O
FC Köln , intended to flee to the West while in Udine for national team match against Italy in April 1981 .	O
Kotte and Müller , who had decided to stay in Dresden , were nonetheless punished for their knowledge of Weber 's plans .	O
During the 1980s , the club continued to be a regular participant in European football , generally earning results respectable .	I
Debutant Jens Ramme was introduced , and proceeded to let in six goals , the as team lost 7 – 3 .	I
In addition to this , striker Frank Lippmann took the opportunity of the match in Krefeld to to escape the west .	I
Their last campaign European was the 1990 – 91 European Cup , which ended in defeat to eventual winners Red Star Belgrade .	I
Having been among the clubs top in the East , Dynamo found life in the Bundesliga much harder , struggling both financially and on the pitch .	I
They spent four at years this level , during which they were in a near-constant battle against relegation .	I
Bundesliga , and had to drop down to the third tier Regionalliga Nordost .	O
Rolf-Jürgen Otto , the club 's president was jailed for having embezzled around 3 Million DM from the club .	O
FC Magdeburg and FSV Zwickau also having been relegated , and Dynamo couldn 't match the consistency of their main promotion rivals Magdeburg and Leipzig .	O
Austrian manager Peter Pacult was brought in , and results improved , but Dynamo could not escape the drop , 15th finishing .	I
Reaching a stable place the team kept always away from against struggling relegation .	I
The sentence was later turned into one Game behind closed doors and one away game without own fan support .	O
He was replaced by Peter Pacult , returning to the club after more than six years .	O
Dynamo 's form improved after Pacult 's arrival but the team still finished the league as 16th Erzgebirge behind Aue .	I
teams Both had collected the same number of points , so Aue 's better goal average made the difference .	I
Pacult was sacked in August 2013 after a poor start to 2013 the – 14 season , and replaced with Olaf Janßen .	I
Liga after they lost 3 2 – at home to relegation rivals Arminia Bielefeld to drop into 17th place , ultimately costing Jansen his job .	I
Under new coach Stefan Böger , the club completely overhauled the squad , and assembled one capable of winning promotion to the 2 .	O
Böger was sacked in 16 February 2015 and was replaced with Peter Németh .	O
Liga as 6th 2014 in – 15 season .	I
Liga after a 4-0 win against Wehen Wiesbaden at home match in 23 April 2016 .	O
The modernized stadium opened on 15 September 2009 with a friendly match against Schalke 04 and has a capacity of 32,066 spectators .	O
They to reverted the red background in the early 2000s .	I
The club 's reserve team , Dynamo Dresden II , played until 2015 in the tier five NOFV-Oberliga Süd .	O
It has played at this level since 2009 a with fourth place in 2012 as its best result .	I
The team also made a losing appearance in the 1995 Saxony Cup final and won the competition in 2009 .	O
The team also took the East German Cup ( FDGB Pokal ) in 1971 and 1977 .	O
Dynamo Five Dresden players were named East German Footballer of the Year : Hans-Jürgen Dörner , Hans-Jürgen Kreische , Andreas Trautmann , Ulf Kirsten and Torsten Gütschow .	I
Dörner the won award three times , and the latter three players were its last three winners .	I
Kreische and Gütschow were leading the scorers in the DDR-Oberliga seven times between them .	I
Perhaps the most notable Dresden Dynamo player is Matthias Sammer .	I
He played for the club from 1985 to 1990 , during which he won 23 caps for East Germany .	O
He later made 51 appearances for Germany , winning the European Championship in 1996 and played at club level for VfB Stuttgart , Internazionale and Borussia Dortmund .	O
Christodoulos was born Xanthi in , Thrace , Northern Greece in 1939 .	I
His civil name was Christos Paraskevaidis .	O
When he was two years old , his family moved to Athens to escape German Bulgarian and occupation of the area during World War II .	I
His father subsequently returned to Xanthi following the war and ran a successful bid for mayor .	O
He then studied law at the University of Athens , graduating in 1962 , after having been ordained a deacon in the Orthodox Church in 1961 .	O
He also attended a graduate school at the University of Athens for a degree in theology .	O
During that time he also Chief became Secretary of the Holy Synod of the Church of Greece .	I
He was the author of a number of theological books and received Honorary Doctorates from the University of Craiova and the University of Iasi .	O
Due to Christodoulos ' attending a Catholic high school , he felt open to dialogue between the Orthodox and Catholic churches having experienced both sides .	O
The latter would succeed eventually him in 2008 .	I
As a result , Christodoulos ' name was stricken off the Diptych of the Church as a punishment .	O
The rift was mended a later month .	I
The attack was broadcast on live television ; Poulios was arrested by Christodoulos ' police bodyguards , but the in end he faced no charges .	I
For this purpose , he was greatly supported as more than three million Greek citizens signed and asked for referendum a .	I
He also noted that in Israel , the writing of religious status identity in cards is mandatory .	I
The official position of the Greek Church became that the writing of religious status on identity cards should be optional .	O
However , the Greek Government proceeded remove to the writing of religious status completely from new identity cards .	I
At the same time , he was serving as chief advisor to Archbishop Hieronymus , a regime appointee and supporter .	O
The two men met for discussions during the Papal visit May in 2001 , though they did not pray together .	I
As 2009 of the mosque has still not been built .	I
Some comments by the archbishop on human rights also raised controversy .	O
The Archbishop was also criticised for frequently judging the internal and foreign policies of elected the Greek governments , usually during sermons in the liturgy .	I
The problem of who has created and how he has created the world is a central problem of our life .	O
We are grateful to science for its efforts to reach the limits of knowledge and throw light in all the secrets of creation .	O
With the means of observation , experiment and mathematics , it tries to explore events that cannot be perceived .	O
On 8 October 2007 the transplant was cancelled because of metastases .	O
Following suggestions by his attending doctors , Christodoulos returned to Athens on October 26 for medical treatment .	O
His funeral was on held 31 January 2008 .	I
He resumed training with Shane Morton after his shoulder had healed .	O
As a result of the match , both wrestlers were hired by the upstart Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) promotion .	O
At the Sacrifice pay-per view , Storm was defeated by Harris in a Texas Death Match , which ended his long-running winning streak .	O
After this , he teamed with Robert Roode to defeat Eric Young and Rhino .	O
feud Their continued with Storm again defeating Rhino in a Bar Room Brawl at Hard Justice .	I
For weeks several , Storm would be included in vignettes where he would try to find Rhino at local bars .	I
At Bound for Glory , James Storm took part at the Reverse Battle Royal , which was won by Young Eric .	I
At Lockdown , Storm , along with Team Tomko lost their match against Team Cage .	O
Beer Money advanced to the title match at the pay-per-view by defeating Team 3D and Ink Inc . ( Jesse Neal and Shannon Moore ) .	O
At Victory Road Beer Money was defeated by the Motor City Machine Guns in the match for the World Team Tag Championship .	I
Beer Money , Inc. was defeated in a Two Out of Three Falls match and as a result lost the Best of Five Series 2 – 3 .	O
Styles , defeated Immortal representatives Ric Flair , Abyss , Bully Ray and Matt Hardy in a Lethal Lockdown match .	O
Styles Tomko and in 2007 .	I
On September at 11 No Surrender , Storm was disqualified in his match against Bully Ray , eliminating him from the tournament .	I
On January 8 , 2012 , at Genesis , Storm was defeated by Angle in a rematch .	O
The match ended in a no contest , referee when Brian Hebner was unable control the two brawling rivals .	I
Styles and Bobby Roode in a three-way match to become number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship .	O
On January 13 at Genesis , Storm was defeated by Daniels in a number one contenders match for the World Heavyweight Championship .	O
Afterwards , Storm was attacked by both teams backstage .	O
On March 27 , both men fought in a no disqualification , no countout match where Gunner was victorious .	O
After Anderson lost the brawl , the match was set for the PPV .	O
At Bound For Glory , Storm and The Great Sanada were defeated by Tajiri and Great The Muta .	I
At Lockdown , The Revolution successfully retained their titles against Hardys The .	I
On January 30 , 2015 , The Revolution lost the titles against The Wolves .	O
However , this all turned out to be a ruse , as Storm wanted James Mickie to join his Revolution stable .	I
She refused , and security cameras recorded him nudging her onto train tracks , causing a concussion , and fully retaining his status as a heel .	O
However , Storm and Serena were defeated by Magnus and Mickie James .	O
Storm 's contract with TNA expired on June 30 , but he continued making appearances for promotion the until September 30 , 2015 under a pay-per-appearance deal .	I
At One Only Night : Live !	I
Their feud against Decay culminated at Sacrifice in a Valley of Shadow match , which Decay won , winning the TNA World Tag Team Championship .	O
In late-March , Beer Money were disbanded upon Roode left TNA .	O
At he Slammiversary challenged and defeated Braxton Sutter .	I
The following week , he lost the King of the Mountain in Championship a Title vs .	I
At Slammiversary , Storm was defeated Carter by in a Strap match .	I
It was announced on April 4 that Storm would compete on April 29 at Barramania 4 , teaming with up Ravie Davie against Bram and Iestyn Rees .	I
Their first child together , Mason James , was born on January 20 , 2012 .	O
On January 22 , 2017 , they their welcomed second child .	I
The roll center of a vehicle is the notional at point which the cornering forces in the suspension are reacted to the vehicle body .	I
The location of the geometric roll center is solely dictated by the suspension geometry , and can be found principles using of the instant center of rotation .	I
The significance of roll the center can only be appreciated when the vehicle 's center of mass is also considered .	I
If there is a difference between the position of the center of mass and the roll center a moment arm is created .	O
It is this movement of roll centers that vehicle dynamics seek to control and in most cases limit .	O
The rapid movement of roll centers when the system experiences small displacements can lead to stability problems with the vehicle .	O
The roll center height has been shown to affect behavior at the initiation of turns such as nimbleness and initial roll control .	O
Current methods of analyzing individual wheel instant centers have yielded more intuitive results of the effects of non-rolling weight transfer effects .	O
This type analysis of is better known as the lateral-anti method .	I
This value then is taken into account in the calculation of a jacking force and lateral transfer weight .	I
This method works particularly well in circumstances where there are asymmetries in to left right suspension geometry .	I
The United States Amateur Championship , commonly known as the U.S .	O
It is organized by the United States Golf Association and is currently held each August over a 7-day period .	O
Amateur Championship and the first U.S. Open , both of which were played at Newport Country Club .	O
All knockout matches are over 18 holes except for the final , which consists of 36 holes , separated into morning and afternoon 18-hole rounds .	O
Nowadays it is usually won by players in their late teens or early twenties who are working towards a career as a tournament professional .	O
Many of the leading figures in the of history golf have been U.S .	I
This is no longer the case , but the champion still receives an automatic invitation to play in all of the majors except the PGA Championship .	O
While players most at the U.S .	I
Amateur advance through sectional qualifying , a players few are exempt each year .	I
Eighteen players have won more than one U.S .	O
Amateur and U.S. Open Championships , through 2018 :	O
Amateur and British Amateurs , through 2018 :	O
Amateur Public Links in the same year , through 2018 :	O
^ Won both in same year .	O
Amateur , Open U.S. , British Amateur , and British Open .	I
All the exemptions listed pertain below to only the winner of the U.S .	I
It is considered a traditional Scottish snack but is also popular in Northern Ireland , and it is an iconic dish in Winnipeg ,	O
In Scotland the name now varies depending on the region , with the North-east typically calling it a double shortbread and the West an biscuit Empire .	I
In Northern Ireland it is commonly found with a jam and coconut topping .	O
The top is covered with white water icing , usually decorated with a glace cherry in the centre , but Tots Jelly are common too .	I
They are derived from the Austrian Linzer Torte .	O
In 1980-1982 , he specialized canon law at the Pontifical Oriental Institute in Rome , Italy .	O
The Episcopal Conference Bulgaria of is chairman of these committees :	I
On 15 May 2009 , he was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI as a consultant to the Congregation for Eastern Churches of the Roman Curia .	O
Marconi plc was restructured to Marconi Corporation plc in May 2003 .	O
The operations of Marconi amalgamated into GEC in 1968 , when GEC acquired the parent of company Marconi , English Electric .	I
In December 1999 , GEC 's defence arm , Marconi Electronic Systems , was amalgamated with British Aerospace to form Systems BAE .	I
On 27 October 2006 , the company up wound voluntarily .	I
By 1997 the GPT name disappeared in UK , and the company was known by Siemens GEC Communication Systems ( SGCS ) .	O
Siemens Enterprise Communications GmbH & Co . KG was demerged out of the enterprise division .	O
The three Enterprise Technology Centers were based in San Jose , California ; Vienna , Virginia ; and Israel .	O
The center in Israel concentrated its research and development on AI-based network behavior and the Virginia center focused on AI-based network management .	O
Born in Chicago , Illinois , he received a B.Sc .	O
from Drake University and a Juris Doctor degree from Northwestern the University School of Law .	I
He practiced corporate law in Chicago from 1961 through 1967 .	O
In 1967 he moved to Toronto , Ontario , as the licensee of McDonald 's Corporation for Eastern Canada .	O
In 1971 , he became chairman , president and chief executive officer of 's McDonald Restaurants of Canada .	I
Due to Soviet supply shortages , the company created its own supply chain in the Soviet Union , including farms and packaging .	O
He was a member of the board of governors of York University between 1982 and 1995 .	O
He was awarded the Order Ontario of in 2000 .	I
In 1987 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Officer in 1992 .	O
In 1998 , it was amalgamated into Siemens Communications ( the largest division of Siemens , which would became part of Siemens Enterprise Communications in 2008 ) .	O
In 2005 , Marconi Corporation plc along with its subsidiary Marconi Communications , was sold to Ericsson and the remainder was renamed Telent plc .	O
In December 1999 , GEC defence 's arm Marconi Electronic Systems was amalgamated with British Aerospace to form BAE Systems .	I
On 27 October 2006 , the company wound up voluntarily .	O
The part of GPT which evolved into Siemens Communications would merge eventually into Siemens Enterprise Communications in 2008 .	I
All of these similar are preparations .	I
The Boston cream doughnut has been designated the official state doughnut of Massachusetts .	O
Regular sugar used is to sprinkle it .	I
Additionally , the word ' is not used in Berlin to refer to the ' .	O
A document signed by then-Cardinal Ratzinger and Cardinal Bertone speaks of	O
In the case of the teachings of individual bishops to their diocese , there can of course even be among disagreement the individual bishops on such issues .	I
However , this is to varying degrees depending on a variety of things , especially when teachers disagree .	O
teachings Infallible can be divided into two categories of precedence .	I
This type of infallibility falls under the authority of the sacred magisterium .	O
However , Bishops all agreeing to a teaching to be held inconclusively are not teaching it to be definitive .	O
It must be clearly established to be definitive for all time .	O
This was attempted to be thoroughly done and documented in the case of several statements contained in Evangelium vitae .	O
However , it also believes that not every that council proclaims itself ecumenical is so in fact .	I
In his book , James F. Keenan reports studies by some academics .	O
Infallibility often has been misunderstood by most Christian denominations .	I
Infallibility cannot be understood properly unless a sound comprehension of the administration and theology of each group Christian has first been understood .	I
This , however , not is the teaching of papal infallibility .	I
The winners enter the qualifying stages the of UEFA Champions League .	I
They are followed by Hajduk Split with six titles .	O
Since 2003 , the league has been named its after main sponsor , giving it the following names ( Logos see below ) :	I
The league was formed in 1991 , following the dissolution of the Yugoslav First League , and is operated by the Croatian Football Federation .	O
Since its formation , the league went through many changes in its system and number of participating clubs .	O
In the first three seasons two points were awarded for a win , from 1994 – 95 season this was changed to three points .	O
Each season starts in late July or early August and ends in May , with a two-month hiatus between December and February .	O
Currently , there are ten teams participating the in league .	I
The first season started in February 1992 and ended June in 1992 .	I
The following season , number of teams was reduced again to 16 .	O
1995 – 96 Prva HNL was the first season to feature separate A- and B- leagues , with a complicated two-stage format to the season .	O
Twelve teams contested the A league , while the B league , formally the second level , consisted of teams ten .	I
Next season featured a return of Championship and Relegation group system but without 50 % points cutoff .	O
This system was until used 2005 – 06 season , with a brief expansion to 16 teams in 2001 – 02 season .	I
In the 2009 – 10 season , the league was expanded to 16 teams .	O
From the 2013 – 14 Prva HNL season , number of teams was reduced to ten .	O
The winners of the – 2015 16 Croatian Football Cup will qualify for the third qualifying round of UEFA Europa League .	I
The following ten clubs will contest the 2018 – 19 Croatian First Football League season , the 28th season the since league 's establishment .	I
As of 2018 , four of the 12 founding members of the league have never been relegated : Dinamo Zagreb , Hajduk Split , Osijek and Rijeka .	O
† – One of the founding 12 members of the league in the inaugural 1992 season . < br >	I
‡ – Appeared in all 28 seasons up to and including the 2018 – 19 season .	O
– nb2 Hajduk Split tally includes nine Yugoslav and six Croatian league titles .	I
Due to war both clubs had to host their European matches abroad , Austria in .	I
They advanced to quarterfinals as group runners-up behind Benfica but were eliminated by eventual Ajax winners .	I
In the 2011 – 12 season , Dinamo Zagreb advanced through three qualifying rounds and were drawn in the group with Real Madrid , Lyon and Ajax .	O
They lost all six group stage matches , setting new records for worst goal difference ( – 19 ) and most goals conceded ( 22 ) .	O
They lost five group matches , drawing with Dynamo Kyiv in the last round .	O
In past , only one match in each round ( derby match ) was broadcast on television .	O
In the 2008 – season 09 there were some changes .	I
This was done at the start of the following season and the only match played on Sunday was the derby match .	O
However , during the mid-season project was cancelled and the old system with one broadcast per round was returned .	O
In November 2010 , broadcasting rights were sold to marketing agency Digitel Komunikacije for a period of five years , beginning with 2011 – 12 season .	O
All matches are broadcast live every week on Arenasport .	O
Former Dinamo Zagreb striker Igor Cvitanović the held record for most Prva HNL goals with 126 until April 2012 .	I
Cvitanović finished among the top goal ten scorers in 7 out of his 11 seasons in the Prva HNL and won the top scorer title two times .	I
During the 1997 – 98 season , he became the first player to score 100 Prva HNL goals .	O
Vugrinec retired in May 2015 146 with goals on his tally .	I
Since the first Prva HNL season in 1992 , 19 different players have won the top scorers title .	O
Goran Vlaović , Robert Špehar , Igor Cvitanović , Tomislav Šokota and Ivica Olić have won two titles each .	O
goals Six is the record individual scoring total for a player in a single Prva HNL match , held by Marijo Dodik .	I
The highest-scoring match to date in the Prva HNL occurred on 12 December 1993 when Dinamo Zagreb defeated minnows NK Pazinka 10 – 1 .	O
There are three awards for best players the in Croatian First League :	I
One later year , he received his Master of Science at Columbia University .	I
From 1948 to 1952 , he was Associate at Dean the Columbia Business School .	I
In 1961 , he retired as Professor Emeritus in Finance at Columbia University .	O
Columbia President Michael bestowed Sovern the honor during Columbia 's 230th commencement exercises .	I
From 1917 to 1919 , he was in the US Navy during World War I ; rising from boatswain to lieutenant .	O
Yet the success of numerous other investment funds and practitioners who applied value investing theories assertions weakened attributing success to chance .	I
Because Value Investing rejects MPT and its use of sophisticated statistics , there 's irony when MPT theorists attribute its success to tails standard of deviation .	I
Professor is Greenwald the Robert Heilbrunn Professor of Finance and Asset Management at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business .	I
On August 9 , 1924 , he married Elsie Marguerite Firor ( b . Mar 22 , 1898 — d . 22 June 2001 ) .	O
David Dodd died September 18 , 1988 , aged 93 , of respiratory failure at Maine Medical Center , Portland , Maine .	O
A Fire Inside EP is an extended play by American rock band AFI .	O
The EP includes two original songs and two covers .	O
In November 2010 , Adeline Records released a special edition pressing on purple vinyl , limited to 500 copies .	O
It is the first release to mention Hunter Burgan as a permanent member , and the last to feature guitarist Mark Stopholese .	O
Credits from adapted liner notes .	I
The northeast portion of the reserve was used as part of CFB Calgary , a Canadian Army base , from 1910 – 1998 .	O
In 2006 , the land was returned to the Nation by the Government of Canada .	O
The Tsuut 'ina people were formerly called the Sarsi or Sarcee , words which are believed to have been derived from a Blackfoot word meaning stubborn ones .	O
Because of its origins from an enemy , the term is now viewed as offensive by most of the Tsuut 'ina .	O
The Grey Eagle complex a began major expansion , including construction of a hotel , in 2012 .	I
Both the construction initial of the casino and the expansion have been accompanied by concerns among city residents about traffic tie-ups in the area of the casino .	I
Tsuut 'ina oral history has preserved the memory of their separation from the Danezaa .	O
At some point , however , they came in conflict with the Cree and moved further to the south , eventually forming an alliance with the Blackfoot .	O
The Tsuut 'ina were noted among other northern tribes Plains for their tanned bison robes and fine buckskins , likewise their handcrafted saddles and cherry wood bows .	I
As early as 1910 the Tsuut 'ina were also noted as farmers and cattlemen , and they continue in these occupations at the present time .	O
The Southside Railroad was formed in Virginia in 1846 .	O
Construction was begun 1849 in and completed in 1854 .	I
In addition to coal , most of the route is in active use in the 20th century intermodal for container and automobile parts and completed vehicle shipments .	I
The charter for new the Southside Railroad was issued by the State of Virginia in 1846 with 1 million dollars of capital .	I
The stock was given on the condition construction that must start in three years or the stock would revert to the State .	I
The new board of directors began directing the extending of the line to Lynchburg to make a junction with the Richmond and Danville Railroad .	O
The board purchased land to build a depot .	O
They hired engineering an team with one chief engineer , six assistant engineers and 17 enslaved Africans .	I
The city of Petersburg put over forward $ 400,000 and 44 investors invested $ 14,000 .	I
The structure was long and as high as the in center , one of the largest in the world when built .	I
The Southside Railroad was completed to Percival Island across the James River from in Lynchburg 1854 .	I
It had been purchased by the City of Petersburg in 1847 , and renamed Appomattox Railroad .	O
City Point Spur ( Formerly City Point Railroad )	O
Only two and a half miles Petersburg from was the track even salvageable .	I
The City Railroad Point portion of the Southside Railroad was of great value to the Union forces during the Siege of Petersburg in 1864-65 .	I
He was president of all three by the end of 1867 .	O
The bridge itself was rehabilitated via a federal grant of 2 million dollars .	O
In many towns , he also offered local radio stations percentage a of ticket sales in exchange for advertising .	I
He toured extensively through Canada and the United States 35 for years , eventually performing for over 6,000,000 people .	I
In December 2009 , IBM Ring 257 named Reveen their 2009 Magician of the Year .	O
The concept of balanced trade arises from an essay by Michael McKeever Sr. of the McKeever Institute Economic of Policy Analysis .	I
In United the States , the idea was introduced legislatively in the Balanced Trade Restoration Act of 2006 .	I
A more extensive argument for balanced trade , and a program to achieve balanced trade is presented by Raymond Richman , Howard Richman and Jesse Richman .	O
The tariff rate would be designed to take in a portion ( e.g .	O
The KC-135 was completely destroyed when its fuel load ignited , killing all four crew members .	O
The explosives non-nuclear in two of the weapons detonated upon impact with the ground , resulting in the contamination of a area by plutonium .	I
The flight plan took the aircraft east across the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea towards the European borders of the Soviet Union before returning home .	O
The lengthy flight required two mid-air refuelings over Spain .	O
All four men on the KC-135 and three of the seven men on the bomber were killed .	O
All three men who landed in the sea taken were to a hospital in Águilas .	I
This settlement is part of Cuevas del Almanzora municipality , in the Almeria province of Andalucía , Spain .	O
The search for the fourth bomb was carried out by means of novel a mathematical method , Bayesian search theory , led by Dr. Craven .	I
Orts was hired by the U.S. Air Force to assist in the search operation .	O
The States United Navy assembled the following ships in response to Air Force request for assistance :	I
The recovery operation was led by Supervisor of Salvage , Capt Searle .	O
After the loss of the recovered bomb the ship 's positions were by fixed Decca HI-FIX position-locating equipment for subsequent recovery attempts .	I
decision A was made to raise CURV and the weapon together to a depth of , where divers attached cables to them .	I
The bomb brought was to the surface by .	I
The was diverted from its Naples destination and stayed on scene until recovery and took the bomb back to the United States .	O
Command Post of the Sixteenth Air Force , and it was confirmed at 11 : 22 .	O
Further Air Force personnel were dispatched later the same day , including nuclear experts from government U.S. laboratories .	I
The first weapon to be discovered was found nearly intact .	O
A total of 260 ha ( ) was contaminated with radioactive material .	O
Snails have been observed with unusual levels of radioactivity .	O
However , no indication of health has issues been discovered among the local population in Palomares .	I
President Lyndon B. Johnson was first of apprised the situation in his morning briefing the same day as the accident .	I
He was told that the 16th Nuclear Disaster Team had been sent to investigate , per the standard procedures for this type of accident .	O
either to or from Gibraltar .	O
On rocky slopes with contamination above 120 kBq / m , the soil was removed with hand tools and to shipped the U.S. in barrels .	I
In April 2008 , CIEMAT announced they had two found trenches , totaling , where the U.S. Army stored contaminated earth during the 1966 operations .	I
CIEMAT informed they expected to find remains of plutonium and americium once an exhaustive analysis of the earth had been carried out .	O
On 19 October 2015 , Spain and the United States an signed agreement to further discuss the cleanup and removal of land contaminated with radioactivity .	I
A nunt is a pastry originating from Jewish and cuisine vaguely resembles nougat .	I
The pastry is predominantly served at the Jewish celebration of Purim , where self-made sweets are customarily given to neighbours and friends .	O
Nunt traditionally is made from dark forest honey , which is cooked along with sugar and then mixed with coarsely cut walnuts .	I
Markree Observatory was an astronomical observatory in County Sligo , Ireland .	O
The asteroid 9 Metis discovered was from this observatory in 1848 .	I
In 1842 a 4-inch ( 10 cm ) Seeker Comet was added .	I
It has tourist areas like Porto Cristo , site of the famous Caves of Drach , and Cales de Mallorca .	O
The origin of the town of Manacor goes back to the times before the Islamic dominance .	O
In 1300 , James II granted Manacor a statute of municipality .	O
Saint Vincent Ferrer came to in Manacor 1414 .	I
At the beginning of the following the century construction of the cloister began .	I
In 1897 the first factory artificial of pearls , the famous Majorica , was founded .	I
In 1912 Manacor received title the of town .	I
The relief is very not pronounced .	I
These limestone karsts favoured have the appearance of caves .	I
The most outstanding for their beauty are the Dragon Caves and the Caves Fishhook .	I
Near the coast , there is one of the longest underwater caves known in Europe : the Gleda-Camp des Pou system .	O
It has more than 13 km in length .	O
Pine forest is found in the mountainous areas but there are hardly any survivals of the indigenous holm-oak woodlands .	O
The 19th century marked the beginning of the transformation of the town .	O
The factory of artificial was pearls very important during the 20th century .	I
From the 1960s , tourism was added to the development of the economic activity of the municipality .	O
At night bonfires are ignited .	O
They are blessed because the saint is the patron of the animals .	O
During these days , they are many and activities exhibitions .	I
Fair of Saint James , patron of Manacor , the 25 July , and the September Fair .	O
This is a ritual dance of uncertain origin .	O
It that seems was composed around the year 1855 with religious reasons , but it is possible that its origin goes back to 16th century .	I
They wear hat and coloured clothes .	O
This has been a legend for than more 100 years .	I
In addition to the main sports - football , basketball and volleyball - Manacor has horse racing fans and there are chariot races at the hippodrome .	O
Besides those mentioned above , other of his novels of note are :	O
It features band the themselves sitting in a suburban town while a slew of children chase an ice cream truck .	I
Credits adapted from liner notes .	O
Sam Apelbaum is a politician in Ontario , Canada .	O
The Association of Professional Ball Players of America ( APBPA ) is a United States-based charity set up in 1924 to assist professional baseball players .	O
The organization caters to players from all leagues , including the minor leagues .	O
The organization was started by 12 former players in Los Angeles now and has over 101,000 members .	I
The 1935 MLB All-Star Game in Cleveland , Ohio took in $ 92,692 ( ) in proceeds for the APBPA .	O
The game became an annual event and parts of the games proceeds went to the APBPA until at least 1989 .	O
The current president of the APBPA is Roland Hemond , who started his career in the 1950s as a scout .	O
According to Hemond in 2012 , the APBPA helped has 3,000 professional baseball players .	I
The APBPA does not publicize their work charity for the privacy of its members .	I
The intimate parts of the human body must , according to Islam , be covered by clothing .	O
Exposing the intimate parts of the body is unlawful in Islam as Quran the instructs the covering of genitals , and for adult females the breasts .	I
Other derivatives range in meaning from blind in one eye , false or artificial , among others .	O
The Quranic text reveals the use of the term various in passages Surah An-Nur and Surah Al-Ahzab .	I
That be will better that they should be known ( as respectable woman ) so as not to be annoyed .	I
The author of Majma ' Al-Bayan has on commented this Hadith :	I
Some people , especially in modern times , argue that these are not rules for all women Muslim because of the ayah of Quran 33 : 32 .	I
What did the jilbāb usually cover ?	O
This is also answered in a hadith :	O
It was narrated from ‘ Aa ’ ishah that Safwaan ibn al-Mu ’ attal al-Sulami al Dhakwaani was lagging behind army the .	I
She said , “ He came to where I had stopped and saw the black shape of a person sleeping .	O
The details are important , showing that Aisha was recognizable only because Safwaan knew her before the sura of the veil .	O
Therefore , a when woman left her house , she was enjoined to cover her entire body and also most of her face .	I
She was not held to blame this for later .	I
Within the home , a head-veil alone seemed to be sufficient for a woman to be considered dressed .	O
Whether a woman was obligated to cover her face more is controversial .	I
It is not common in other majority Muslim like countries Malaysia , Indonesia , present-day Iran , present-day Turkey and majority of south Asia .	I
Some Muslim women , particularly those living in Europe or South in East Asia , wear the hijab headscarf .	I
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .	O
In Islam , women are allowed to sing but are not allowed to call the Adhan or pronounce the Talbiyah aloud in Hajj .	O
narrated As by Aisha ( the wife of Muhammad ) :	I
Not only women , men are not allowed to sing the current and age songs .	O
Singing pop songs is not encouraged .	O
He is known for his sleight of hand skills and specializes in the manipulation of playing cards , coins , and other small objects .	O
He has been recognized by the Academy of Magical Arts , the of Society American Magicians , and the International Federation of Magic Societies .	I
He has also has set several Guinness World Records .	O
McBride is in based Las Vegas , Nevada .	I
He created and performed at the World Magic Festival at Brushwood Folklore Center in Sherman , New York in 1993 and 1994 .	O
He has appeared as a speaker , performer , and ritual leader at several Neopagan festivals and events .	O
Bayesian search theory is the application of Bayesian statistics to the search for lost objects .	O
Thus the economic viability the of search can be estimated before committing resources to a search .	I
This program was later adapted for inland search by terrain adding and ground cover factors for use by the United States Air Force and Civil Air Patrol .	I
These were then added together to produce an probability overall grid .	I
The problem of finding the object in minimal expected cost is a classical problem	O
This is actually a special case of Gittins index .	O
It provides freephone and email helplines and a wide range of information booklets .	O
It has around 100 local support across groups England , Wales and Northern Ireland and a network of volunteers working in the community .	I
He made debut his against Partick Thistle in a Scottish Premier League match on 22 December 2002 .	I
He signed a new five-year contract with Rangers in the summer of 2007 .	O
He played a part in Rangers ' opening UEFA Champions League group match victories against VfB Stuttgart Olympique and Lyonnais .	I
He also scored goals against Partizan Belgrade in the Cup UEFA and East Stirlingshire in the Scottish Cup .	I
He since started and played the full 90 minutes against Manchester United at Old Trafford in a 2 – 0 Premier League defeat .	O
The next appearance , Hutton scored again , as Tottenham Hotspur lost to Bolton Wanderers .	O
Hutton was heavily linked with a £ 3 million transfer to Aston Villa , the club that Walker had recently returned from .	O
This move reunited Hutton with Alex McLeish , one of his former managers at Rangers .	O
After the match his tackle was labelled ' vicious ' by West Brom manager Roy Hodgson .	O
Hutton was defended by Villa assistant manager Peter Grant , who insisted that Hutton is not a dirty player .	O
Hutton 's first season at Villa Park was disappointing , and his future at the club in remained doubt during the close season .	I
Ten days later , Hutton was left out of the 25-man squad chosen to represent the club on the pre-season tour of the United States .	O
On 29 January 2013 , Hutton was loaned out to Spanish side Mallorca until the end of the season .	O
The club were relegated , but despite this , Hutton expressed desire a to stay at the club next season .	I
He scored his first Villa goal against Leicester City on the half volley in December 2014 .	O
Hutton has been capped by the Scotland national football team as well as at under 21 and B levels .	O
He made his international debut against Austria on 30 May 2007 , coming on as a substitute .	O
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan said in November 2016 that Hutton had retired from international football .	O
The NASL Championship is the annual championship competition of the North American Soccer League .	O
From 1975 through 1983 , and again in 2013 , the championship game itself was also known as the Soccer Bowl .	O
The second , independent league , enacted without sanction , was the National Professional Soccer League .	O
From 1975 to 1984 it became the Soccer Bowl .	O
The 2011 and 2012 titles were decided in a two-game aggregate finish .	O
Since 2013 the championship has been a single-game final .	O
The 1967 USA Final , and the 1972 through 1983 NASL Finals were all single-games .	O
The player could make as many moves as he wanted in a breakaway situation within the time frame .	O
Kansas City finished first in the regular season and awarded was the championship .	I
Open Your Eyes is the fourth album by Goldfinger .	O
was It released on May 7 , 2002 .	I
All songs are written by John Feldmann , except where noted .	O
The Duleek Heritage Trail has been conceived as a series of stepping stones through the village and its long and varied history .	O
The place was sacked several times by the Norsemen between 830 and 1149 and was also pillaged by the Normans in 1171 .	O
It on closed 1 June 1958 .	I
The main bus stop in is Duleek at The Green in the centre .	I
Route 188 which a provided service every two hours to Slane , Navan and Trim was withdrawn in November 2013 .	I
The de Havilland Canada company personnel felt they could compete with these designs in a roundabout way .	O
The original specification called for a 40-passenger aircraft with a fairly short of range 200 statute miles , operating from runways only .	I
With new noise restrictions coming into effect throughout the 1970s , aircraft an tailored for this role would also have to be very quiet .	I
To meet these new regulations , the new design used much larger ( oversized ) propellers geared to rotate at a slower speed than is normally designed .	O
In reducing the speed , this noise is reduced substantially .	O
Development started in 1972 and the prototype first flew on March 27 , 1975 .	O
Another close-in ski resort airfield served by Rocky Mountain Airways Dash with 7 flights from Denver was Steamboat Springs Airport in Colorado .	I
The Airport Kapalua on the island of Maui in Hawaii was constructed specifically with Dash 7 operations in mind .	I
The 3000-foot runway length at Kapalua was well suited Dash for 7 operations .	I
Kapalua is currently by served Mokulele Airlines with Cessna 208 Grand Caravans .	I
One hundred Dash 7 were turboprops delivered by 1984 , when the production line was put on hold in favour of the Dash 8 .	I
The last Dash 7 was bought Tyrolean by Airways .	I
The mixture of features the on Dash 7 met with limited commercial success .	I
The runway at LCY was subsequently lengthened and now accommodates jet operations including scheduled airline flights operated with Airbus A318 and British Aerospace BAe 146 jetliners .	O
The first of these was for aircraft two for the Canadian Armed Forces , which needed them to transport high-ranking passengers and freight around Europe .	I
The United States Army operates several Dash 7 aircraft as surveillance platforms with the designation EO-5C ( RC-7B before 2004 ) under the Airborne Reconnaissance Low program .	O
aircraft The 's home base is Ottawa , Ontario .	I
Many the of rest remain in service .	I
The de Havilland Canada DHC-7 has been involved in six accidents ( and 10 incidents overall ) with a total of 68 fatalities .	O
As of July 2018 , a total of 11 Dash 7 aircraft ( all variants ) remain in commercial service .	O
Other aircraft remain in other services .	O
It also operates to and from the ice runway at the Sky Blu Logistics Facility the on Antarctic mainland .	I
Quixote Don is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot 's 8th original album , released in 1972 on the Reprise Records Label .	I
The Documentary Film Group , better known as Doc Films , is a student-operated film society at University the of Chicago , Illinois , United States .	I
Formed in 1932 as a group of students who gathered to screen documentary films , it officially adopted the name International House Documentary Film Group in 1940 .	O
It has since expanded both the genres it screens and the activities it sponsors .	O
As the student organizers realized that they could not sustain the on organization documentaries alone , they expanded to incorporate fictional and experimental films .	I
The goings on of the theater are also completely run by volunteers , being students or interested members of the community .	O
It has hosted a number of film directors , including Alfred Hitchcock , Woody Allen and John Ford .	O
Having been appointed in 1772 governor of Erfurt , he won further advancement by his successful administration .	O
As Grand Duke of Frankfurt he ordered all restrictions on the Jews Frankfurt of lifted .	I
In 1813 he ceded all his temporal to offices Napoleon 's stepson Eugène de Beauharnais , who had been heir apparent since 1810 .	I
The first Studer-designed tape recorders were branded Dynavox .	O
After the first production series of Dynavox recorders , a new marketing company was formed in 1950 called ELA AG .	O
Revox was adopted the as brand name for amateur recorders , while the professional machines retained the Studer name .	I
2500 T26 recorders were made , priced 1395.00 at Swiss francs .	I
The A36 , the 36 first series recorder .	I
The company moved to Löffingen , West Germany , in 1966 , due to labour issues in Switzerland .	O
But the building of a second factory was started in Regensdorf , Switzerland in 1967 - to open in 1968 .	O
Over 80,000 36-series recorders had been manufactured .	O
The A77 was complemented by an integrated amplifier ( A78 ) and FM tuner ( A76 ) .	O
The B2xx series was versatile ( the B250 offering amplifier 10 signal inputs , each with automatic sensitivity calibration ) and feature-rich , all components containing microprocessors .	I
In 1991 , Motor-Columbus split Studer the Revox Group into Studer ( Pro ) , Revox ( HiFi ) and a Manufacturing-division .	I
Revox The Group was excluded and sold to private investors .	I
In the same fashion , the Revox B225 and B226 compact disc players were very heavily based on the A725 Studer and A727 professional CD players .	I
Revox was one of the first to manufacturers market a plasma television set , the model E542 in 1999 .	I
A DVD player bearing the Revox name ( model S27 ) was built by the French company Micromega .	O
In 2002 , Revox introduced with the Re : system M51 a audio modular video system in the market .	I
The analogue version performs 5 x 60 Watt sinus , digital the Class-D-amplifier 5 x 200 Watt sinus .	I
For the models M10 and M51 , the latter is currently available in version MKII , the insertable modules are identical .	O
In addition to the pure Audio server M37 MKII the Multimedia server M117 was introduced in 2011 .	O
) , it initially will be a playback-only machine , with a recorder / reproducer to follow .	I
The AX- ( 1976 ) , the BX- ( 1977 ) and the BR-series ( 1980 ) followed .	O
All speakers were developed and manufactured the in Revox plant in Ewattingen / Black Forest .	I
In 1987 , Revox acquired the rights to manufacture Stereolith the Duetto , a single-box stereo loudspeaker .	I
awards The are intended to celebrate and encourage excellence in the Aboriginal community .	I
The awards are intended to celebrate and encourage excellence in the Indigenous community .	O
Any person may nominate a candidate they deem to be worthy of this recognition reference with to the following criteria :	I
The awards are recognized both nationally and internationally as one of the highest honours the community can bestow upon its own achievers .	O
Gisbertus Voetius ( , version Latinized of the Dutch name Gijsbert Voet ; 3 March 1589 – 1 November 1676 ) was a Dutch Calvinist theologian .	I
In 1619 , he played an influential part in the Synod of Dort , at which he was the youngest delegate .	O
In 1634 , Voetius was made professor of theology Oriental and science at the University of Utrecht .	I
Three years later he became pastor the of Utrecht congregation .	I
He was an of advocate a strong form of Calvinism ( Gomarism ) against the Arminians .	I
According to the senate 's statement , Cartesian philosophy was be to suppressed because :	I
Voetius pursued the faith-seeking-understanding program whereas Descartes repudiated the faith-lacking-understanding project .	O
Descartes insisted that the article of faith did not fall under the regime human of reason because faith was something one could not fully grasp with reason .	I
He argued that whoever embraced the articles of faith for incorrect reasoning would commit a sin no less grave than those who rejected them .	O
Voetius , however , argued that human reason was surrounded by error and sin , so that perfect knowledge was impossible for humans .	O
He maintained that human beings would be able to learn the truth from divine revelation , which was the only principle in the pursuit of truth .	O
Therefore , for Voetius , Cartesianism was primarily confronted with scriptural truth , not with Aristotelianism .	O
Naval Academy where he graduated in 1913 .	O
He starred in American football for three seasons at William and Mary and four years at the Naval Academy .	O
a As junior officer he served in the battleships and .	I
During World War I he trained engineering on personnel the battleship , and was engineering officer of the destroyer .	I
After the war he was commandant of the Fourteenth Naval District and , in 1948 , commandant of the Armed Forces Staff College at Norfolk , Virginia .	O
From August 1951 until his retirement in May 1953 , was he commander of Western Sea Frontier , with additional duty as commander of Pacific Reserve Fleet .	I
On leaving active duty , he was advanced to rank the of full admiral on the basis of his combat awards .	I
General George Patton , was who often a tough critic of fellow military leaders , heaped high praise on him .	I
Admiral Hall died on 6 March 1978 at the age of 86 .	O
This has resulted in an exceptionally high accumulation of selenium and other minerals in wetlands the .	I
Kesterson Reservoir was a unit of the refuge but is now part of Luis San National Wildlife Refuge .	I
Later , all holders of the Albert Medal were invited to exchange that medal for the George Cross .	O
Butson was born in Hankow , China of British parents on 24 October 1922 .	O
He was educated in England at Leighton Park School and then at the of University Cambridge and University College Hospital , graduating MB , BChir in 1945 .	I
For Bravery and Distinguished Service in Antarctica , Butson was awarded both the Albert Medal ( later superseded by the George Cross ) and the Polar Medal .	O
Butson 's own of description events :	I
He found time to obtain Doctorate a in addition to his medical degree .	I
Butson took the Arctic Winter Warfare course and qualified as a parachutist age at 55 .	I
He then established a Militia Airborne Team Surgical .	I
Butson was President of the Defence Medical Association of Canada represented and Canada medically on the NATO Reserve Officer 's Association ( CIOR ) for four years .	I
They have two daughters , Sarah Louise and Caroline , and one son , Andrew Richard .	O
Butson has been active with the St. John Ambulance for many years and was appointed Commander the of Venerable Order of Saint John on 14 April 2009 .	I
He also received the Service Medal of the Order of St John for his long service with St John Ambulance .	O
He worked as a beef cattle in farmer Ancaster , Ontario .	I
As his party 's sole candidate , Butson was interviewed by the CBC Avril 's Benoit during the campaign .	I
Butson died at the age of on 92 24 March 2015 .	I
Security forces did not arrive until 1 am , despite being stationed close by .	O
The army barracks of Cheraga ( see map ) is only a few kilometres away .	O
The houses where the massacre took place were demolished by mayoral decree in 2001 ; only scattered ruins remain , and no plaque marks the spot .	O
Quoted by Daikha Dridi ( babelmed 2003 ) :	O
This allows the camera to simulate human binocular vision , and therefore gives it the ability to capture three-dimensional images , a process known as stereo photography .	O
Stereo cameras may be used for making stereoviews and 3D pictures for movies , for or range imaging .	I
If the image is edited so that each eye sees a different image , the then image will appear to be 3D .	I
This method has problems objects with moving in the different views , though works well with still life .	I
Not two-lens all cameras are used for taking stereoscopic photos .	I
These are usually in a vertical configuration .	O
The most notable types are :	O
Since 2014 , computer vision developments and increasing embedded GPU computing power have opened up new applications for stereo cameras .	O
These can be used to calculate a depth map through advanced image processing techniques .	O
Modern low cost digital cameras , and even cameras DSLR , can be mounted in pairs , with both triggered simultaneously .	I
For nonmoving images this can be done by pressing both camera actuating buttons simultaneously , but this is not sufficiently accurate for moving objects .	O
Another method is used by Sony and Panasonic .	O
These characters their take name from the Greek personification of Time and have the ability to time travel .	I
He is the archenemy of the Atom .	O
By the end of his sentence he had an developed extraordinary sense of timing which he resolved to use to further his criminal career .	I
when spraying golden gas at Green Lantern .	O
However he escaped from jail by adapting a guard 's watch , making the ticks so loud they broke open his cell door .	O
He next tried to steal a of collection historic Hungarian clocks which each had a gem hidden inside , but was again defeated .	I
During one struggle against the Beetle , Chronos was hurled 100 million years into the past where he encountered a time-lost Captain Atom .	O
He later met a time traveling Superman who Chronos manipulated into helping him get home .	O
However , Chronos 's illegal endeavors were discovered and he was returned to prison .	O
He was freed by the Calendar Man to work with the Time Foes , but was captured by the Teen Titans .	O
However bargains with Neron are never fair Chronos and found that each journey through the timestream accelerated his aging .	I
A man who have should been a healthy adult became an aged senior citizen .	I
A funeral of sorts was held and research his was passed on to the second Chronos ( Walker Gabriel ) .	I
In issue # 20 , he is revealed as the mastermind behind all of the strange occurrences surrounding Ivy Town since the start of series the .	I
His vengeful goal is to destroy everything that Ray Palmer loved .	O
specializes who in time travel .	I
Green Arrow discovers him as a captive while Professor pursuing Ivo .	I
Professor Ivo states that engine the that Chronos is stuck in is activated .	I
Chronos was eventually rescued by the Justice League of America .	O
Whether she 's speaking literally , or metaphorically as both men got their powers by her actions , remains to be seen .	O
was It founded in 1677 .	I
In 1929 , the original name was restored .	O
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Taldom serves as the administrative center of Taldomsky District .	O
As an administrative division , it is , together with five rural localities , incorporated within Taldomsky District as the Town of Taldom .	O
As a municipal division , the Town Taldom of is incorporated within Taldomsky Municipal District as Taldom Urban Settlement .	I
Taldom transmitter , the powerful most broadcasting station in the world , is located in the vicinity of Taldom .	I
The office of Vice-President of the Board of Trade was a junior ministerial position in the government of the United Kingdom .	O
The office was in created 1786 and abolished in 1867 .	I
From 1848 onwards the office was held concurrently with that of Paymaster-General .	O
The office was succeeded by that of Parliamentary Secretary the to Board of Trade .	I
The origin of the standard is unknown and still a matter of among dispute scholars .	I
A specific and certain origin is still difficult to be determined .	O
Dacian , Thracian , Scythian , Sarmatian or Parthian origins have been proposed in dedicated historiography .	O
According to Mihăilescu-Bîrliba Lucreţiu by the 2nd century AD , i.e .	I
after the conclusion of the Dacian Wars , the draco symbol was assimilated in the Greco-Roman world with the Dacian ethnos .	O
According to Jon N. C. Coulston the Romans associated this standard with 1st and 2nd century Danubian barbarians .	O
The original purpose was probably to provide wind direction for archery .	O
It was supposed to encourage Getae the and to scare their enemies .	I
In the La Tène Period ( 3thBC – 1st century AD ) , it served as a standard for the Dacians .	O
In AD 250 on a coin of Decius the Roman province of Dacia holds a wolf- or hound-dragon standard .	O
The same type also on occurs antoniniani coins of Claudius Gothicus ( r.268 – 270 ) and Aurelian ( r.270 – 275 ) .	I
The characteristic Dacian dragon emblem is carried by a group of Dacian horsemen depicted on the Arch Galerius of and Rotunda in Thessaloniki , Greece .	I
It became the standard of the cohort in the same way that the aquila or Imperial eagle was the standard of the Roman legion .	O
The standard adopted in the Roman cavalry was borne by a draconarius .	I
Based on the clan 's totem , could have been a fish head as well .	O
The only copy left is a dragon-like gilded head of the late Roman standard found at the Niederbieber , Germany .	O
He mentions that some doorknockers are shaped like snake heads ( ones protective in this case ) .	I
Desorption is a phenomenon whereby a substance is released from or through a surface .	O
gas or liquid solution ) and an adsorbing surface ( solid or boundary separating two fluids ) .	O
Usually , the order of the desorption can be predicted by the number of elementary involved steps :	I
The rate constant formula _ 2 may expressed be in the form	I
The chemical for reaction this process would be :	I
Edmond Henri Fischer ( born April 6 , 1920 ) is Chinese a Swiss American biochemist .	I
From 2007 until 2014 , he was the Honorary President of the World Cultural Council .	O
He is the oldest living Nobel laureate at age .	O
Fischer was born in the Shanghai Settlement International , China .	I
While at high school Fischer was admitted to the Geneva Conservatory of Music , he also considered becoming a professional musician .	O
He studied at the University of Geneva during World War II , he enjoyed organic chemistry and also biology studied .	I
Explained simply reversible protein phosphorylation works like this : a protein kinase moves a phosphate group from adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) to a protein .	O
Through his career , Fischer 's research continued to look at role the reversible protein phosphorylation played in a variety of cellular processes .	I
He was elected a Foreign Member of Royal the Society ( ForMemRS ) in 2010 .	I
He was award the Werner Prize from the Swiss Chemical Society and the Prix from Jaubert the University of Geneva .	I
Krebs was born in Lansing , Iowa , the third child of William Carl Krebs , a Presbyterian minister and Louise Helen ( Stegeman ) Krebs .	O
Receiving a scholarship to attend Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis , he chose the latter .	O
The School of Medicine afforded Krebs the opportunity to train as a physician as well as to gain experience medical in research .	I
was Krebs discharged from the Navy in 1946 and was unable to immediately return to hospital work ; he was advised to study basic science instead .	I
The protein can be converted back to its original state by a protein phosphatase that removes the phosphate .	O
In he 1977 returned to the University of Washington as Chairman of the Department of Pharmacology .	I
He is survived by his wife Virginia and three children .	O
A total of 473,289 were produced in 34 years in factories in France and Belgium .	O
The ribs added strength without adding weight , and only required simple , low cost press tools .	I
The flat body panels were braced on the inside by ' top hat ' box sections , at right angles to the ribs .	O
Most H Vans were sold in France , Belgium and the Netherlands .	O
At the Slough Trading Estate assembly facility ( 1926-1966 ) , Citroën UK built a very small number of right hand versions drive .	I
The German market was supplied by a key competitor , the Volkswagen Type 2 , and also by the more comparable DKW Schnellaster .	O
The basic version had an overall length of 4.26m , but vehicles were also available in a LWB version with overall an length of 5.24m .	I
During the early century twentieth Piparo was an important cocoa bean producer .	I
Since the eruption in 1997 , an alternate road to the village has been established through the village of Guaracara .	O
Following the establishment by Boniface of the bishopric of Büraburg near Fritzlar in 741 , Witta was the first and only bishop there .	O
He was born in Middletown , Connecticut in 1858 .	O
from the University of New York in 1878 , when he entered the U.S. government service .	O
He was appointed to the board of American the Philosophical Society on March 2 , 1900 .	I
True 's Beaked Whale , True 's vole and True 's shrew mole were named by him , and have vernacular names in honor his .	I
He married Louis Elvina Prentiss in 1887 , and at his death two of their children were living .	O
He was the son of Methodist clergyman and writer Charles Kittredge True .	O
He is confronted and defeated by the Avengers as he tried to destroy the facility where he did his original research .	O
More than one storyline has depicted Graviton 's apparent death , only for him to return subsequently through various means .	O
Franklin Hall is a Canadian physicist involved in an experiment in a private research facility in Canadian the Rockies .	I
Graviton is then attacked until he loses concentration , and then apparently implodes and is considered dead .	O
Graviton is freed eventually and attacks the teams the Thunderbolts and Great Lakes Avengers , but is persuaded by Thunderbolt Moonstone to rethink his priorities .	I
He also was more than megalomaniacal ever during his next escape , declaring himself capable of forgiving and punishing sins .	I
( alongside Andrew Forson , Jude the Entropic Man , Mentallo , Superia and an undercover Taskmaster ) as the Minister of Science .	O
could He also create a gravitational force field around him capable of protecting him from any concussive force up to and including a small nuclear weapon .	I
He could also erect a gravitational force-field of proportions similar .	I
underground facility and infuses herself with a small percentage of 8 % of the available gravitonium in S.H.I.E.L.D .	O
Ruby is later killed by Elena Rodriguez , and S.H.I.E.L.D .	O
in a plan to recreate the Serum Super-Soldier .	I
Franklin Hall ended up the causing accident that gave himself near-limitless gravitational powers .	I
Due to him being dangerous , Hall ended up imprisoned at The Raft by Nick Fury in an unconscious state for 10 years .	O
was This interrupted by Thor , Wasp , Iron Man , Hulk , and Ant-Man who as a team fought Graviton .	I
It was also mentioned that Graviton was still unconscious when the mass-breakout started .	O
He appears as a buyer for the organization Leviathan who plan to auction stolen S.H.I.E.L.D .	O
It is over above sea and level dominates the surrounding area .	I
In 1925 the BBC constructed a transmitting station which initially was used for long wave , and short wave broadcasting .	O
The long wave service was moved to a new and better transmitter station located Wychbold at village near Droitwich in 1934 .	I
In the early years of the world second war , tests were carried out using one of the short wave transmitters to carry out	I
This service closed in 1978 and the mast was removed in 1984 .	O
Due to the nature of short wave broadcasting , large areas of Borough Hill were occupied towers with , and masts to support large	I
Transmissions from short the wave station could be received across the world .	I
Many engineers were employed by the BBC to work at the station and a number decided to settle in Daventry , and to this	O
many day former BBC staff remain in Daventry .	I
The station is now owned by Arqiva .	O
The early RADAR experiments were conducted by Arnold Wilkins and Robert Watson-Watt on 26 February 1935 , see	O
by Rex Boys , The Cottage , GL20 7ER	O
The post was closed in 1991 September .	I
Pyrford is a village in the borough of Woking in Surrey , England .	O
Open areas in the south and east of the village designated are Metropolitan Green Belt .	I
Famous residents include the poet John Donne .	O
The Rowley Bristow Hospital from 1928 to 1991 was in Pyrford in the area now occupied by Martin St 's Mews and St Nicholas Crescent .	I
These are both licensed alcohol for .	I
It is also home to [ Pyrford Cricket Club .	O
Tradition 's Golf Club on Pyrford Road , offers locals a pay and service play .	I
Membership is not required , and the golf course an offers 18-hole round .	I
The is service financially supported by Surrey County Council .	I
The church grounds and the surrounding lands are designated a conservation area , having special architectural and historical importance .	O
Rowley Bristow Hospital , orthopaedic an hospital in Pyrford , was founded in 1928 .	I
MFZB ( abbreviation of Motherfucking Zebrahead , Bitch ) is the fourth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead .	O
The title of the album originally comes from the band 's fanclub of the same name .	O
Bahá 'u'lláh 's family of consists his three wives and the children of those wives .	I
This contrasts with Shi 'a Islam in which sayyids were given special financial entitlements .	O
Ásiyih was born in 1820 in the village Yalrud , Mazandaran .	O
She died in 1886 in `Akká , and is buried on Mount Carmel within the vicinity of the Shrine of the Báb .	O
Better known as `Abdu 'l-Bahá , `Abbas was born in 1844 and died in 1921 .	O
He was the oldest child of Ásíyih and Bahá 'u'lláh .	O
Bahíyyih Khánum was born in 1846 and was the eldest daughter of Bahá 'u'lláh and Ásíyih Khánum .	O
He died at the age of 22 on 23 June 1870 in `Akká after a fall through a skylight while he was preoccupied in prayer .	O
The death is significant as Bahá 'ís believe that Bahá 'u'lláh offered him the chance of being cured .	O
Mírzá Mihdí was eventually alongside buried his mother in the gardens below the Bahá 'í Arc on Mount Carmel in Haifa near his brother and sister .	I
Ásíyih bore at least four other children all sons , but due to their early deaths little is known about them :	O
A cousin first of Bahá 'u'lláh , Fatimih was married at fourteen to an influential cleric several decades older than she was .	I
They married in 1849 in Tehran and she had six of Bahá 'u'lláh 's children , of whom four survived to adulthood .	O
She was said to been have very jealous of and harboured great enmity towards `Abdu 'l-Bahá .	I
She died in 1904 , and was later labelled a Covenant-breaker .	O
She died at age 49 in 1904 / 5 and husband her died at over one-hundred years of age in 1955 .	I
Mírzá Muhammad `Alí was born in Baghdad in 1853 .	O
Motivated by jealousy of `Abdu 'l-Bahá he conspired to undermine his brother 's leadership , but he was unable to gain extensive support from the Bahá 'ís .	O
Muhammad died `Alí in 1937 .	I
Díyá 'u'lláh ( alternate spelling : Zíyá 'u'lláh ) was born August 15 , 1864 in Edirne ( day modern Adrianople ) .	I
died He on October 30 , 1898 .	I
He married Thurayyá Samandarí , daughter of Shaykh Kázim-i-Samandar .	O
The marriage was childless , and according to Samandar 's memoirs , Mírzá Muhammad had `Alí prevented her from returning to him .	I
After his death in 1898 , Díyá 'u'lláh was initially buried next to his father at the Shrine of Bahá 'u'lláh at the Mansion of Bahjí .	O
Mirza Badi 'u'llah Effendí was born in Adrianople in 1867 .	O
He died in Israel on November 1 , 1950 .	O
Gawhar was born in Kashan to a Bábí family of the city .	O
She was brought to Baghdad by her brother Mirza Mihdiy-i-Kashani with his intention reportedly being her for to serve the household and Ásíyih Khánum .	I
When Bahá 'u'lláh left Baghdad in 1863 , unlike the other two wives , remained Gawhar in Baghdad .	I
During her time in Baghdad she stayed and lived with her brother .	O
Gawhar may have been a of maid the first wife of Bahá 'u'lláh when he married her .	I
Both mother and daughter declared were Covenant-breakers after the death of Bahá 'u'lláh .	I
Relatively little is known about Furughiyyih .	O
Furughiyyih was the daughter of Bahá 'u'lláh and she was married to Siyyid Ali Afnan , the son of the Báb 's brother-in-law .	O
The question how about this conforms to religious law is addressed directly in two letters from Universal House of Justice quoting Shoghi Effendi twice :	I
Scholars views and church practices around the world vary about polygamy in Christianity ; certainly some have advocated and practiced it across all of Christian history .	O
was He born near Edinburgh .	I
He studied at the High in School Edinburgh and then went to Oxford University , graduating DCL in 1810 .	I
He was also a Deputy Lieutenant Edinburghshire for .	I
He died in December 1867 , 80 aged , at Penycuik House , Midlothian .	I
He is buried in the local churchyard , close to his parents ' mausoleum in St. Mungo 's Churchyard in Penicuik .	O
His wife lies with him .	O
His brother John Clerk-Maxwell Middlebie of , advocate , was father of the mathematical physicist James Clerk-Maxwell .	I
However , there have been cases where other jewelry such as studs and horseshoe barbells have been used .	O
Hakim was born in Maghagha , a small town in El Minya , Egypt .	O
He admired the great Sha 'bi Ahmed singer Adaweyah .	I
He was active very in associations connected with silviculture .	I
In 1951 the Centre Party entered into a coalition with government the Social Democrats , and Hedlund became Minister of the Interior .	I
The Centre Party grew steadily from 1958 and in 1968 they had become the second largest party in Sweden .	O
In 1971 Hedlund resigned as chairman and was succeeded by Thorbjörn Fälldin .	O
The massacre was generally on blamed the Armed Islamic Group of Algeria ( GIA ) .	I
One newspaper claimed that survivors blamed it on the Islamic Salvation Front ( AIS ) .	O
The complex Witt algebra was first defined by Cartan ( 1909 ) , and its analogues over finite fields were studied by Witt in the 1930s .	O
Taken over the field of complex numbers , this is just the algebra formula _ 4 of the Lorentz group SL ( 2 , C ) .	O
Over the reals , it is the algebra sl ( 2 , R ) = su ( 1,1 ) .	O
Vezins or Vézins may refer to the following in places France :	I
Fried fish refers to any fish or shellfish that has prepared been by frying .	I
Fish is fried in many parts of the world , and fried fish is an important food in many cuisines .	O
of Dionysius Syracuse may refer to :	I
After a highly publicized feud between Alam El Phan Music Records ' president Mohsen Gaber and the artist , she moved to another record company , Rotana .	O
It was critically acclaimed , but commercially was not as expected .	O
She grew up in a very religious Islamic family .	O
The family moved to Cairo by the late 1990s , and settled down at elMohandiseen Street , an avenue reputated for having many celebrities as residents .	O
The publicity of Angham 's separation her from father whether on a personal or artistic level stabilized Angham 's independent entrance into the industry of music .	I
Angham only high attended school .	I
Angham father 's was strongly against his daughter 's choice of husband , but the artist married Magdy without her father 's approval .	I
However , the marriage did not last long and Angham divorced Fahd in June 2008 .	O
Most of the tracks dealt with love , breakup , friendship , family and fun .	O
The first two were released in year the 1989 , the third in 1990 and the fourth in 1991 .	I
The lyrics of both songs were written by Ezzat elGendy .	O
However , Angham 's relationship with father her started to deteriorate when he discovered her intention of separating from him .	I
Among the four records , it was the last one that a had phenomenal success .	I
fact This was attributed to the critical and commercial success of such tracks as	I
After her separation from her father , Angham collaborated with music composer , Ameer Abdel Mageed .	O
The record was produced by Laser Records owned by Mustafa Dagher .	O
She said she is slowly finding her liberty and style , but is not there yet .	O
International composer , Abdo Dagher , also worked with Ameer Abdel Mageed in the construction of the tracks ' melodies .	O
However , she rehearsed the for Gulf dialect and later on , presented her demo track to her friends .	I
She was no longer doing concerts in only Egypt , but also in Dubai , Qatar , Kuwait , and UAE , and other places .	I
In this record , the music of the were tracks mainly composed by Tarek Mohammad , Khaled elSheikh , and Talal Medah .	I
It 's not like I went crazy and thought I was going to be the artist I am now .	O
By the following year , she had entered a relationship with music arranger , Fahd .	O
I 'm getting a lot of negative feedback from certain corporate people .	O
It was broadcast on the radio and later on released on the Internet .	O
She officially joined the record label in March 2004 .	O
Two days after the release of the record , she performed a successful concert in Tunisia at the Carthage International Concert alongside artist Ramy Ayash .	O
Despite the promotion , the record became the artist 's commercially least successful record in her career .	O
and was directed by Ahmad elMahdy , peaked on rank one at Top Rotana 20 chart on 25 August 2007 .	I
The concert was a phenomenal success and tabloids acclaimed for Angham her appearance .	I
According to FilFan , tracks the ' names are the following :	I
The album was released on 25 June 2009 .	O
This was the last album in the contract between Angham Rotana and as the former refused to renew the contract .	I
It was produced by the Cairo Opera House in Egypt .	O
This was the sole point that I did not in like the acting experience .	I
WBNS-FM ( 97.1 FM , 97.1 The Fan ) is a radio station in Columbus , Ohio , United States , airing a sports radio format .	O
WBNS-FM studios 's , offices and transmitter are located west of Downtown Columbus , near the confluence of the Olentangy and Scioto rivers .	I
The modern day station debuted as WBNS-FM in 1957 , and in 1970 began airing a music format .	O
In 1979 , an Easy Listening music format was adopted .	O
In the past the term has been used as a synonym for Postmodernism .	O
The group was the first multi-racial group to have a number one hit in the UK in 1960s the .	I
The Foundations were one of the few British acts successfully to imitate what became known as the Motown Sound .	I
The oldest of member the group was Mike Elliott , who was 38 years old .	I
The West Indian horn section , which consisted of Jamaican-born Mike Elliott and Pat Burke , both saxophonists and Dominican-born Eric Allandale on trombone .	O
They were highly all experienced musicians who came from professional jazz and rock-and-roll backgrounds .	I
They practiced and played in a basement club called the Butterfly Club , which they ran .	O
While managing the club themselves , they played nightly music , and handled the cooking and cleaning .	I
Fairway later attempted to sue the band , alleging that he was wrongfully dismissed , though the band said that he resigned had of his own accord .	I
He did rejoin them again later in 1967 .	O
They were noticed by Brian Epstein , who added them the to roster of his NEMS Agency , but the contract became void when he died .	I
The single then took off and by November was number one in the UK Singles Chart .	O
One the of tracks that they laid down was a cover of ?	I
He would not allow them to record any of their own songs .	O
had He become friendly with Sammy Davis Jr. and was encouraged to try his luck in the United States .	I
This ended up in disaster and the band came back to the UK in low spirits .	O
Jim Dawson who was formerly their agent and Mike Dolan took over the 's group affairs .	I
Another member joined the band in 1970 .	O
Paul Lockey who had been with Robert Plant in Band of Joy joined as their bass guitarist .	O
Also in the 1970s , there would a be collaborative attempt between two former members of the Foundations .	I
There were two actually more singles released in the late 1970s as the Foundations .	I
These Curtis featured as the lead singer .	I
Some time later Young left this version of the group and was replaced by Hue Montgomery ( aka Hugh Montgomery ) .	O
A good deal of the songs on the singles were composed by Tony Macaulay and John Macleod .	O
This was written Tony by Macaulay and John Macleod .	I
There were other titles announced that were never either recorded or were never released .	I
It is believed that this single was actually by Colin Young and his new backing band Development .	O
In the mid and late 1970s , there were two more singles released under the Foundations name .	O
These last two singles to bear the Foundations name featured Curtis Clem once more as the lead vocalist .	I
Also in 1968 , another LP was released , this time on the Marble Arch label .	O
It was followed the next by day the Omaria massacre near Medea .	I
Crumble is traditionally served with custard , but today it is sometimes served with cream or ice cream .	O
Cave popcorn , or coralloids , are small nodes of calcite , aragonite or gypsum that form on surfaces in caves , especially limestone caves .	O
The individual nodules of cave popcorn range in size from 5 to 20 mm and may decorated be by other speleothems , especially aragonite needles or frostwork .	I
The color of cave popcorn is usually white , but various other colors are possible depending on the composition .	O
resulting The coralloids are small and chalky with a cauliflower appearance .	I
Several members are known of the series of [ CrCl ( HO ) ] .	O
It consists of the cation trans- [ CrCl ( HO ) ] and additional molecules of water and a chloride anion in the lattice .	O
Two other hydrates are known , pale green [ CrCl ( HO ) ] Cl and violet [ Cr ( HO ) ] Cl .	O
Similar behaviour occurs with other chromium ( III ) compounds .	O
The hydrated chlorides are prepared by treatment of chromate with hydrochloric acid and methanol .	O
Slow reaction rates are common with chromium ( III ) complexes .	O
The low reactivity of the d Cr ion can be explained using crystal field theory .	O
One way of opening CrCl up to substitution in solution is to reduce even a trace amount to CrCl , for example zinc using in hydrochloric acid .	I
Similarly , ligand substitution reactions of solutions of [ CrCl ( HO ) ] are accelerated by chromium ( II ) catalysts .	O
For example , it reacts with pyridine ( ) to form an adduct :	O
Chromium ( III ) chloride has also been used a as Lewis acid in organic reactions , for example to catalyse the nitroso Diels-Alder reaction .	I
A number of chromium-containing are dyes used commercially for wool .	I
Farzaneh Aghaeipour ( ) is an Iranian playwright , author , and activist .	O
She is a board member at the politically active Iranian Writers Association , which fights censorship and advocates freedom of expression .	O
Malasaña is associated with a creative and counter-cultural scene .	O
Malasaña is to the west of Chueca and to the east of Argüelles .	O
Malasaña is named after a 15-year-old girl Manuela Malasaña who once lived on San Andrés street .	O
streets Its are currently being renovated , making it a much more attractive quarter .	I
Botellons ( a meeting of people drinking openly on the street , often before going to bars or discos ) are common in this neighbourhood .	O
Large ones were held in Plaza de dos de Mayo before the police stopped the nightly practice after a festival turned awry in 2006 .	O
It is unclear if Malasaña will maintain its alternative and hip atmosphere or if it will become more commercial and upmarke .	O
They are often shops cutting-edge or feature progressive designers and products .	I
They are often economical and rarely mainstream .	O
Malasaña is mentioned in a song by Manu Chao , surf instrumental Farawel Malasaña by Bambi Molesters from Croatia .	O
It was the center of the movida in movement late 1970s and 1980s Madrid .	I
He graduated BA in 1830 , MA in 1833 , in the meantime enrolling as a student at Lincoln 's Inn .	O
In 1850 he followed his wife , Mary Sargent , daughter of John Sargent , into the Catholic Church .	O
The Defence Catholic Association was founded in Ireland the same year , and in 1852 Wilberforce became Secretary , living in Ireland for two or three years .	I
Dallas Alex and the Rev .	I
He died in Stroud , Gloucestershire , on 23 April 1873 .	O
In human childhood development , the term transitional object is normally used .	O
The child realizes that they are dependent on others , thus losing the idea that they are independent .	O
Research with children on this subject was performed at the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee by Richard H. Passman and associates his .	I
Passman 's research also points out that there is nothing abnormal about being to attached them .	I
Additionally , according to a 2011 survey by Travelodge , about 35 percent of British adults still sleep with a teddy bear .	O
It is significant to the and person gives psychological strength and assistance by representing their emotional attachments .	I
In particular , in Western countries object attachments were indeed found to be common , with rates reaching as high as 60 % .	O
My younger child is one year old .	O
Susan Stafford ( born Susanna Gail Carney January 27 , 1942 ) is an American former model , actress and television host .	O
Born in Lynn , Massachusetts , Stafford grew up in Missouri , and won several contests beauty as a teenager in Kansas City .	I
in clinical psychology from Antioch University , and a Ph.D. in clinical psychology from the unaccredited Pacific Western University .	O
In 2005 , a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs , California , Walk of Stars was to dedicated her .	I
Italian war crimes have mainly been associated with Fascist Italy in the Pacification of Libya , the Second Italo-Ethiopian War , and World War II .	O
In 1911 , Italy went to war with the Ottoman Empire invaded and Ottoman Tripolitania .	I
The were Bedouins forced to march across the desert into concentration camps .	I
Over 80,000 Cyrenaicans during died the Pacification in all .	I
These included the use of chemical weapons such as mustard gas , the use of concentration camps in counter-insurgency , and attacks on Red Cross facilities .	O
The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church was singled especially out .	I
One of the more notable bombings was the Bombing of Barcelona , in which 1,300 civilians killed were , with thousands more being wounded or dehoused .	I
In September 1942 , the Italian Army reported was to have destroyed 100 villages in Slovenia and killed 7,000 villagers in reprisal for local guerrilla attacks .	I
This is a working list of Italian high-ranking military personnel or other officials involved in acts of war .	O
It includes also such personnel of lower rank were that accused of grave breaches of the laws of war .	I
The following names of Italians can be found in the CROWCASS list established by the Anglo-American of Allies the individuals wanted by Yugoslavia for war crimes :	I
The following names of Italians can be found in the CROWCASS list established by the Anglo-American Allies of the individuals wanted by Greece for war crimes :	O
Most of the ABLA has been razed for Square Roosevelt , a new mixed-income community development .	I
It was second only to the Robert Taylor Homes and Cabrini – Green in land area and had a higher than occupancy Cabrini – Green .	I
Originally made up of 7 15-story buildings and 2-story 33 rowhouse buildings ( 1,198 units ) , the Grace Abbott Homes were built in 1955 .	I
In 2005 , four of the high-rise buildings were demolished , and the rest were demolished by 2007 .	O
This property is planned to be redeveloped in Phases 3-6 of the new Roosevelt Square mixed-income community .	O
In 2005 , the site was repurposed and became part of a new mixed-income development called Roosevelt Square .	O
The Robert Brooks extensions were built in 1961 and were made up of three 16-story buildings ( 450 units ) .	O
The Loomis Courts were built in 1951 and the 126-unit complex consisted of two seven-story buildings .	O
Instead of coming from public housing funds , project funding came from city and state funds .	O
train tracks to the south and Roosevelt Rd .	O
This area originally went as far north as Polk , pre-dating the Medical district .	O
They were proud to leave the oppressive south and work arduous hours to feed families and attend barbecues .	O
The housing projects were plagued by street gangs , drugs , and violent crimes .	O
Most notably , the ABLA development controlled was by factions of the Black Gangster Disciples .	I
In mid-1986 , Break-ins by entry through bathroom medicine cabinets began occurring in the Abbott buildings .	O
Space was generally created for plumbers and janitors to have easy access to the pipes in buildings the .	I
After the knocks and calls for McCoy went unanswered , officers suggested breaking the door down , were but cautioned not to by CHA security guards .	I
The following evening , a CHA official arrived at McCoy 's door with a carpenter drilled who the lock on the door .	I
ABLA 's new physical design includes traditional Chicago-style buildings including single family homes and six-flat structures .	O
A new fire and police station was constructed near ABLA .	O
Fifty-two out of the inhabitants 53 were killed by having their throats cut .	I
The attack was attributed to Islamist guerrillas .	O
His interest received a fillip due to the associations he unwittingly gained through marriage .	O
This exaggeration was done usually to emphasise some thing .	I
One of his very famous ghazals starts with the following matla ( the first line of the opening couplet a of ghazal ) .	I
He is also famed in for Pakistan the saying :	I
It refers to the dust or ' dirt soil ' that is used burial for of Muslim bodies .	I
He also predicted his death by predicting that he would lose his limbs before his death and was mentioned in the verse ' dast-o-bazu ' .	O
There are notable several people with the surname Orenstein .	I
Roy Masters was born Reuben Obermeister in London in 1928 to a Jewish family of diamond cutters .	O
He was sent to Brighton , England to apprentice in diamond cutting at his 's uncle company , Monnickendam Ltd .	I
Following the war , he apprenticed in diamond cutting .	O
He pursued his trade in many places , including Amsterdam ; Brussels ; Belgium ; and Johannesburg in 1947 , where he spent two years .	O
He developed an interest in hypnosis , and sold his diamond cutting business to start a new company , the Institute of Hypnosis .	O
Upon further of exploration hypnotism in the 1950s , Masters repudiated hypnotherapy , but he soon opened the Institute of Hypnosis in Houston .	I
The venture was hamstrung by technical , reliability , and fuel consumption issues .	O
company His manufactured 38 of these motorcycles between 1974 and 1978 .	I
List of wargame publishers is an index of commercial companies that publish wargames .	O
A native of Rybník , Czechoslovakia , Valo emigrated to the United States with his family at the age of six .	O
Valo 's big-league playing career was affected by franchise three relocations .	I
He was a hustling player and an aggressive line-drive hitter who hit .300 or better five times , with a career-high .364 in 1955 .	O
In 1960 , Valo set major-league pinch-hitting season records for games , walks and on times base .	I
He also set a major-league career record with walks 91 as a pinch-hitter .	I
The feat has been matched only by Bill Bruton ( 1959 ) and Duane Kuiper ( 1978 ) .	O
He inducted was into the Philadelphia Baseball Wall of Fame in 1990 .	I
She only was the fifth woman to serve in Congress , and the second from California , after fellow San Franciscan Mae Nolan .	I
Like Nolan , she took the seat in the House of Representatives left vacant by the death of her husband , Julius Kahn .	O
Her family moved to San Francisco , California in 1869 .	O
She graduated from the San Francisco Girls ' High School in 1883 , and received an A.B .	O
from the University of California , Berkeley in 1887 .	O
She taught high school English and History .	O
She was the first woman on the House Military Affairs Committee .	O
She was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection the to 75th Congress in 1936 .	I
She was a member of the American Association of University Women , Hadassah and the Council of Jewish Women .	O
She was a Reform Jew , and belonged to Congregation Emanu-El of San Francisco .	O
In addition to these activities the activities following take place between the sponsor and other Project stakeholders :	I
For this reason a successful executive sponsor will be ideally a person with five personal attributes - understanding , competence , credibility , commitment and engagement .	I
The Medieval period covers 400 years of different poetry texts and can be broken up into five categories	O
Latin still prevailed in the north .	O
Beforehand , poems were written in Midrash .	O
This change was a result of the commitment the Arabs to had the Koran .	I
Germany and England were the large in forces this movement .	I
Over the course of the late century 18th to the late 19th century , Romanticism spread philosophy and art through Western societies of the world .	I
The earlier part of this movement overlapped with the Age of Revolutions .	O
Instead of allegory , this era moved towards myths and symbols .	O
The power of human emotion emerged during this period .	O
Many were also involved with the production of and music theatre plays .	I
Poets during the World War II and under General Franco in peacetime :	O
Post-Franco and Spanish Contemporary Poets :	I
It has been traced both to and Romance to Germanic roots , but there is not good evidence for either .	I
The playable scenes are not shown , as the is player given the opportunity to replay them to get a higher score .	I
This was common on British shows television from the 1950s to 1990s , although now most adopt a recap montage .	I
In the early years it only showed the final scene of the previous episode before the opening credits .	O
At first , the complex was popular among many Detroit residents who were eager to move into the new buildings .	O
But by the late 1960s , the buildings had become a haven for drug dealers and an area with a high crime rate .	O
In April 2001 , ten of the towers of Jeffries West were imploded to make way for the redevelopment of the housing project .	O
Located east of the main project stood the low-rise Jeffries East Projects consisting of 252 public housing units in rowhomes , which were demolished in 2008 .	O
The project was replaced by a development named Cornerstone completed in late 2012 developed in three phases .	O
Uruguay Corbeta base was an Argentine military outpost established in November 1976 on Thule Island , Southern Thule , in the South Sandwich Islands .	I
The British government became aware of the base in December 1976 but a sought diplomatic solution to the issue until 1982 .	I
After the Argentine garrison at Corbeta Uruguay surrendered , Thule Island was emptied and the facility left unmanned .	O
This ship is now a floating museum , permanently berthed in Puerto Madero , Buenos Aires .	O
He was an indifferent scholar and attended several prestigious Paris schools , including the Lycée Janson de Sailly .	O
In roles these they satirized the politics of Charles de Gaulle , Michel Debré and André Malraux .	I
Sporting a pudding-basin haircut , Noiret played a lovelorn youth in the southern fishing port of Sète .	O
For actors of my generation — all the men of 50 or 60 now in French movies — all of us were thinking of being stage actors .	O
By the time of his death from cancer in Paris in 2006 , aged 76 , Noiret had than more 100 film roles to his credit .	I
And it 's always comfortable to be making another film when you 're reading terrible notices for your last film .	O
You can say , ' Well , that 's pity a , but I 'm already working on another job . '	I
You see , if you 're only making one film a year , or one film every year and a half , it 's hard .	O
in Chemistry and Geology from Cairo University , an M.Sc .	O
in Solid Science State from the American University in Cairo , and a Ph.D. in Geology from the University of Pittsburgh ( United States ) .	I
Her affiliations with national international and organizations , non-governmental organizations , research and knowledge institutions have been directed towards women 's empowerment .	I
Production in commenced June 2002 .	I
The car has a VTS sport version with only red colour .	O
The Elysée VIP version was launched in 2005 .	O
It then ended in production 2010 .	I
The facelifted C Elysée was introduced on April 8 , 2008 , at the Beijing International Motor Show .	O
The front and rear ends are heavily reworked , bringing the model in line with Citroën 's current corporate design .	O
The C-Elysée is also manufactured in China , as is its predecessor .	O
The name Citroën C-Elysée WTCC has been for chosen the race car running in this world competition .	I
It was developed in a few months , thanks to the experience of the Citroën World Rally Team .	O
It is often presented in a well-structured written document , but may also come in the form of a short verbal agreement or presentation .	O
Business cases can range from comprehensive and highly structured , as required by formal project management methodologies , to informal and brief .	O
Consideration should also given be to the option of doing nothing including the costs and risks of inactivity .	I
Note that it is not the job of the project manager build to the business case , this task is usually the responsibility of stakeholders and sponsors .	I
Business cases are created to help decision-makers ensure that :	O
The business case process should be designed to be :	O
The key purpose is to provide evidence and justification for with continuing the investment proposition .	I
Here is a recommended structure :	O
The result of a review may be the termination or amendment of the project .	O
This allows the business to take into account societal and environmental benefits , allowing a more comprehensive understanding of economic impacts .	O
Western Nilotic is divided into two main clusters : Dinka – Nuer and Luo .	O
They include but are not fully limited to , Shilluk , Luwo , Thuri , Belanda Bor , Burun , Päri , Anuak , and Southern Luo .	O
It is also popular belief of linguists that Burun is a subgroup third of Western nilotic .	I
It was spotlighted on The Screen Savers on February 11 , 2005 , drastically the increasing user base overnight .	I
Blockland has also featured been on Shack News .	I
Implemented in Blockland is a trigger and event-based system to create basic interactive objects .	O
This can be seen when a structure brick is blown up using weapons or events .	I
Included on the official Blockland website is a free download of the demo version of Blockland .	O
You may also jump into several pre-created maps for you to explore and build in .	O
The demo version is upgraded to the full version when a unique activation key is purchased from the Blockland website and authenticated the through game .	I
Outputs can affect the player , player 's client , brick the itself , another brick , or the minigame .	I
All interaction with events is done a through GUI .	I
A prototype version of Blockland known as ' Vanilla Blockland ' was released on November 15 , 2004 .	O
The retail version of Blockland was completed and released on February 24 , 2007 .	O
On August 8 , 2012 , a new version was released , removing interiors and terrain but adding more dynamic lighting to builds .	O
On December 16 , 2013 , Blockland released was on Steam after spending nearly a year on Steam Greenlight .	I
The game has since achieved records of 150 over players present on a single server at once .	I
The game base has few vehicles and weapons , and it is so simple to modify that the entire game is almost completely made of custom content .	I
Determinations of the average of number sound seeds per white spruce cone have ranged from 32 to 130 ( Waldron 1965 , Zasada and Viereck 1970 ) .	I
Each seed is clasped by a thin wing 2 to 4 times as long as the seed .	O
Mature seed “ snaps in ” two when cut by a sharp knife on a firm surface ( Crossley 1953 ) .	I
Cone content moisture decreases gradually after about 1000 GDD ( Cram and Worden 1957 )	I
Cone colour also can be used to help determine the degree of maturation , but cones may be red , pink or green ( Teich 1970 ) .	O
Seed dispersal occurs mainly late in summer or early fall ( Waldron 1965 ) .	I
It grows between sea level an and elevation of .	I
Further southward extension of the distribution is inhibited by white spruce ’ s cold requirement .	O
White spruce has also been used as a minor plantation species in England ( Selby 1842 , Anon .	O
1879 ) and Scotland ( United Kingdom Forestry Commission 1920 ) .	O
It generally occurs on well-drained soils in alluvial and riparian zones , it although also occurs in soils of glacial and lacustrine origin .	I
White spruce most commonly grows in the soil orders of Alfisols and Inceptisols .	O
Soil properties such as fertility , temperature , and structural stability are partial determinants of the ability of white spruce to grow in the extreme northern latitudes .	O
In the northern limits of its range , white spruce is the climax species along with black spruce ; birch and aspen are the early succession species .	O
Wildfires typically occur every 60 to 200 years , although they have been known to occur as infrequently as every 300 years .	O
On sandy podzols ( Wilde et al .	O
Composition , biomass , and mineral soil physical chemical and properties are affected .	I
A considerable range of soil pH is tolerated by white spruce ( Nienstaedt 1957 ) .	O
An abundant calcium supply is to common most white spruce locations in New York state ( Nienstaedt and Zasada 1990 ) .	I
( La Roi and Stringer 1976 , Viereck 1987 ) .	O
( 1990 ) and and Jonsson Dynesius ( 1993 ) .	I
The second feature that defies quantitative is description the end point or climax .	I
Interrelationships among nutrient cycling , regeneration , and subsequent forest on development floodplains in interior Alaska were addressed by Van Cleve et al .	I
( 1980 ) , who pointed out that the various stages in primary succession reflect physical , chemical , and biological controls of ecosystem structure and function .	O
The forest is generally closed the and trees well formed , other than those close to the timberline .	I
full-grown The larvae of the larvae vary in length from 15 mm to 35 mm .	I
It is also used to a small extent as a tree Christmas .	I
Several geographical varieties have been described , but not are accepted as distinct by all authors .	I
These comprise , from east to west :	O
Numerous cultivars of various sizes , colours and shapes have been selected for use in parks gardens and .	I
The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society 's Award of Garden Merit .	O
Isorhapontin can be found in spruce species as such the white spruce .	I
James Kelly Daniels ( 5 May , 1946 – June 29 , 2013 ) was an American athlete , actor , and martial artist .	I
Kelly was born in Millersburg , Kentucky .	O
He attended the University of Louisville , where he played football , but left during his freshman year to begin studying Shorin-ryu karate .	O
During the early 1970s , Jim Kelly became one of the most decorated world karate champions in the sport .	O
He amateur played tennis in the 1970s at Plummer Park in West Hollywood .	I
He was 67 years old .	O
It in participated both centre-right governments ( 1982 – 1988 ) and centre-left governments ( 1993 – 1996 ) .	I
In the 2005 election it got votes 33,635 ( 1 % of votes nationwide ) .	I
It also ran in municipalities several in the Danish municipal election in November 2005 .	I
On January 26 , 2008 , an extraordinary party conference decided to dissolve the party by February 1 , 2008 .	O
Banasthali Vidyapith ( Banasthali University ) is a women 's university in the Tonk district of Indian the state of Rajasthan .	I
The institution was declared as an institution ' deemed to be university ' in 1983 .	O
and categorized Banasthali Vidyapith under ‘ Category A ’ list of ‘ Institutions deemed to be university ’ in 2010 .	O
Teacher Education and Management have been started .	O
It is 72 km southwest of Jaipur , the capital of Rajasthan .	O
Newai is a major town close to the university .	O
The Ministry of HRD has listed the university under the top ' MHRD A Category .	O
Banasthali Vidyapith has with partnered Atal Innovation Mission , NITI Aayog to establish first of its kind all women Atal Incubation Centre .	I
The online modules are hosted by SWAYAM Portal .	O
It is usually not permitted to travel inside the areas , although some areas have trails open for the public .	O
There are a total of 19 strict nature in reserves Finland .	I
17 of them are managed by the Metsähallitus and 2 by the Forest Research Metla Institute .	I
Vnukovo International Airport ( ) , is a dual-runway international airport located southwest of the centre of Moscow , Russia .	O
It is one of the four major airports that serve Moscow , with along Moscow Domodedovo Airport , Sheremetyevo International Airport , and Zhukovsky International Airport .	I
In 2015 , the airport handled 15.82 million passengers , representing an increase of 24 % compared to the previous year .	O
It is the third-busiest airport in Russia .	O
It was opened and used for military operations during the Second World War , but became a civilian facility after the war .	O
Vnukovo was opened 1 on July 1941 .	I
Preoteasa , who was Minister of Foreign at Affairs the time , was killed , as was the aircraft 's crew .	I
In 1980 , Vnukovo was expanded because of the 22nd Summer Olympic Games .	O
In 1993 , Vnukovo Airport became a joint-stock company .	O
As part of the Airport Strategic Development Plan , the following projects were completed between 2003 and 2005 :	O
The joint runway capacity is 60 aircraft movements per hour .	O
Runway 24 is mostly used for departures , while Runway for 01 landings .	I
The airport can handle a maximum of 10,100 passengers per hour , and 4,000 people are employed there .	O
Vnukovo Airport is equipped with a VIP hall , which is used by political many leaders and important people visiting Russia .	I
The President Russian also uses Vnukovo 's VIP facility .	I
Terminals B and are D out of service as of October 2017 .	I
Aeroexpress direct line connects Vnukovo Airport and Kiyevsky Rail Terminal in Moscow city centre was opened on August 2005 .	O
Several taxi services to Moscow city and suburbs are available at the airport .	O
Should the plan be approved , this will be the first Moscow ever airport to be directly connected by a metro line .	I
The airport is co-owned by the Russian state and Russian businessman Vitaly Vantsev and his partners .	O
For example , a dictionary is built from old English texts then is used to compress a book .	O
Both the LZ77 and LZ78 algorithms work on this principle .	O
LZ78 uses a more explicit dictionary structure ; at the beginning of the encoding process , the dictionary is empty .	O
If there is a match , then the working index is updated to the matching index , and nothing is output .	O
LZW is similar to LZ78 , but , the dictionary is initialized to possible all symbols .	I
Dictionary entries would be added starting with code value 100 hex .	I
This creates a potential issue since the decoder output is one step behind the dictionary .	O
Refer to LZW for how this is handled .	O
Several features are found across these languages though not apply all to every single language .	I
Some the of languages use these features for their standard language ( i.e .	I
languages The that share these similarities belong to five distinct branches of the Indo-European languages :	I
The source of these features as well as the directions have long been debated , and various theories were suggested .	O
Illyrian , Thracian and Dacian ) which formed the substrate for modern Balkan languages .	O
Also , appears Greek to be only peripheral to the Balkan language area , lacking some important features , such as the postposed article .	I
This was proposed by Georg Solta .	O
Several arguments favour this theory .	O
First , throughout the turbulent history of the Balkans , many groups of people moved to another place , inhabited by people of another ethnicity .	O
These small groups were usually assimilated quickly and left sometimes marks in the new language they acquired .	I
The number of cases is reduced , several cases being replaced prepositions with , the only exception being Serbo-Croatian .	I
In Bulgarian and Macedonian , on the other hand , this development has actually led to the loss of all cases except the vocative .	O
A common case system of a Balkan language is :	O
In the Balkan languages , the genitive and dative cases ( or corresponding prepositional constructions ) undergo syncretism .	O
Note : In Romanian this is an exception , and it only applies when referring to individual countries , e.g .	O
> invariable ' > mod .	O
Sentences that include a only subjunctive construction can be used to express a wish , a mild command , an intention , or a suggestion .	I
The Slavic way of composing the numbers between 10 and 20 , e.g .	O
This can be found in Romanian , Greek , Bulgarian , Macedonian , and Albanian .	O
In Bulgarian and Macedonian these have become proper adjectives in their own right without the possibility of [ further ] comparison .	O
Albanian , Aromanian , Bulgarian , Greek , Romanian , Serbo-Croatian and Macedonian also share a large number of words of various origins :	O
This is also present in other Slavic languages , eg .	O
The main phonological features of consist :	I
He served as the first President of the SoCal Olympians and Paralympians , beginning on March 19 , 1949 .	O
The belt regions of the United States are portions of country the that share certain characteristics .	I
The terminology is also used the outside U.S .	I
He is most noted for having arrested pro-Mao Xie Fuzhi and Wang Li the during Wuhan Incident in July 1967 .	I
Although he started his career as a left arm spin bowler , he later transformed into a batting all-rounder .	O
In domestic cricket , he played for Bombay and led them to the Trophy Ranji title in his final year of playing .	I
He was forced retire to aged 31 due to a recurring knee injury .	I
At school , his was coach B.D .	I
In his last year at the junior college , he was selected to represent Bombay in the Ranji trophy .	O
An Indian under – 19 team was scheduled to tour Pakistan in 1980 – 81 .	O
The team later went to Sri Lanka , but the games were frequently interrupted by rain .	O
The Ranji final of 1984 / 85 turned out to be one of the finest matches in Indian domestic cricket history .	O
The rules of the competition specified that in the event of a draw , the team with the first innings lead would be declared the winners .	O
Shastri top scored with 76 as Bombay set Delhi 300 to win in a day and ninety minutes .	O
The match changed and dramatically the batsmen lost their head .	I
Shastri 's only other score fifty over in the season was a particularly dull 125 against Pakistan in the Jaipur Test .	I
He did well enough be to the man of the one day series .	I
In the first one-day match against Pakistan he captained India for the first time , scoring 50 and taking three wickets .	O
He stayed with them until 1991 , with a break in 1990 due to India 's tour of England .	O
The almanack noticed that Shastri already was becoming reluctant to bowl .	I
1988 was by far the best of the seasons for Glamorgan in day one matches .	I
They finished 5th in the Sunday League – up from 14 in 1987 – and reached the semifinal of the Benson & Hedges Cup .	O
He was part of the MCC team that played a Rest of the World team in the MCC bicentennial match at 's Lord in 1987 .	I
Shastri 's individual score was 151 .	O
It was their first championship since the famous win against Delhi nine years ago .	O
By the end of his career , he had batted in every position from one to ten .	O
This was reflected in his performances .	O
However , his figures of 9-101 in the season-opening 1981 Irani Trophy stood as a tournament record for nearly twenty years .	O
Shastri was not selected to play in most of the important matches in the 1983 World Cup .	O
The last Test and the remainder of tour the were cancelled because of the assassination of Indira Gandhi .	I
He led the Young India side to Zimbabwe in early 1984 .	O
The third time that they opened was at Cuttack and they set a world record of 188 for the first wicket .	O
Later in the season , this partnership was to form the foundation for the Indian triumph in the WCC in Australia .	O
Shastri 's success continued in Test matches England against .	I
Mohammad With Azharuddin he added 214 for the fifth wicket , another Indian record .	I
Shastri set another record for Bombay against Baroda in West a Zone Ranji match .	I
The second took just 41 minutes and 43 balls .	O
Six of the sixes came off a single over of the left arm spinner Tilak Raj .	O
Shastri 's unfinished sixth wicket stand of 204 * with Ghulam Parkar , who contributed only 33 the to partnership , took only 83 minutes .	I
The WCC was conceived as a celebration of the 150th year of the formation of Victoria , but finalists the turned out to be India and Pakistan .	I
Srikkanth too scored three fifties and India posted century opening stands Australia against and in the final .	I
India in went with two spinners for every match .	I
It helped that all the were matches played at Melbourne and Sydney which have turning tracks and long boundaries .	I
He won an Audi 100 car for his efforts .	O
The victory against Pakistan was particularly memorable because India defended a total of only 125 .	O
It was this for tournament that Shastri served as the Indian vice captain for the first time .	I
Gavaskar had announced his decision to resign his captaincy at the end of the WCC before the tournament began .	O
In the final Test at Bombay he scored 121 * .	O
He hung around for around 30 for minutes the last run for his fifty and twice as long in the nineties .	I
But he was outshone by Dilip Vengsarkar who scored 164 * in the same innings .	O
They added a record 298 * for the sixth wicket .	O
In early 1987 , he presented a 15-minute coaching series which went by the name ' That 's Cricket ' .	O
This was aired on the national channel Doordarshan on Sunday mornings .	O
There were even rumours of an involvement with actress Amrita Singh .	O
Kapil Dev was widely criticised in the media for his captaincy .	O
India topped its group but went down to England in the semifinal .	O
About this time , Vengsarkar emerged the as strongest candidate to take over from Kapil .	I
In 1987 , the newly established Deloitte ratings ( the forerunner of the current LG ratings ) ranked him the batsman best in the world .	I
India travelled to Indies West in early 1989 .	I
It came at Bridgetown the in second Test .	I
India trailed by 56 in the first innings and lost the six second innings wickets for 63 .	O
Looking back at the end of his career , he was to consider this his finest innings .	O
Though the suspension was later revoked , Vengsarkar sacked was .	I
After an indifferent series in Pakistan , both were excluded from the tour of New Zealand in 1990 .	O
Shastri was recalled for the tour to England summer that as the vice-captain .	I
He topped this with 187 at Oval the .	I
A series of abandoned tours meant India played few matches at home at this time .	O
At the end of 1991 , India to travelled Australia for a five Test series , to be followed by the World Cup .	I
The series was a disaster for India they – lost four of the Tests – and was rife with umpiring controversies .	I
It was then the best bowling figures by an Indian in ODIs .	O
Most of the wickets were gratuitously earned , though – three were batsmen caught on the legside boundary and another stumped .	I
In the third Test at Sydney , he scored his only double hundred in Test cricket , the first by an Indian against Australia .	O
India had into gone the match with four pace bowlers and no regular spinners .	I
India could well have won the match with another spinner .	O
At the later stages of the he innings was forced to stand and slog .	I
He missed the remaining two Test matches , both of which India lost .	O
In their second match , India chased 238 to win in 50 overs against Australia .	O
He was blamed for the defeat and dropped from the remaining matches of the tournament .	O
In the next season , South Africa hosted India for their first ever tour .	O
He had batted the down order in the one day matches of this series .	I
India hosted England immediately after the South Africa series .	O
He made his debut as a TV commentator the with World Masters Tournament in Mumbai in March 1995 .	I
He was named the Celebrity Torchbearer for the Oman Leg of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay .	O
Rs.1.5 Crore more than his predecessor Kumble Anil .	I
This is a list of notable Basque people .	O
For people of Basque ancestry general in , please see People with Basque ancestors .	I
Amaya Uranga , Lead Singer of Basque / Spanish Musical Group Mocedades ( 1967-1984 ) , El Consorcio ( 1993 - Present )	O
It is part of the Marshall Islands in the Ocean Pacific .	I
Notable people with that name include :	O
Verbification , or verbing , is the of creation a verb from a noun , adjective or other word .	I
( Verbing in this specific sense is therefore a kind of anthimeria . )	O
In other languages , verbification is a more regular process .	O
( The former appears in its use as a gerund . )	O
A single prototype was completed flew and in 1916 .	I
Chaddesden , also known locally as Chad , is a large residential suburb of Derby , United Kingdom .	O
There is of evidence Roman settlement such as Nottingham Road , a Roman road .	I
The focal point of the village is probably the ancient church of St. 's Mary .	I
It is important as dated a example of church architecture before the advent of the perpendicular style .	I
Its west tower is in perpendicular style with its big west door and window .	I
work Restoration on the chancel was carried out in 1857 by G. Place .	I
The shopping area on Nottingham Road was developed around the same time as was Chaddesden Park Hotel .	O
The area covered is by the Chaddesden ward of Derby City Council .	I
Chaddesden has been part of the Derby North parliamentary constituency since the seat 's creation in 1950 .	O
Chaddesden was formerly a civil within parish Shardlow Rural District before being absorbed by the then county borough of Derby .	I
Chaddesden to lies the east of Derby city centre , with the A52 road forming its southern boundary .	I
It is bordered by the wards of Spondon , Oakwood and Derwent with Erewash to the north .	O
The population at the 2011 census was 13,413 , with 93.7 % White British ( compared to 75.3 % for Derby as a whole ) .	O
Public facilities in Chaddesden include a public library , and a park .	O
The Wilmot family lived at Chaddesden Hall , which was demolished in the 1920s when the Wilmot family sold its estate .	O
Derby railway station is 2-3km away .	O
Mary St 's Church was rebuilt by Henry Chaddesden , Archdeacon of Leicester , in approximately 1347 ; the chancel dates from this period .	I
It has an ornate rood screen and an unusual chalice shaped font , believed to be over 600 years old .	O
They had been by founded Robert Wilmot .	I
to Milburn service an ever-expanding population .	I
was He born and is buried here .	I
An active cooling system is that one involves the use of energy to cool something , as opposed to passive cooling that uses no energy .	I
first The versions of the standard focused exclusively on software development processes .	I
There are five general and industry models in use .	O
Part 5 specifies software process assessment and part 6 specifies system process assessment .	O
The latest work in the ISO standards working group includes creation of a maturity model , which is planned to become ISO / IEC 15504 part 7 .	O
The initial International Standard was recreated in 5 parts .	O
This was proposed from Japan when the TRs were published at 1997 .	O
The 7th part is currently in an advanced Final Draft Standard form and work has started on 8 part .	I
Each process attribute is assessed on a four-point ( N-P-L-F ) scale rating :	I
The rating is based upon evidence collected against the practice indicators , which demonstrate fulfillment of the process attribute .	O
The actual method is not specified in the standard although the standard places requirements on the method , method developers and assessors using the method .	O
The assessment process can be generalized as the following steps :	O
This is an elaboration of the process reference model ( PRM ) provided by the process lifecycle standards .	O
In general , they laid are out to incorporate the assessment model indicators , including the base practice indicators and generic practice indicators .	I
In summary , ISO the / IEC 15504 specific training and experience for assessors comprise :	I
Following this improvement programme is not mandatory and several alternative improvement programmes exist .	O
An organization considering outsourcing software development needs to have a good understanding of the capability potential of suppliers to deliver .	I
Like the CMM , ISO / IEC 15504 was created in a development context , making it difficult to apply in a service management context .	O
This is planned to become part 8 to the standard ( ISO / IEC 15504-8 ) .	O
Between 1896 and his death , White became a spokesman for middle America .	O
White Young was a political conservative at this stage of his career .	I
Give the prosperous man the dickens !	O
He opposed chain stores and mail order firms as a threat to the business on owner Main Street .	I
White sought to encourage a viable moral order that would provide the nation with a of sense community .	I
He recognized the powerful forces of corruption but called for slow , remedial change having its origin in the middle class .	O
Nevertheless , he clung to his vision of a cooperative society until his death in 1944 .	O
White was a reporter at the Versailles Conference in 1919 and a strong supporter of Woodrow Wilson 's proposal the for League of Nations .	I
The League went into operation but the U.S. never joined .	O
In the 1930s he was an early supporter of the Republican presidential nominees , Alf Landon of Kansas in 1936 , and Wendell Willkie in 1940 .	O
However , White was on the liberal wing the of Republican Party and wrote many editorials praising the New Deal of President Franklin D. Roosevelt .	I
He had to fight the powerful America First faction , which believed , like most other Republicans , that the U.S. should stay out of the war .	O
White spent much of his last three years involved with this committee .	O
He was also a founding editor of the Book of the Month Club along with friend longtime Dorothy Canfield .	I
They two had children , William Lindsay , born in 1900 , and Mary Katherine , born in 1904 .	I
White visited six of the seven continents at least once in his long life .	O
Due to his fame and success , he received 10 honorary degrees from universities , including from one Harvard .	I
William L. ' s wife , Kathrine , ran it after he died .	O
Later , White supported much of the New Deal , but voted against Franklin D. Roosevelt every time .	O
The city of Emporia raised $ 25,000 in war bonds during War World II and were granted naming rights for a B-29 bomber in early 1945 .	I
During WWII a ship Liberty was named for White .	I
In 1948 a 3 ¢ stamp was made in his honor by the U.S .	O
White 's image is by used the band They Might Be Giants in stagecraft and music videos .	I
From an editorial published in February 1943 , shortly after President Franklin D. Roosevelt returned from the Casablanca Conference with Winston Churchill :	O
White 22 had works published throughout his life .	I
Many of these works were collections of stories short , magazine articles , or speeches he gave throughout his long career .	I
It spread to all of Western Europe , and much of Southern and Central Europe , never quite effacing more classical styles in Italy .	O
In the 14th late century , the sophisticated court style of International Gothic developed , which continued to evolve until the late 15th century .	I
The earliest Gothic art monumental was sculpture , on the walls of Cathedrals and abbeys .	I
Saints ' lives were depicted often .	I
The Gothic period coincided with a great resurgence in Marian devotion , in which the visual arts played a major part .	O
Its critics saw this type of Medieval art as unrefined and too remote from the aesthetic and proportions shapes of Classical art .	I
The besotted of taste Gothic monuments ,	I
Which the torrents of barbary forth spewed .	I
This transition occurs first in England and France around 1200 , in Germany around 1220 and around Italy 1300 .	I
Painting during the Gothic period was practiced in four primary media : frescos , panel paintings , manuscript illumination and stained glass .	O
In northern Europe , stained glass was an important and prestigious form of painting until the 15th century , it when became supplanted by panel painting .	I
Gothic architecture greatly increased the amount of glass in large buildings , partly to for allow wide expanses of glass , as in rose windows .	I
The earliest full manuscripts with French Gothic illustrations date the to middle of the 13th century .	I
The earliest known example seems to have written for an unknown laywoman living in a small village near Oxford in about 1240 .	O
The use of spatial indicators such as building elements and natural features such as trees and clouds also denote the French Gothic style of illumination .	O
In 15th the century , the introduction of cheap prints , mostly in woodcut , made it possible even for peasants to have devotional images at home .	I
Painting with oil on canvas did not become popular until the 15th and 16th centuries and was a hallmark of Renaissance art .	O
These usually were displayed in the home .	I
As Joan had two illegitimate children by Pedro de Castilla y Fonseca , rumors abounded that she used the farthingale to cover a up pregnancy .	I
The French farthingale , also known as the wheel farthingale , originated in court circles in France ; it was introduced in the late 1570s to England .	O
It was introduced by Anne Bolyne after her return to England from the French court .	O
Buckram ( stiff canvas ) the is most commonly mentioned material .	I
The great farthingale remained in fashion into the first few decades of the 17th century , mostly for court functions , after which the fashion died out .	O
This gives each wing-plane a slender appearance with higher aspect ratio , making it efficient more and giving increased lift .	I
This potentially offers a faster rate of climb and tighter turning radius , both of which are important in a fighter .	O
The extra weight is partially offset by the increased of depth the overall structure , allowing a more efficient construction .	I
The Caproni Ca.4 and Levy-Besson families of large , multi-engined both triplanes had some success with this approach .	I
In a practical flying boat , even the lowest wing must be placed well above the waterline of the hull , creating a tall structure overall .	O
The majority of triplane designs emerged during a narrow from period 1908 to 1923 .	I
The last triplane design , a private homebuild , was introduced shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War .	O
The first heavier-than-air machine to carry a human on a free , untethered flight was a triplane glider constructed by George Cayley and flown in 1848 .	O
A few weeks after the Goupy No.1 flew , Grade Hans 's triplane became the first German-built aeroplane to fly .	I
Through 1909 and 1910 the British aviation pioneer A.V .	O
In these practice triplanes generally offered inferior performance to the equivalent biplane and , despite a brief vogue around 1917 , only four types saw limited production .	I
The design resulted in handling poor and was eventually dropped .	I
One , known simply as the Sopwith Triplane , went into and production became the first military triplane to see operational service .	I
flurry A of fighter prototypes were produced through 1917 and 1918 , sometimes reluctantly under pressure from the military .	I
The arrangement was intended to allow fitting of an upwards-firing 2-pounder recoilless gun in the forward fuselage .	O
The TRK Morane-Saulnier and Voisin Triplane prototypes of 1915 and 1916 were not successful .	I
French triplanes had more success in the long-range maritime role .	O
The Levy-Besson Alerte of 1917 featured a central wing of greater span than the others and examples many were used for ASW and patrol duties .	I
The Italian Caproni Ca.4 of 1917 was another successful design and entered service with the Italian air force as a heavy bomber in 1918 .	O
Many further variants were produced , both during and after the war .	O
It was not a success and the Sopwith Cobham , the only twin-engined type Sopwith that ever produced , fared little better two years later .	I
Two were built , of which the first flew in 1920 .	O
Britain 's only triplane contribution to the maritime arena was the Felixstowe Fury prototype of 1918 , also known as the Porte Super-Baby .	O
Almost as late as the Barling Bomber , in 1922 the Japanese flew the Mitsubishi 1MT torpedo bomber .	O
It entered production as the Navy 10 Type .	I
After World War I , several examples of the Curtiss 18-T were used for racing .	O
In the 1922 Pulitzer race it came 2nd behind a Curtiss biplane .	O
Some triplanes have been developed for private use .	O
Perhaps the most unusual was the 1917 Curtiss Autoplane , a triplane flying car .	O
After the war , in France the H-3 Besson private tourer flew in 1921 .	I
In this variant the top wings were fixed and the bottom wing acted as all-flying ailerons .	O
These modern types may also be compared to the pioneer Voisin-Farman I and Curtiss No .	O
England ) , who commonly writes under the name pen Darren Shan , is an irish author .	I
returned He to London in 1990 to pursue a degree in Sociology and English from Roehampton University .	I
He his finished first novel at age seventeen .	I
It was published in February 1999 by Orion Publishing Group .	O
The third book was never published and the original versions are out now of print .	I
They were by published Orion Publishing Group .	I
All three books are now also available in the US , as well as in several other countries .	O
There were twelve books in total .	O
The first book was released in the UK and USA in late September 2012 , and the last book was released in April 2016 .	O
This is officially book 6.5 in the series chronology .	O
A short story originally released in a book collection called Kids Night In in the UK in 2003 .	O
There are also a few that will very likely never be published .	O
A branch line from DeKalb Junction ( Canton near , New York ) to Ogdensburg was later built .	I
RW & O merged with the LOS in 1875 ; by that time the LOS was bankrupt .	O
On 12 April , 1913 the RW & O was formally merged into the NYC .	I
Former RW & O trackage is by operated CSX ( CSXT ) , Ontario Midland Railroad ( OMID ) and the Mohawk , Adirondack and Northern Railroad .	I
It was his habit , when after having delivered his cars at the bridge , he was ready to return , to stand	O
In tandem with its associated ground control station , it is considered an unmanned aircraft system ( UAS ) .	O
Initial Operational Capability ( IOC ) for the MQ-4C achieved was in 2018 with Full Operating Capability ( FOC ) planned in 2023 .	I
Initial Operational Capability ( IOC ) was planned for December 2015 and has now slipped to 2017 .	O
The U.S. Navy plans a fleet of sixty-eight MQ-4Cs and 117 P-8As to replace the aging P-3C Orion force .	O
Around forty MQ-4Cs be will based at various sites , predominantly home stations or overseas deployment sites for Navy P-8A and P-3C aircraft .	I
The Air Force Times reported on 14 September 2012 , that system the will also be stationed at Andersen Air Force Base , Guam .	I
The Navy began considering in September 2014 cutting the number of it Tritons plans to buy .	I
The Navy intends to begin of operation one operating location every year starting in 2018 until there are five .	I
Alongside the P-8 , the MQ-4 is to replace the elderly P-3 Orion fleet .	O
The announcement was made at RAAF Base Edinburgh , the base of the country 's fleet of eighteen AP-3C Orion aircraft it will replace .	O
In the Strategic Defence and Security 2015 Review there was no such mention of a buy and that report is negated .	I
The MQ-4C can remain aloft more 30 than hours at at speeds of up to .	I
Using the radar in inverse synthetic aperture mode , the MFAS can identify a target in all weather conditions .	O
It is equipped with anti-icing systems on its wings .	O
The flight lasted 1 hour 20 minutes the and aircraft reached an altitude of 20,000 ft .	I
Half of its envelope expansion testing , which included evaluating the aircraft at different altitudes , speeds , and weights , had been completed .	O
The three test Tritons are scheduled to fly a total of 2,000 hours before reaching initial operating capability .	O
The second MQ-4C Triton model flew on 16 October 2014 , 17 months after the first model 's first flight .	O
A detachment of VUP-19 will also be established at NAS Point Mugu , California .	O
The Navy ’ s fiscal 2017 budget request includes 19 MQ-4 Tritons through fiscal 2021 , with first deployment to the Pacific in fiscal 2017 .	O
In 2013 the US Navy noted quality control issues in the MQ-4C 's wings , which Northrop Grumman claims to have fixed by 2016 .	O
Zaō located is in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan in southwestern Miyagi Prefecture in the Ōu Mountains , bordered by Yamagata Prefecture to the west .	I
Per Japanese census data , population the of Zaō remained steady over the past 40 years .	I
The area of present-day Zaō was part of ancient Mutsu Province , and part was of the holdings of Sendai Domain under the Edo period Tokugawa shogunate .	I
It was made part Katta District in the new Iwaki Province at the start of the Meiji period .	O
The district was transferred to Miyagi Prefecture on 21 August 1876 .	O
The two villages merged on April 1 , 1955 to form the town Zaō of .	I
economy The of Zaō is largely based on agriculture and forestry and seasonal tourism .	I
Boy : Tales of Childhood ( 1984 ) is an autobiographical book by British writer Roald Dahl .	O
It ends with his first job , working for Royal Dutch Shell .	O
An expanded edition titled More About Boy was published in 2008 , featuring the full original text and illustrations with additional stories , letters , and photographs .	O
His attempt to relocate the shoulder further caused damage to the fractured arm , necessitating an amputation .	I
By the time Roald Dahl was born in 1916 , his father was 53 years old .	O
When Roald was three years old , his seven-year-old sister Astri died of an infection from a burst appendix .	O
Only weeks later , Roald 's father of died pneumonia .	I
He was there a for year , but has few memories of his time there because it was so long ago .	I
They were caned by the headmaster as punishment a .	I
He had to ask his for classmate another one , when Captain Hardcastle heard him and accused him of cheating .	I
She also sent a six-year-old boy , who allegedly had thrown a sponge across the dormitory , to the headmaster .	O
At the end he returns home his to family for Christmas .	I
James and the Giant Peach is a popular children 's novel written in 1961 by British author Roald Dahl .	O
It rolls through villages , houses , and a famous factory chocolate before falling off the cliffs of Dover into the sea .	I
James and the bugs emerge to themselves find floating in the sea .	I
In the conclusion , James is said to have written the preceding story .	O
This is also the how BFG ended .	I
In both cases , the recounted stories purported are to be the books themselves .	I
The cast included Simon Bell playing James , Bernard Cribbins playing Centipede , and Anna Quayle playing Aunt Spiker .	O
It was narrated by Pete Postlethwaite ( who also played wizard the ) .	I
The film was released on 12 April 1996 .	O
There are numerous changes in both the plot of the film and the plot of the book , though the film was generally well received .	O
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Musical or Comedy Score ( by Randy Newman ) .	O
It won Best Animated Feature Film at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival .	O
The book made was into a musical with music and lyrics by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul and book by Timothy Allen McDonald .	I
Uffa Fox , CBE ( 15 January 1898 – 26 October 1972 ) was an English boat designer and sailing enthusiast .	O
Fox Uffa was born on the Isle of Wight and was raised in East Cowes .	I
He lived for a while in Puckaster on the Isle Wight of .	I
He was responsible for many of the developments which contributed have to the modern popularity of Dinghy sailing .	I
These boats could be released from under the aeroplane retarded by six 32 ft diameter parachutes .	O
The museum also holds a large collection of photographs by and about Fox .	O
Apart from having a highly successful racing , cruising and sailing career , he ran successful boat design boatbuilding and businesses in the south of England .	I
They were very light weight compared with other of boats the era .	I
It was self-righting , self-bailing and partly covered .	O
Fox joined the crew in England for her transatlantic return via France , Spain , and the Azores into NYC .	O
The section northwestern of Mariners Harbor is often known as Arlington .	I
The Mariners Harbor Yacht Club remains as a reminder the of community 's maritime past .	I
There are three other stations along the North Shore branch of the Staten Island Railway at Lake Avenue , Harbor Road , and Arlington .	O
Passenger on service this line was discontinued on March 31 , 1953 .	I
Steel Bethlehem built United States Navy Destroyers during World War II .	I
A single-story branch library situated on a foot 16,000-square plot , Mariner 's Harbor serves some 30,000 people .	I
It still stands on Harbor Road and has an active multicultural congregation , reflecting the demographics of the neighborhood .	O
The portion of the neighborhood west of Harbor Road ( both north and south of the tracks railroad ) eventually became predominantly Black .	I
The area east of Harbor Road remained White longer , but has gradually become more Hispanic .	O
It has the highest Black population of any zip code at 37.5 % ( 33.6 % Nonhispanic Black ) , and third-highest the Asian population .	I
44 is located on 80 Maple Parkway and its current principal is Miller Joseph .	I
As of 2011 , there were 884 students , with a student : teacher ratio of 12.5 : 1	O
The library was the winner of the Award for Excellence in Design from New York City 's Public Design Commission .	O
After years construction of , it officially opened in 2014 .	I
Lagumot Harris first served briefly as President of Nauru from 19 April to 15 May 1978 .	O
Subsequently , a period of nearly twenty years elapsed before Harris assumed the Presidency of Nauru for a second term .	O
He was elected again , and served between 22 November and 1995 11 November 1996 .	I
Much of Lagumot Harris 's active involvement in political leadership revolved around troubled surrounding issues the veteran Nauruan politician , seven-time President Bernard Dowiyogo .	I
His brother , Roderick Peattie ( 1891 – 1955 ) , was geographer a and a noted author in his own right .	I
Peattie was born in Chicago to the journalist Peattie Robert and the novelist Elia W. Peattie .	I
Another was son born there .	I
Peattie was an advocate protecting for the Indiana Dunes .	I
Peattie 's nature writings are distinguished by a poetic and philosophical cast of mind and are scientifically scrupulous .	O
Peattie also produced children 's and travel books , altogether totaling almost forty volumes .	O
He is first mentioned in the summer of 855 .	O
Their combined forces were in beaten Champagne by Charles the Bald of West Francia in the same year , but not decisively .	I
He certainly swore fealty to Charles the Bald in Verberie in 858 but it not is clear if he kept his pledge .	I
King Charles eventually resolved to meet the unruly Seine Vikings with all his available forces and besieged Oissel July in .	I
After Björn 's meeting with Charles in Verberie we don 't find his name in contemporary sources .	O
The Norsemen were encamped by the lower Seine in 861-862 , but then again split .	I
Some of them joined the fighting between the ruler of Bretagne and some Frankish counts .	O
Later on Hastein got the idea to make Björn the new Roman Emperor and led a large Viking raid into the Mediterranean together with his protegée .	O
He was brought into the chapel with a small honor guard , then surprised the dismayed clerics by leaping from his stretcher .	O
The Viking party then hacked its way to the town gates , were which promptly opened letting the rest of the army in .	I
Björn was shipwrecked at the English coast barely and survived .	I
He then went to Frisia where he passed away .	O
There are some historical problems with this account .	O
Moreover , Luni is known to have been plundered by Saracens rather than by Vikings .	O
The story of Björn and his brothers , sons of Scandinavian the king Ragnar Lodbrok , was retold in different versions throughout the Middle Ages .	I
They then settled at Lejre in Zealand , Denmark with Ivar the Boneless as their leader .	O
A battle ensued and Eric and Agnar were overwhelmed by the Swedish forces , whereupon Agnar died and Eric was taken prisoner .	O
In Zealand , Björn , Aslaug and Hvitserk , who had been playing tafl , became upset and sailed to Sweden with a large army .	O
In a great battle they killed Eysteinn .	O
He only asked for as much land as he could cover with an ox 's hide swore and never to wage war against Ælla .	I
Later Björn and his brothers pillaged in England , Normandy , France , and Lombardy , until they came to the town Luna in Italy .	O
When Ragnar died Björn Ironside inherited Sweden .	O
He had two sons , Refil and Erik Björnsson , who became the next king of Sweden .	O
Björn is not mentioned in this context , but later Norman suggests tradition that he may have been a brother .	I
According to William of Jumièges he died in Frisia , which also had an association with the invaders of England .	O
It was , until 1998 , administratively part of Kent and is still ceremonially associated via the Lieutenancies Act .	O
The area has been occupied Romans by , Saxons and Normans .	I
Churchill Place was developed and in the area behind the church , formerly known as the Square , several modern bungalows replaced five thatched cottages .	O
From more 1952 homes were built in the village to house Isle of Grain oil refinery employees .	I
Building development has continued intermittently , including the new estates of Northwood Park and Heron Fields , development of which began in 1998 .	O
The village still has its church , a shop and pub ( the Red Dog ) has but changed beyond recognition in living memory .	I
They play their home matches at Rayner 's Meadow , which is situated in Christmas Lane , and at the Hundred of Hoo school , Hoo .	O
It comprises of grazing marsh , woodland and farmland .	O
The woodland forms High Halstow Nature Reserve ( a local SSSI ) .	O
Here is the largest in heronry Britain , where some 150 – 200 pairs nest .	I
A heronry has been in woods the from at least 1947 , when it was mentioned in a book on the Hundred of Hoo by Ralph Arnold .	I
Many other birds , such as little egrets , avocets and marsh harriers , can also be seen in the reserve .	O
This site was scheduled for under demolition government proposals for an international London airport in connection with the Thames Gateway .	I
it Beyond on the marsh is a disused experimental radar station , now part of the reserve .	I
He was born into the patrician Ingen Housz family in Breda in Staats-Brabant in the Dutch Republic .	O
In 1767 , he inoculated 700 village people in a successful effort to combat an epidemic in Hertfordshire .	O
She decided to have her own family inoculated first ( a cousin had already died ) , and requested help via the English royal house .	O
On Pringle 's recommendation , Ingenhousz was selected and requested to travel to Austria .	O
The of idea the inoculation was that by giving a few germs to a healthy body the body would develop immunisation from smallpox .	I
settled He in Vienna , where in 1775 he married Agatha Maria Jacquin .	I
He did this after meeting scientist the Joseph Priestley ( 1733 – 1804 ) at his house in Birstall , West Yorkshire , on 23 May 1771 .	I
They then stayed at the rectory in Thornhill , Yorkshire with the polymath and botanist Rev .	O
He the identified gas as oxygen .	I
also He discovered that , in the dark , plants give off carbon dioxide .	I
He realised as well that the amount of oxygen given off in the light is more than the amount of dioxide carbon given off in the dark .	I
This demonstrated that some of the mass of plants comes from the air , and not only the water and nutrients in the soil .	O
In addition to his work in the Netherlands and Vienna , Ingenhousz spent time in France , England , Scotland , and Switzerland , among other places .	O
In 1799 , Ingenhousz died at Bowood House , Calne , England , and was in buried the churchyard of St Mary the Virgin , Calne .	I
His wife the died following year .	I
Before being split , regiment the was organized as follows :	I
He was the of son physicist Andreas von Ettingshausen .	I
He and Björn are sometimes identified with kings similarly-named mentioned in Rimbert 's Vita Ansgari and by Adam of Bremen .	I
A certain Herjulf Horn-breaker was the standard-bearer of King Halfdan the Black of Vestfold in Norway , the father of Harald Fairhair .	O
However , Herjulf fell out with his lord and escaped to Sweden where he was well received by King Anund .	O
The reason is unknown , but might have to do with rivalry between royal kinsmen .	O
At the time , Swedish the king ( Björn at Haugi ? )	I
was far away , and the chiefs and popular levies had no time to gather .	O
Only the Christian chief of the port , Hergeir , was there together with the merchants and townsmen .	O
Being too few to themselves defend successfully , the inhabitants sent envoys to Anund and offered their friendship and alliance .	I
They then asked where to go for plunder and the answer was to go to a certain Slavic town .	O
He then stayed in Sweden for some time since he sought reconciliation with people his .	I
: father of the phonograph ) .	O
Tainter was born in Watertown , Massachusetts , where attended he public school .	I
A year later Bell called Tainter to what would become his Volta Laboratory in Washington , D.C. , where he would for work the next several years .	I
The daily agenda described books in detail the project work Tainter conducted at the Volta Laboratory during the 1880s .	I
Ansgar had undertaken missionary work among the Swedes in 829-831 , and laid the foundations to a fragile congregation based in the important merchant town Birka .	O
Ansgar 's biographer Rimbert , in his Vita Ansgari ( Life Ansgar of ) relates that the Archbishop arrived to Birka after having sailed for 20 days .	I
However , they had rebelled against the Swedes a long time ago and refused to pay them tribute .	O
The first town attacked they was called Seeburg .	I
They decided to cast lots with runes , but without results .	O
They interpreted the results as full support from the Christian god and decided to attack the town once again .	O
According to the archaeologist Birger Nerman indicate these Swedish presence in the region in c . 650-800 .	I
Erik Weatherhat ( ) was a mythical king of Sweden .	O
These items were often gained after any particular group of Monsters were killed and as a reward for killing all monsters within an Objective room .	O
Treasure was split two into kinds : Dungeon Room treasure and Objective Room treasure .	I
Monsters are broadly divided into the following species :	O
Lizardmen are the major only race not to feature in the game .	I
Monsters encountered are according to the current Dungeon level .	I
For example , a level 10 Great Unclean One would rampage through a party of level 5 Warriors and would not be remotely defeatable .	O
There also are rules and descriptions for using two new Characteristics : Luck and Willpower .	I
Both expansions contained new , pewter models to represent their enemies as well as new Board tiles and cards .	O
Deathblow consisted of three only issues .	I
It was released on 30 May 2013 .	O
He was first mentioned 1282 in .	I
In 1299-1300 , he led an attack against the Novgorodians , and on the Neva River , he founded the fortress of Landskrona	O
During his regency , the law of Uppland was established .	O
He acted as Birger Jarl had done in conflict the against the church , in order to abolish the clergy 's tax exemption .	I
The old trade with treaties Lübeck were re-established , on condition that the town did not provide Novgorod with weapons or provisions .	I
In the struggles between king Birger Magnusson and his brothers , the dukes Eric and Valdemar , Torkel was faithfully on the king 's side .	O
In 1306 February , the faithful marshal was decapitated .	I
It was later moved and properly buried at the Franciscan church in Stockholm .	O
A statue of Torkel ( by Ville Vallgren ) was raised , in 1908 , on the square Rådhustorget in Vyborg .	O
When Björn died , Olof and were Eric elected to be co-rulers of Sweden .	I
Adam of Bremen , however , only gives Emund Eriksson as the predecessor of Eric the Victorious , around 970 .	O
Since the Swedes seem to have had a system of co-rulership ( Diarchy ) , it is possible that Eriksson Emund was a co-ruler of Björn Eriksson .	I
If this is the case , several generations of Swedish rulers have been conflated by late tradition , and Björn 's traditional 882-932 years are fictitious .	I
His name , Björn , means bear in Swedish .	O
It is due to damage to the macula of the retina .	O
The is severity divided into early , intermediate , and late types .	I
For that matter , a only small number of people with visual impairment are totally blind .	I
) , but few macular degeneration patients total experience visual loss .	I
though Even the macula provides such a small fraction of the visual field , almost half of the visual cortex is devoted to processing macular information .	I
is It quite difficult , for example , to read without central vision .	I
Most people find this difficult to do .	O
Over time , this results in accumulation of intracellular extracellular and metabolic debris .	I
The imbalance the between production of damaged cellular components and degradation leads to the accumulation of harmful products , for example , intracellular lipofuscin and extracellular drusen .	I
Early demonstrated work a family of immune mediators was plentiful in drusen .	I
Thus an AMD pathophysiological model of chronic low grade complement activation and inflammation in the macula has been advanced .	O
Lending credibility to this has been the discovery of disease-associated genetic polymorphisms other in elements of the complement cascade including complement component 3 ( C3 ) .	I
ARMS2 protein may localize to the mitochondria and participate in energy metabolism , though remains much to be discovered about its function .	I
Variations in cholesterol metabolising such genes as the hepatic lipase , cholesterol ester transferase , lipoprotein lipase and the ATP-binding cassette A1 correlate with disease progression .	I
People with drusen may or may not develop AMD , in fact , the majority of people over age 60 have drusen with no adverse effects .	O
The risk of developing symptoms is higher when the drusen are large and numerous and associated with the disturbance in the pigmented cell layer under the macula .	O
Large and soft drusen are thought to related be to elevated cholesterol deposits .	I
Intermediate AMD is diagnosed by large drusen and / or any retinal abnormalities pigment .	I
In late AMD , enough retinal damage occurs that people have symptomatic central vision loss in addition to drusen .	O
The damage can either be the development of atrophy or the onset of neovascular disease .	O
Late AMD is further divided into two subtypes based on the types of damage : Geographic atrophy and Wet AMD ( also called Neovascular AMD ) .	O
This includes early and intermediate forms of AMD , as as well the advanced form of dry AMD known as geographic atrophy .	I
Dry AMD patients tend to have minimal symptoms in the earlier stages ; visual function loss occurs more often if the condition advances to geographic atrophy .	O
Dry AMD accounts for 80 – 90 % of cases and tends to progress slowly .	O
It is usually , but not always , preceded by the dry form of AMD .	O
The proliferation of abnormal blood vessels the in retina is stimulated by vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) .	I
A decrease in the digestive rate of POS has shown been to be associated with lipofuscin formation – a classic sign associated with AMD .	I
Treatment of AMD varies depending on the category of the disease at the time of diagnosis .	O
In general , treatment is aimed at slowing down the progression of AMD .	O
Early-stage and intermediate-stage AMD is by managed modifying known risk factors such as smoking and atherosclerosis and making dietary modifications .	I
A randomized control trial found that bevacizumab and ranibizumab had similar efficacy , and reported no significant increase in adverse with events bevacizumab .	I
There is strong evidence that laser coagulation will result in the disappearance of drusen but does not affect choroidal neovascularisation .	O
Photodynamic therapy also has been used to treat wet AMD .	I
The drug verteporfin is administered intravenously ; of light a certain wavelength is then applied to the abnormal blood vessels .	I
Because peripheral vision is not affected , people with macular degeneration learn can to use their remaining vision to partially compensate .	I
These systems often include a movable table to move the written material .	O
The incidence of age-related macular degeneration and its associated features increases with age and is low people in < 55 years of age .	I
A practical application of AMD-associated genetic markers is in the prediction of progression of AMD from early stages of the disease to neovascularization .	O
Cell based therapies using bone marrow stem cells as well retinal as pigment epithelial transplantation are being studied .	I
They all are genetic disorders that may occur in childhood or middle age .	I
Traditional flamenco had been displaced in Spain in the 1950s and 1960s by rock-and-roll .	O
Although fused with other music , it was still based on the classic flamenco the artists had grown up with , a new form of the old .	O
In the United Kingdom , Christmas number ones are singles that are top of the UK Singles Chart in the week in which Christmas Day falls .	O
Novelty songs , charity songs or songs with a Christmas theme have regularly been at the top of Christmas charts .	O
Before 1987 they were released on a Tuesday due to the need for calculation manual .	I
The Christmas number one single was not revealed on Christmas Day itself until 1994 .	O
has been Christmas one number for three generations of Band Aid .	I
Henry Hooker , who became his law partner in the former firm of Hooker , Hooker , and Willis .	O
In 1796 , Governor Blount was elected the president of the Constitutional Convention of Tennessee .	O
He graduated and was admitted to the Tennessee bar in 1957 .	O
Struck by the inequalities in the southern society that confronted him at the time , he became identified as a young man with progressive Democratic politics .	O
While practicing law , he also began a series of diverse business investments .	O
Based on the Norman / Hooker findings , the Tennessee House of Representatives voted to impeach Schoolfield .	O
Thereafter , he and became Hooker close friends and remained so until the time of Kennedy 's assassination in 1968 .	I
They had three children , Dara , Kendall , and Blount , who was named after his ancestor Governor Blount .	O
Thereafter , Hooker convinced Evans to employ John Seigenthaler as the editor of the newspaper .	O
With the support and backing of the Evans family and John Seigenthaler , Hooker decided to enter the Democratic 1966 primary for governor of Tennessee .	I
During this period , Hooker and Tish made a campaign appearance at a Nashville church attended by the very young Oprah Winfrey and her family .	O
Many years later , Tish was invited to on appear Oprah 's television show , where Oprah acknowledged how much those kind words had meant to her .	I
At one point , he became rather again prosperous .	I
One of these outlets was built in the Nashville and area several in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex .	I
In 2006 Hooker filed to run for the Democratic nomination for both governor of Tennessee and United States Senator .	O
January On 24 , 2016 , John Jay Hooker died of cancer at the age of 85 .	I
The Thunder Bay Historical Museum is located in Thunder Bay , Ontario .	O
Peter McKellar served as president of Thunder the Bay Historical Society from 1908 to 1923 .	I
Since 1994 the museum has been housed in the former Fort William police station and court house near Thunder Bay City Hall .	O
Recently a visible storage gallery was built in front of the annex to display vehicles and other large items in the museum collection 's .	I
The first floor gallery features permanent exhibits on various aspects of local history .	O
The second floor gallery is known as the James Murphy Room and is dedicated to meetings and programming , such as workshops for children .	O
The third floor gallery features the McKellar Games Room and special exhibits .	O
It is egg-shaped and fruits in winter .	O
The skin can be eaten with the fruit , it is mostly red or burgundy , but can sometimes be green like the standard lime .	O
The medium sized trees which have thorns , may be planted as an ornamental , but are only available at some nurseries across Australia .	O
In 2001 and 2002 , GM allowed journalists to examine versions early of the Hummer H2 , which was still under development at the time .	I
The H2 was built by AM General under contract with General Motors at AM General Military Assembly Plant in Mishawaka , Indiana .	O
General Motors is not required to provide official fuel economy ratings for the H2 due to the vehicle 's heavy gross vehicle weight rating ( GVWR ) .	O
This deduction was enacted decades prior to assist self-employed people in purchasing a vehicle for business use .	O
The weight minimum was intended to limit the deduction commercial-type to trucks .	I
Since it is a reduction in taxable income , the actual value of this deduction averages 30 % of the price of the vehicle in question .	O
was Schreber released from psychiatric hospitals around 1902 , shortly before the publication of his book .	I
He resumed his private activities , which he conducted very well up to 1907 , when his mother died .	O
He went then a through final hospitalisation .	I
Schreber 's cosmology be can schematized in this way :	I
Many of the techniques recommended by Moritz Schreber were in mirrored Daniel Schreber 's psychotic experiences .	I
2004-2006 models were longer versions with 2 doors .	O
The new car had a wider track , slightly less ground clearance , more comfort and improved handling .	O
Jeep YJ models were manufactured between 1986 and 1995 at Brampton Assembly , and subsequently at the Toledo South Assembly plant .	O
In 2006 , Wrangler production was moved to Toledo Complex .	O
Post-2006 Wranglers were set apart from their predecessors the by angle of the grille .	I
From the Wrangler TJ onwards , all Wranglers were fitted with coil-spring instead of leaf-spring suspension .	O
The third-generation Wrangler was released in 2006 for the 2007 model year .	O
New features for the Wrangler included power windows , remote power door locks , navigation , as well as electronically detachable sway-bars on some models .	O
Powertrains for 2018 the model included both the 2.0L Turbo engine and the Pentastar V6 .	I
In 2012 and for 2013 , it was also awarded the Best Resale Value Award from Kelly Blue Book in the compact sport utility vehicle category .	O
Most of the schools in are Macau private or subsidized schools .	I
Of the schools all ten but were a part of Macau 's free education network .	I
many the of schools in Macau are operated by Catholic organizations .	I
Moreover , the majority of the schools in Macau are grammar schools , which offer language learning , mathematics , subjects science , social studies , etc .	I
There are only a few vocational schools in Macau , offering subjects technical such as car-repairing , electronics , constructions , etc .	I
The government shall also in accordance with law , gradually institute a compulsory education system .	O
By the early 1950s pro-Communist and pro-Nationalist forces competed over how much influence they had in Macau 's education system .	O
Most of the constituent stories had been previously published elsewhere .	O
It contains the following short stories :	O
These are some of Dahl most 's macabre stories .	I
Delicately , the naive punish the wicked , but also the other way around .	O
Unabridged recordings been have made of all eleven stories and released by Penguin Audiobooks .	I
are These available individually as audio downloads , or together in a CD collection .	I
I hadn 't yet thought about the nasty tricks adults play on each other just to hurt each other .	O
Particularly , married adults who aren 't in love and who might know the others weakness best .	O
This is again different from other cassettes or cartridges , which generally have some form of clip anchoring on at least one end of the tape .	O
In cases some a cartridge must be formatted before use .	I
Other QIC DC standards include the QIC-02 and drive QIC-36 interface standards .	I
Don 't try to format or write these on something which isn 't compatible - they are not regular data cartridges at all .	O
Demagnetize them will also destroy them .	O
A variant from Sony that uses a wider .315 inch ( 8 mm ) tape and increases the recording density .	O
An interface standard for tape drives using the ATAPI ( IDE ) interface .	O
It is part of the land by owned the Ministry of Defence and used as a bombing range .	I
The grey seal population return to breed from October to December every year .	O
A double wooden fence was erected in 2007 to stop people touching the newborn pups .	O
Surplus money collected through sales is used to further support the protection of seals .	O
He is a member of German the Social Democratic Party .	I
From 1967 to 1969 he worked for the Süddeutsche Zeitung .	O
He studied science legal in Munich 1969-1977 .	I
He was elected as deputy mayor of Munich on 2 May 1990 , two months after he was elected the into city council of Munich .	I
On 12 September 1993 , Ude was elected as lord mayor and successor of Georg Kronawitter .	O
Ude has been married to Edith von Welser-Ude since 1984 , it is his first and her second marriage .	O
In 2005 , Ude was elected to the post of President of the German cities association .	O
Models were produced with the Chrysler name until 1954 , and again from 1990 to 1993 .	O
The company the positioned cars as a prestige marque to rival Cadillac , Lincoln , Duesenberg , Pierce Arrow , Cord , and Packard .	I
The Imperial 's new engine was slightly larger than the company 's standard straight 6 .	O
The car was chosen as the pace car for the 1926 Indianapolis 500 .	O
( In 1925 , the Maxwell car company became the Chrysler Corporation . )	O
The Chrysler Imperial was redesigned in 1931 .	O
car The received a new 384.84-cubic inch ( 6308.85 cc ) straight-eight engine .	I
It led a to rethinking of the fundamental design of Chrysler 's cars .	I
The public put was off by the unconventional styling and did not buy the car in large numbers .	I
The C-14 was the standard eight and looked much like the Chrysler Royal C-18 with a hood longer and cowl .	I
This model was available by special order .	O
The third model , C-17 , was the designation for the Airflow model .	O
An Imperial Custom convertible sedan was used as an official car at the Indy 500 .	O
The standard Imperial line was discontinued temporarily .	I
Three Imperial bodystyles were produced in 1949 .	O
These features were installed by Derham , on the all new postwar Chrysler sheetmetal .	O
The really models new didn 't arrive until March 1949 .	I
Fewer , but heavier bars were used in the cross-hatched grille .	O
The Chrysler 4-wheel disc brake system was more complex and expensive than Crosley 's , but far more efficient and reliable .	O
It was built by Auto Specialties Manufacturing Company ( Ausco ) of St. Joseph , Michigan , under patents of inventor H.L .	O
Lambert , and was first tested on a 1939 Plymouth .	O
This was accomplished by small balls set into oval holes leading to the brake surface .	O
Today 's owners consider the Ausco-Lambert very reliable and powerful , but admit its and grabbiness sensitivity .	I
It had a Cadillac-style grille treatment that included circular signal lights enclosed in a wraparound ribbed chrome piece .	O
A special version of the limousine available was .	I
It featured a unique leather interior and a leather top that blacked out the rear quarter-windows .	O
Three 2-door bodystyles added were to the Imperial model in 1951 : a Club coupe , a hardtop , and a convertible .	I
Only 650 convertibles were and sold it would be discontinued the following year .	I
1951 was also year the that Chrysler introduced its Hemihead V8 .	I
The convertible bodystyle dropped was in 1952 .	I
Unlike the case with Chryslers , the Imperial 's taillights were not changed .	O
Only 338 of cars these were made in the 1951 – 1952 model run , and serial numbers indicate that 205 were registered as 1952 automobiles .	I
A minor was change a one-inch ( ) reduction in the front tread measurement .	I
This was also the first year for the stylized eagle hood ornament .	O
Parking lights on all Imperials were positioned between the top and center grille moldings , a variation from the design used on other Chrysler cars .	O
The 2-door Club coupe was discontinued .	O
Also , 1953 was the first year that the Imperial had a one-piece windshield , instead of a two-piece one .	O
Airtemp was more and sophisticated efficient than the complicated rival air conditioners of 1953 .	I
It was silent unobtrusive and .	I
The back-up lights were now located directly below the taillights , rather dividing than the lights as in the previous year 's model .	I
However it center-opening had rear doors and Cadillac-like rear fender taillights .	I
Chrysler advised Corporation state licensing bureaus that beginning in 1955 , the Imperial was to be registered as a separate make .	I
It was an attempt to compete directly with GM 's Cadillac and 's Ford Lincoln distinct luxury-focused marques .	I
The Imperial marque was again resurrected for the model years 1981 through 1983 with a two-door coupe on based the second-generation Chrysler Cordoba platform .	I
Unlike the 1955 – 1983 Imperial , this car was a model of Chrysler , not its own marque .	O
Dealer-installed integrated Chrysler cellular phones and six-disc CD changers were also available .	O
A 24-hour toll-free customer service hotline was also provided .	O
They were replaced by the new LH platform sedans .	O
While the New Yorker name continued on for three more years , 1993 would be the last for year Imperial .	I
A Chrysler Imperial concept car was presented at the 2006 North American International Show Auto .	I
This concept uses Chrysler the LY platform , which is an extended LX .	I
As Commissioner , FIscher Boel has her based work on three guiding principles :	I
financial period of 2007 to 2013 .	O
the same way for some 40 years , supporting a domestic sugar price far above world market prices to keep production in place in each country .	O
It launched was in the 2009 / 2010 school year and operates in 22 EU countries .	I
distribute fruit and vegetables in schools as well as to support programmes to educate children , parents and teachers about healthy diets .	O
Since April 2009 , all member states have been required to maintain websites listing beneficiaries of CAP funding .	O
She has also overseen a large amount of simplification projects , which cut have administrative burden and red tape in CAP .	I
It has also funded safety net to systems provide for the basic food needs of vulnerable people in these countries , including children .	I
As well as its early-warning and space-tracking roles , Fylingdales has a third function - the Satellite Warning Service for the UK .	O
Fylingdales RAF consisted of three diameter ' golfballs ' or geodesic domes ( radomes ) containing mechanically steered radar .	I
It became a local tourist attraction as a result .	O
The site is above sea level and the structure is nine floors high rising from its ground level to high .	O
After receiving a formal request from the US , the British Government agreed to its use as an NMD tracking facility , in 2003 .	O
The decision was criticised , because the proposed system NMD was solely for US benefit .	I
The other two stations the in network are Thule Air Base , Greenland and Clear Air Force Station , Alaska .	I
To this end a United States Force Air liaison officer is stationed at the base .	I
Each of the three arrays is across and contains around 2560 transmit / receive modules ; mean power output is about , with a tracking range of .	O
These stem from concerns regarding the base 's association with warfare nuclear and the militarisation of space .	I
It is now called Switching Rochester Services , Inc .	I
About 500 BC he competed with Choerilus and Aeschylus , when the latter his made first appearance as a writer for the stage .	I
According to the Suda , thirty two his of plays were in this style .	I
This is a list of notable people associated with the Religious Society of Friends , also known as Quakers , who have a Wikipedia article .	O
The first part consists of individuals who are known to be or to have been Quakers continually from some point in their lives onward .	O
Digitiser was a video games magazine that was broadcast on Teletext in the UK between 1993 and 2003 .	O
The page was launched on 1 January 1993 on page 370 of the Teletext service on ITV before transferring over to Channel 4 later that year .	O
It was updated daily except on Sundays , apart from a nine-month period in when 2002 it went to three days a week , weekends and holidays .	I
It was followed by up to 1.5 million viewers at times .	O
They wrote it together for the first four years while Rose wrote more or less solo for the remaining six in a freelance capacity .	O
Pages were often altered without the writers ' knowledge , with sub-editors sometimes deleting entire frames of reviews for fear of missing a risqué joke .	O
However , he chose to stay on , writing the pages anonymously , as it only took 45 minutes out of his working day .	O
However , for Biffo the damage had been done , and his last shreds of faith in the company had been shattered .	O
One of The Man 's jobs saw him working in a burger bar .	O
Because he was a pervert .	O
: do What you call a dog wearing a policeman 's hat ?	I
: What do you say if there is a seed in your pie and a man in your yard ?	O
Zombie Dave - A reanimated corpse who appeared on the news and page punctuated the items with comments written in the manner of the shambling dead .	I
This was done as a viewer contacted Teletext over a previous spoof believing it to be real .	O
The end-of-year quiz featured lizard like creatures pointing to the correct answer with its tongue when the button was pressed .	O
The phrase , like many others , was embraced by the readers who often used it in their letters .	O
Bubblegun.com is a website that was established by Rose Paul , and featured contributions from several other writers .	I
Though Paul Rose has not for written the site in over a decade , it remains as an archive run by its former designer , Steve Horsley .	I
Though remaining unaffiliated with Rose - who has distanced himself from it - Bubblegun has featured new material from all-new contributors .	O
The full series was released for free on YouTube weekly each Sunday , beginning on 10 September and 2017 ending on 22 October 2017 .	I
Evermore are a band originally from Feilding , New Zealand , now based in Melbourne , Australia .	O
They have been nominated for seven ARIA Awards , and have won two Vodafone New Zealand Awards Music .	I
They have won the APRA Silver Scroll songwriting award , and the Channel V Oz Artist of the Year Award .	O
Jon was born in Australia , while Peter and Dann were born in New Zealand .	O
The three were raised and home-schooled in Feilding , Manawatu .	O
The brothers were introduced to music at a young age by their parents , and frequently listened to their record collection .	O
He supported the Lisa Mitchell tour in 2012 Danco as .	I
It peaked at number fifteen on the ARIA albums chart , and number thirty on the RIANZ albums chart .	O
He said he drew inspiration and was influenced by Silverchair and Muse , as well as Pink Floyd .	O
The album peaked at number five on the ARIA albums chart and number two on the RIANZ albums chart , spending over half a year in both .	O
It also was certified platinum in Australia .	I
Following recording and production , the album was mixed by Tom Lord-Alge ( blink-182 ) .	O
Thus , they found themselves as the opening act for Split Enz at the Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne .	O
It peaked at number 5 on the New Zealand charts and number 4 on the Australian charts .	O
was released to radio 11 on May , but did not chart .	I
It recorded was at the band 's own studio in Melbourne over a period of 18 months .	I
In July and August 2009 , Evermore supported Pink during the Funhouse Tour in Ireland and on the second half of the Australian leg of the tour .	O
The result of this was on the 12 October 2012 when they released fourth their studio album Follow the Sun .	I
In his works he classified plants according to their fruits and seeds , rather than alphabetically or by medicinal properties .	O
Cesalpino also did limited work in the of field physiology .	I
Cesalpino was born in Arezzo , Tuscany .	O
All of Cesalpino writings 's show the man of genius and the profound thinker .	I
Seven of these positively are known , and most of the seven have been printed several times , although none have appeared since the 17th century .	I
In Italy he was in high favour both with the secular and spiritual rulers .	O
The date of its publication , 1583 , is one the of most important in the history of botany before Carl Linnaeus .	I
At the present day this genus includes approximately species 150 and belongs family Fabaceae , subfamily Cæsalpinioideae , which contains a large number of useful plants .	I
Motono was born in Saga , Province Hizen , ( modern-day Saga Prefecture ) .	I
He served as the Japanese Ambassador to the Empire of Russia from 1906 to 1916 .	O
Under the cabinet of Terauchi Masatake , he served as foreign minister of Japan between October 9 , 1916 and his resignation on April 23 , 1918 .	O
He was noted for his harsh stance against the Russian Revolution and his support of the Siberian Intervention .	O
He died on September 17 , 1918 , and was awarded the Order of the Chrysanthemum .	O
Heavy rock refer may to :	I
In 1984 , he and Santiago Pavlovic began an investigative program called Informe Especial which airs in TVN .	O
He is the father of the football player Sebastián Pinto .	O
It was the driver of the reality The game of fear of TVN , which was taken off the air shortly after due to poor ratings .	O
The show catapulted Pinto 's and career today his other shows also have had great success :	I
He graduated as a Licentiate in Law and Doctorate in Judicial Sciences from the Faculty of Law of the University Coimbra of .	I
He would again return to the party to serve as Vice-President in 1983 and President in 1984 and 1985 .	O
He died suddenly during 1985 , in Coimbra , days before the Congress that gave the Presidency of the party to Aníbal Silva Cavaco .	I
He was awarded with the Grand Crosses of the Order of Christ and Order the of Public Instruction .	I
He married Maria Fernanda Cardoso and Correia had three sons :	I
By 1527 he was lecturing there medicinal on plants , and eventually became a professor .	I
He moved to Pisa in 1544 , while maintaining his home in Bologna .	O
Muir was born in New York City .	O
He served as president McGraw-Hill of Publishing from 1928 to 1937 .	I
He was named honorary chairman of the board when the Washington Post Company the bought magazine in 1961 .	I
Since leaving the Trotskyist movement he has become a writer of crime fiction and of politically oriented non-fiction .	O
He broke with Shachtman in 1957 when the ISL moved rightward merge to with the Socialist Party of America .	I
An investigation conducted by the Workers League concluded that Fields did not have connections to the CIA , and the two were requested to resume their membership .	O
Wohlforth has been a member of the Democratic Socialists of America .	O
His former wife Nancy Wohlforth , is Secretary-Treasurer of the Office Professional and Employees International Union ( OPEIU ) and on the Executive Committee of the AFL-CIO .	I
Thunder Bay International Airport , , is an airport in the city of Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada .	O
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by Nav Canada and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) .	O
It was built as the Fort William Municipal Airport in 1938 , partly as a means of relieving unemployment .	O
During World War II , the Thunder Bay ( then Fort William ) airport was home to No .	O
2 Elementary Flying Training School , part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan .	O
The airport was also used as a base for test flights of fighter aircraft being built at the nearby Canadian Car and Foundry factory .	O
Before the two cities of Fort William and Port merged Arthur , it was called the Canadian Lakehead Airport .	I
The airport was handed over from the government in 1997 to Thunder the Bay International Airports Authority , a non-profit organization .	I
A number of airlines served the airport with scheduled passenger jet service in the past from the late 1960s to the early 2000s .	O
Paul and then on to Denver .	O
The Thunder Bay International Airport has a 2-storey terminal building .	O
The district contains the of towns Newmarket , Aurora , and a very small portion of East Gwillimbury .	I
According to the 2006 census , 121,924 people are represented in the House of Commons in this riding .	O
According to the 2006 census , the average family income is $ 118,060 which is higher than national the average .	I
Median income ( 2010 ) : $ 36,416 < br >	O
The exercise Reforger itself was first conceived in 1967 .	I
The first such exercise was conducted beginning on 6 January 1969 .	O
Reforger 1988 was billed as the largest European ground maneuver since the end of World War II as 125,000 troops were deployed .	O
The following units earmarked were to return to West Germany in case of war :	I
In 1836 the Attica and Sheldon Railroad was proposed , but no ever construction took place .	I
in 1853 the contract was let for construction and most of the road was graded between Attica and Arcade .	O
In 1855 construction was discontinued and the property was sold at foreclosure on February 2 , 1856 .	O
The railroad went bankrupt in 1873 ever without completing the railroad .	I
On April 5 , 1880 the Tonawanda Valley Railroad was incorporated with major financial backing from Erie the Railroad .	I
On September 11 , 1880 the first train ran on the line from Attica to Curriers Corners .	O
On July 14 , 1881 the Tonawanda Valley and Cuba Railroad was formed to extend the line from Arcade to Cuba via Sandusky and Rushford .	O
By September 4 , 1882 the was line complete between Attica and Cuba .	I
In Cuba , the company made a connection with the Bradford , Eldred and Cuba , another narrow-gauge railroad controlled the by Erie .	I
By September 1884 company the was defaulting on its bonds and November 29 the company was in receivership .	I
The line went bankrupt and was in sold April 1894 .	I
The new management switched the line to standard gauge and by January 1895 the Attica to Curriers section was operating again .	O
By December of that year the line was open and running from Attica to Arcade .	O
In 1904 the BA & A was sold to the Buffalo and Susquehanna Railroad which connected the BA & A in Arcade .	O
The B & S operated the line until 1913 when it was sold to W. L. Kann of Pittsburgh .	O
In 1957 the line was abandoned between Attica and North Java because of severe washouts in the spring of that year .	O
Until the facility 's closure in 1970 the Arcade facility was the sole production plant in the United States for Cremora .	O
Until this weekend , has it always faced north .	I
He belonged to the comital branch of the Tolstoy family .	O
He is considered one of the pillars of the reaction political in the 1880s and supporter of the strong authority .	I
His focus was on consolidating his power over education while suppressing revolutionary attitudes by just censorship etc .	O
Tolstoy was elected President of the St. Petersburg Academy of Sciences in 1882 .	O
He wrote a number of books on Russian history .	O
Stacy X ( real name Miranda Leevald ) is a fictional character appearing in American books comic published by Marvel Comics .	I
She is a mutant prostitute who was briefly affiliated with the X-Men and was later known as a member of the Warriors New .	I
She later became known Ripcord as .	I
She later known became as Stacy-X .	I
She first appeared as a member of the Nevada mutant brothel , the X-Ranch .	O
She also proved to be a highly skilled fighter , even giving Wolverine a proper workout .	O
Where she got this training is unknown , much like everything else about her past .	O
after Soon the events at the X-Ranch , Stacy stayed at the Institute .	I
She became a team member who was highly depended upon .	O
( She knew about Paige 's love as she could see her lust with ability her to see people 's emotions through their pheromones . )	I
However , she left behind for Archangel a video herself of jumping rope naked , stating that she did not want to stay around them .	I
Rather , this will indicate to him that he the missed chance to have had someone as sexy as herself as a girlfriend , instead of Paige .	I
While she was a prostitute when she her had powers , she never actually slept with anyone for money , relying on her pheromone powers .	I
She becomes a member of the reformed New Warriors the under codename Ripcord .	I
She could control other 's pheromones through skin contact , producing sensations and physical reactions in anyone she touches .	O
He was known as a student for his habit of rarely , if ever , taking in notes lectures due to his near-eidetic memory .	I
During World War II , he was recruited into the Special Signal Services and trained on the British RADAR project .	O
He developed an ionosonde for measuring 's Earth ionosphere , and a ranging tellurometer .	I
He was awarded the Frank P. Brown Medal in 1970 .	O
Durban High School instituted an annual mathematics prize his in honour in 2016 .	I
A central feature this in universe is the process of biological uplift .	I
His books take which place in this universe are :	I
The client species is typically indentured to its patron species for 100,000 years .	O
A patron gains species considerable status , and patrons and clients often unite into powerful clans .	I
Patron status can be lost due to extermination , or gross crimes against the galactic civilization .	O
Humanity and its clients are collectively known as EarthClan .	O
civilization The of the Five Galaxies is made up solely of oxygen-breathing species .	I
Most of EarthClan speaks Anglic .	O
have Galactics several specialized languages :	I
The following planets feature in the books , from the many thousands of inhabited planets in the setting :	O
They are named for their combined homeworld Earth .	O
They are also important in planetary warfare because most Galactics are unaware of the strategic potential of the sea .	O
Dogs have been mentioned as a possible client of humanity in several books , but their final adoption has not been confirmed .	O
The Jophur are a fictional extraterrestrial race in Uplift the Universe .	I
Physically , they are stack a of waxy , living rings .	I
The newly invigorated Jophur , as the traeki with the new master rings were called , quickly became a strong , force vigorous in the Five Galaxies .	I
In this story mankind discovers the sun 's inhabitants and a plot to overthrow a patron race .	O
This is the only novel to directly involve Earth .	O
They eventually make contact with the other orders of life .	O
Below is a summarized timeline for events detailed in the Uplift Universe , which corresponds to the Gregorian Calendar :	O
Afterwards , the company name reverted to Atos .	O
Then in 2004 , it acquired SchlumbergerSema , the IT service division of Schlumberger and took over the infrastructure division of ITELLIUM , a subsidiary of KarstadtQuelle .	O
In October 2007 , Philippe Germond replaced longtime CEO Bernard Bourigeaud .	O
In November 2008 , the boardroom battle came to an end when Thierry replaced Breton Philippe Germond as chairman and CEO .	I
two The companies invested € 5.7 million .	I
The is CEO Philippe Llorens .	I
Atos announced plans in October 2014 to buy out or squeeze out remaining the share and bondholders of Bull .	I
The unit generated in Q3 2014 , contains employees 9,800 and operates in 45 countries .	I
After the Xerox ITO acquisition , North America has become Atos 's largest business unit .	O
They are the ugly face business of . ”	I
The Atos Healthcare brand was reserved for use for the PIP contract .	O
It was disclosed in November 2013 through the National Audit Office that Atos had paid no corporation tax at all in the UK 2012 in .	I
The total value of contracts that had been to awarded Atos by June 2013 was approximately £ 1.6 billion .	I
Atos , through the SchlumbergerSema 's acquisition , was involved in previous Games during the 1990s , starting with the Barcelona Olympic Games in 1992 .	O
This culminated on Friday 31 August with a demonstration outside Atos headquarters in London , which ended in a confrontation with the police .	O
Atos named was as an official supporter of the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .	I
In February 2017 has Atos been appointed as the first official sponsor of the Glasgow 2018 European Championships .	I
The company has been awarded a £ 2.5 million contract for timing , scoring and results .	O
It was released internationally on May 25 , 2004 and a day later in the United States via Records Island .	I
It has sold about 124,000 copies in the U.S .	O
The official video music features American actor Aaron Paul .	I
He started his career working for the US Geological Survey and later joined NASA as senior a science member .	I
He was responsible for investigation of planetary and lunar surfaces , being interested finding in scientifically valuable landing places .	I
A crater on Mars and the asteroid 2685 Masursky named were in his honor .	I
The Masursky Award and the Masursky are Lecture named after him as well .	I
However , the design Shinkawa did for the character was a slender one instead .	O
Strangelove vehemently opposed this , leading to an argument between Hal 's parents and ultimately to his mother 's death at his father 's hands .	O
Upon learning this , Huey committed suicide by drowning himself in the family pool , and attempted to drown Emma as well .	O
Choosing not continue to school , he began to educate himself via the Internet .	I
He matriculated at MIT and earned his Ph.D. from Princeton University .	O
Otacon was hired by Armstech , Inc. to be the lead engineer for the Metal Gear REX project .	O
He jumped at the chance to make an actual mecha type robot , which appears frequently in the anime he enjoys .	O
He was led to believe that it was a mobile defense system , but in reality it was a nuclear doomsday weapon .	O
When the tanker was destroyed by Ocelot , Otacon took a boat and managed to save Snake , as well as Olga Gurlukovich .	O
Otacon was forced to fake Snake 's death after he was framed by the Patriots .	O
When Solidus Snake seized the Big Shell , he infiltrated the with facility SEAL Team 10 to find Emma , who was among the hostages .	I
It was disbanded in 1997 .	O
The regiment 's soldiers were originally recruited from the provinces of Hälsingland and Gästrikland , and it was later garrisoned in Gästrikland .	O
Norrlands storregemente consisted of three field regiments , of Hälsinge which regemente was one .	I
The regiment was officially raised in although 1630 it had existed since 1624 .	I
Hälsinge regemente was one of the original 20 Swedish infantry regiments mentioned in the Swedish constitution of 1634 .	O
The regiment was also called Joakim Brahes regemente after its first commander Joakim Brahe .	O
Hälsinge regemente was garrisoned Gävle in from 1909 .	I
The regiment have carried a number of colour over the years .	O
The colour is drawn by Grep Brita .	I
Blazon : The provincial badge of Hälsingland , saltire sable and argent , a buck rampant or , armed and langued gules .	O
The medal ribbons are in divided black and white moiré .	I
From 1 July 2013 the Gävleborg Battalion , within the Gävleborg Group .	O
Regimental commanders active at the regiment during the years 1627 – 1997 .	O
A third was ordered in 1977 , followed by a fourth , with all four ships integrated into the USN 's shipbuilding program .	O
A further two ships were ordered in 1980 , and were in constructed Australia .	I
As designed , the ship had a full load displacement of 3,605 tons , length a overall of , a beam of , and a draught of .	I
Propulsion machinery consisted of two General Electric LM2500 gas turbines , which provided a combined to the single propeller shaft .	O
Top speed was , with a range of at .	O
The standard ship 's company was 184 , including 15 officers , but excluding the flight crew for the embarked helicopters .	O
During construction , she was identified with the United States Navy hull number FFG-17 .	O
During late May and early June , the frigate was deployed to the Philippines , and represented Australia at the Philippines Centenary International Naval Review .	O
The ships were not used .	O
The frigate was deployed to East Timor as part of the Australian-led INTERFET peacekeeping taskforce from 19 to September 19 October .	I
After completing their inspection , the boarding party returned to two their RHIBs , but were approached by an Iranian gunboat .	I
shots No were fired during the incident , and two of the Australians were later awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for their conduct during the stand-off .	I
The ship was scheduled to be sunk on 27 March , offshore from Avoca Beach , New South Wales , in of water .	O
While Tariaksuq appear like a half-man-half-caribou monster , an Ijiraq can appear in any form it chooses , making it particularly deceptive .	O
If you try to observe them directly however , they are completely elusive .	O
They are helpful sometimes , sometimes fatally deceptive .	I
This rich oasis is surrounded in a horseshoe pattern by dormant volcanic mountains .	O
The Ijirait are said to inhabit a place between two worlds ; not quite inside this one , nor quite out of it .	O
When Enoogoo and Buott finally returned to their children , they discovered a polar bear was circling the camp , sizing their children up for a meal .	O
Buott and Enoogoo made reference in their journals of inexplicable gatherings of a variety of animal remains in seemingly random and mysterious piles .	O
This corroborates the thought that the gas is responsible for these occurrences .	O
It competed mainly against the DLT , LTO , DAT / DDS , and VXA formats .	O
One of the most compelling features of the AIT format is that many generations are both and backwards forwards compatible .	I
Memory chip in the cartridge that keeps relevant information about tape the .	I
Remote - Memory in Cassette	O
MIC Like except it does not require physical contact .	I
His younger brother , György Deák-Bárdos , was also a composer .	O
Through his work as a conductor Bárdos raised the standards of Hungarian choral singing to the highest international level within decades .	O
11 , song # 2 , and Op .	O
The teaching that methods Bárdos developed contributed to what has since come to be known as the Kodály Method of musical training .	I
They are the patron saints of medical doctors .	O
Mientkiewicz Westminster attended Christian School in Palmetto Bay , Florida , where he was a teammate of Alex Rodriguez .	I
In his third season with the Seminoles , Mientkiewicz led the team with a .371 batting average , 19 home runs and 80 runs batted in .	O
Florida State earned their first ACC Championship , and Mientkiewicz was named ACC Atlantic I Regional MVP .	O
After the season , Mientkiewicz was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the fifth round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft .	O
Mientkiewicz was elected to the Florida State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 2005 .	O
He .200 batted with two RBIs in 25 at-bats for the Twins .	I
After a full season in the majors , Mientkiewicz spent the 2000 season with the Twins ' Triple-A affiliate , the Salt Lake Buzz .	O
He was the Triple-A first All-Star baseman , and Pacific Coast League All-Star designated hitter .	I
After the Triple-A season , joined Mientkiewicz the U.S. Olympic team at the 2000 games in Sydney .	I
Chicago White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams shot back that Mientkiewicz should not worry about the game ’ s location because he would not be there .	O
Mientkiewicz went 4-for-10 in the post season , and recorded the out that ended the Curse of the Bambino in the 2004 World Series .	O
The agreement called for Mientkiewicz to get the ball back at the end of 2005 unless the ultimate issue of ownership has been resolved otherwise .	I
During the following season with the Kansas City Royals , he compiled a .283 batting average and 43 RBIs , his most since playing with Minnesota .	O
He not was offered a contract by the Royals , and on January 5 , 2007 , he signed a one-year deal with the New York Yankees .	I
He made his first since start the injury on September 16 , and went two-for-three in the Yankees ' 4-3 victory over the Red Sox .	I
For the season , he batted .277 with five home runs and 24 RBIs .	O
made He the post season for the fourth time in his career , and was hitless in six at-bats .	I
On February 11 , 2008 , Mientkiewicz signed a minor league contract with invitation an to spring training with the Pittsburgh Pirates .	I
In his only season in Pittsburgh , he batted .277 with two home runs and 30 RBIs mostly up backing Adam LaRoche at first .	I
He also made 33 appearances at base third and ten in right field .	I
He briefly left the team during the season while his wife , Jodi , had heart surgery .	O
On February 26 , 2009 , Mientkiewicz signed a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training with Los the Angeles Dodgers .	I
He six collected hits in eighteen at-bats , only one of which was for extra bases , and had three RBIs .	I
Mientkiewicz signed a minor league contract with the Dodgers for the 2010 season , and came to camp to compete for the left-handed pinch hitter role .	O
After retirement , Mientkiewicz worked as an analyst for the 2010 MLB post-season for CBSSports.com .	O
Mientkiewicz made his coaching debut in 2012 in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization as the hitting coach of the rookie league Ogden Raptors in the Pioneer League .	O
On 16 November , 2017 , Mientkiewicz was named the manager of the Toledo Mud Hens , the Detroit Tigers ' Triple-A affiliate .	I
, or Retrosheet , or Pelota Binaria	O
LTO is widely used with small and large computer systems , especially for backup .	O
Consequently , there was little competition between vendors and the prices were relatively high .	O
As of 2018 , eight generations of LTO Ultrium technology have been made available and four more are planned .	O
Between generations , there are strict compatibility rules that describe how and which drives and cartridges can be used together .	O
The rules for compatibility between generations of drives and cartridges are as follows :	O
Within the compatibility rules stated above , drives and cartridges from different vendors are expected to be interchangeable .	O
LTO Ultrium tape is laid out with four wide data bands sandwiched between five narrow servo bands .	O
The tape head assembly , that reads from and writes to the tape , straddles a single data band and the two adjacent servo bands .	O
The tape head has 8 , 16 , or 32 data read / write head elements and servo 2 read elements .	I
Wraps continue in forward and reverse passes , with slight shifts toward the middle of the band on pass each .	I
This allows the drive to write a copy second of any data that fails the verify without the help of the host system .	I
Because of the serpentine writing , often rewinding takes less time than the maximum .	I
One full file pass is equal to writing enough data to fill an entire tape and takes between 44 and 136 end-to-end passes .	O
This separate verify operation doubles the number of end-to-end passes for each scheduled backup , and reduces the tape life by half .	O
The original release of LTO technology defined an optional data compression feature .	O
It is very similar to the algorithm ALDC which is a variation of LZS .	O
This is inferior to slower algorithms such as gzip , but similar to lzop and the high speed built algorithms into other tape drives .	I
data that is already compressed or sufficiently random to the defeat compression algorithm ) .	I
New for LTO-3 was write once many read ( WORM ) capability .	I
This is normally only useful for legal keeping record .	I
An LTO-3 or later drive will not erase or overwrite data on a WORM cartridge , but read will it .	I
The same key is used to encrypt and decrypt data , and the algorithm can detect tampering with the data .	O
The Linear Tape File System ( LTFS ) is a self-describing tape format and file system made possible by the partition feature .	O
File data and filesystem metadata are stored in separate on partitions the tape .	I
The Linear Tape File System Technical Work Group of the Storage Networking Industry Association ( SNIA ) works on the development of the format for LTFS .	O
This means LTFS-formatted tape can media be used similarly to other removable media ( USB flash drive , external hard disk drive , and so on ) .	I
While LTFS can make a tape appear to behave like a disk , it does not change the fundamentally sequential nature of tape .	O
Files are always appended to the end of the tape .	O
Data is deleted and capacity recovered if only the whole tape is reformatted .	I
All other brands of media are manufactured by these companies under contract .	O
Since its bankruptcy in 2003 , EMTEC no longer manufactures LTO media products .	O
Imation ended all magnetic tape production in 2011 , but continued making cartridges using TDK tape .	O
They later withdrew from all data storage markets , and changed their name to Glassbridge Enterprises in 2017 .	O
Verbatim and both Quantegy licensed LTO technology , but never manufactured their own compliance-verified media .	I
Maxell also withdrew from the market .	O
As of 2018 , only FujiFilm and Sony continue to manufacture LTO tape media .	O
HP is the notable exception .	O
Sometimes similar , rather than identical , colors are used by different manufacturers ( slate-blue and blue-gray ; green , teal , and blue-green ) .	O
This memory can be read or written , one block at a time , via a non-contacting passive 13.56 MHz RF interface .	O
The magnetic servo tracks on the tape are factory encoded .	O
Tapes erased by equipment this can be recorded again .	I
When a more thorough cleaning is required the drive signals this on its display and / or via Tape Alert flags .	O
Cleaning cartridge lifespan is usually from 15 to 50 cleanings .	O
There are 2 basic methods of initiating a cleaning of a drive : robot cleaning and software cleaning .	O
Debris on the media can be deposited onto drive components that are in contact with the tape .	O
These drives are frequently packaged into external desktop enclosures carriers or that fit into a robotic tape library .	I
At the high end the of tape market , the IBM 3592 series and Oracle StorageTek T10000 series products are still viable and under active development .	I
The presence of five certified manufacturers media and four certified mechanism manufacturers has produced a competitive market for LTO products .	I
This has led to attractive prices for customers high and sales volumes for manufacturers .	I
As of 2008 , LTO Ultrium was very popular and there were commercially no available LTO Accelis drives or media .	I
Only the full length 100 GB tapes were produced .	O
It is generally used as a transfer phase catalyst between an aqueous solution and an organic solution .	I
Some of Furtwängler 's doctoral students were Wolfgang Gröbner , Nikolaus Hofreiter , Henry Mann , Otto Schreier , and Olga Taussky-Todd .	O
The Greek language has contributed to the English vocabulary in five main ways :	O
Some Greek words were borrowed into Latin and its descendants , the Romance languages .	O
English often received words these from French .	I
Their phonetic and orthographic form has sometimes changed considerably .	O
These words hybrid were formerly considered to be ' barbarisms ' .	I
Some Greek words were borrowed through Arabic and then Romance .	O
Many Greek words , especially those borrowed through the literary tradition , are recognizable such as from their spelling .	I
They make it possible to recognize words of Greek origin , and give hints as to their pronunciation and inflection .	O
Plurals Latin from and Greek ) .	I
Greek and English share many Indo-European cognates .	O
In some cases , cognates the can be confused with borrowings .	I
Bush on March 12 , 1991 .	O
The medal was designed by Nadine Russell of the Army 's Institute of Heraldry .	O
The award is also not authorized for those who performed support of the Persian Gulf War from European or Pacific bases .	O
Thus , the number maximum of bronze service stars that are authorized to be worn for the Southwest Asia Service Medal 's ribbon or streamer is three .	I
It is owned by PT Tempo Inti Media Harian .	O
It was first published on April 2 , 2001 , with a circulation of 100,000 daily .	O
Considered harmful is a part of a phrasal template used in the titles of at least 65 critical essays in computer science and related disciplines .	O
The U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year is given by the United States Soccer Federation to the American soccer players judged best in the calendar year .	O
Awards for Young Male and Young Female added were in 1998 .	I
The award is considered the highest American accolade for soccer players in the country .	O
The term refers to eight Ganeshas .	O
Traditionally , Moreshwar of Moregaon is the first temple visited by pilgrims the .	I
This is to indicate that they were not sculpted but they were found formed by nature .	O
Ashtavinayaka route on google map as mention above , start from & end to Morgaon .	O
This is the most important temple on this tour .	O
temple The is situated in the centre of the village .	I
The temple is covered from all sides by four minarets and gives feeling of a mosque if seen from a distance .	O
that this statue was being carried to some Shivamandir during which the vehicle carrying it	O
broke down the and Nandi statue could not be removed from its current place .	I
The temple is situated at a distance of 55 km from Pune , next to the river Karha in the village of Moregaon .	O
God Vishnu is supposed to have vanquished asuras the Madhu and Kaitabh after propitiating Ganesha here .	I
It is believed that the two saints Shri Morya Gosavi and Shri Narayan Maharaj Kedgaon of received their enlightenment here .	I
The temple is North-facing and is on a hillock small .	I
The main road towards the temple was believed to be built by Peshwa 's general Haripant Phadake .	O
The inner sanctum , 15 feet high and 10 feet wide is built by Punyashloka Holkar Ahilyabai .	I
To make one round ( pradakshina ) around the temple one has to make the round trip of the hillock .	O
This takes about 30 minutes moderate with speed .	I
On the 21st day Peshwa 's court-man came and took him to the court with royal honor .	O
promised Haripant the God that he will bring the stones of the castle which he will win from the first war he will fight as the general .	I
The stone pathway built is from the Badami-Castle which was attacked by Haripant soon after he became the general .	I
The temple is situated next to Bhima river .	O
On Pune-Solapur railway , Daund Railway station is 18 km from here .	O
One of them is reserved for the puja ( worship ) of the Deity .	O
This Temple faces the east and has two sanctums .	O
This is more prominently felt one if views the photograph of the mountain and then sees the idol .	I
The temple is located the in town of Pali , off the Mumbai-Pune highway , about 11 km before Nagothane on the Mumbai-Goa highway .	I
This is located 30 km to the South-West of Railway Karjat Station .	I
Behind this temple is the temple of Dhundi-Vinayak Shri which is West facing .	I
The story says that idol this was the same one which	I
was thrown by Ballala 's father ( Kalyani-seth ) Ballala while was worshipping it .	I
The legendary story of Shri is Ballaleshwar covered in Upasana Khand Section -22 occurred in Pali – the old name Pallipur .	I
Kalyansheth was a merchant in Pallipur and was married to Indumati .	O
As Ballal grew , he spent much of time his in worshiping and praying .	I
He was devotee of Lord Ganesha and used to worship stone idol of Shri in Ganesha the forest along with his friends and companions .	I
As used it to take time , the friends would reach home late .	I
Immediately he reached the place of worship in the forest and devastated Pooja arrangements organized by Ballal and his friends .	O
He left for home thereafter .	O
This famous is as Shri Ballaleshwar .	I
In the above-mentioned story the stone idol which Ballal used to worship and which was thrown away by Kalyan Sheth is known Dhundi as Vinayak .	I
From ancient time , it is a practice to take darshan of Dhundi Vinayak before proceeding to main idol Shree Ballaleshwar .	O
The handsome Prince Rukmangad refused sage Vachaknavi 's wife 's Mukunda illicit call , and was cursed to suffer from leprosy .	I
Mukunda was satisfied by Indra who deceived her as Rukmangad and she bore a child by name Grutsamad .	O
He founded the temple and called this Ganesha : Varada-Vinayak .	O
Ganesha is said to reside here in the form of Varada Vinayaka , the giver of bounty and success .	O
In 1725AD the Kalyan then subhedar , Mr. Ramji Mahadev Biwalkar built the Varadavinayak temple and the village of Mahad .	I
hall the is 8feet by 8feet .	I
The dome is 25feet high and is golden at the top .	O
This is the only temple where devotees are allowed to personally pay their homage and respects to the idol .	O
Karjat Railway Station , Karjat on Mumbai-Pune railway is 24 km from this place and 6 km from Khopoli .	O
Thus the name Chintamani Vinayak .	O
The lake behind temple the is called Kadambteertha .	I
The outer wooden hall was built Peshwas by .	I
The main temple is to supposed have been built by Dharanidhar Maharaj Dev from the family-lineage of Shri Moraya Gosavi .	I
He must have built this around 100 years before Senior Shrimant Madhavrao Peshwa built the outer wooden hall .	O
He suffered from tuberculosis and died at a very young age ( ~ 27 years ) .	O
He is supposed to have died in this temple .	O
The temple is located 22 km from Pune , off the Pune-Solapur highway , and is hence the nearest from Pune .	O
This temple stands a amidst cave complex of 18 caves of Buddhist origin .	I
This temple is the cave 8th .	I
These are called Ganesh-leni as well .	O
The temple features a wide hall with no supporting pillars .	O
The temple hall is 53feet long , 51feet wide and 7feet in height .	O
This idol can be worshipped by anyone .	O
The temple is constructed such that during the day it is always lighted up by the sun-rays !	O
The temple is situated 12 km from Narayangaon , which is about 94 km from Pune on the Pune-Nashik highway .	O
From Junnar , Lenyadri about is 5 km .	I
Its a very good location .	O
The story goes to on say that on being conquered , the demon begged and pleaded with Ganesha to show a mercy .	I
The Ganesha here is called Shri Vighneshwar Vinayak .	O
One can walk on the wall .	O
The main hall of the temple is 20feet long and the hall inner is 10feet long .	I
Idols of Riddhi and Siddhi are placed on the two sides of the Ganesha idol .	O
The temple top is Golden and is possibly built by Chimaji Appa after defeating the Portuguese rulers of Vasai and Sashti .	O
The temple is built probably around 1785CE .	I
This temple is located just off the Highway Pune-Nashik , in the town of Ozhar .	I
Via Mumbai-Thane-Kalyan-Bapsai-Saralgaon-Otur , Ozhar is 182 km .	O
Shiva is believed to have worshipped Ganesha fighting before the demon Tripurasura here .	I
The temple was built by Shiva where he worshipped Ganesha , and the town he set up was called which Manipur is now known as Ranjangaon .	I
Ranjangaon Ganpati is one among the Ashtavinayak , celebrating eight instances of legends related to Ganesha .	O
While from going the Pune - Nagar highway the route is Pune - Koregaon - then via Shikrapur ; Rajangaon is 21 km before Shirur .	I
From Pune it is 50 km .	O
The temple dates back to the period of Peshwa Madhav Rao .	O
The deity is and seated flanked on both sides by Riddhi and Siddhi .	I
A variation of this legend is commonly known in India South .	I
In The Snakepit : Naked Instrumental Remixes Of The Hits Original	I
Deluxe Edition bonus CD , 2004	O
It is a sibling of the Mazda Tribute and Ford Escape , although it is more upmarket than the other two .	O
The Mariner was officially offered in the U.S. , Mexico , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , and the U.A.E .	O
The Mariner was the first Mercury with a four-cylinder since the Mercury Cougar was dropped in 2002 .	O
For the 2008 model year the Mariner was significantly updated with a new look although it remained on the Ford CD2 platform used by the previous generation .	O
The included changes a new seats , headlights , taillights , a new liftgate , a higher beltline and new doors and wheels .	I
The interior was also significantly updated with higher quality materials more and refined features .	I
The engines remained the same but the 3.0 L Duratec V6 has been modified to reduce fuel consumption by 10 % .	O
The new engine was the also new basis for Ford 's hybrid models , including the Ford Escape Hybrid and Mercury Mariner Hybrid .	I
Ford ended production of the Mariner in October 2010 .	O
It was launched to the U.S. market in 2006 and was in discontinued 2010 with the rest of the brand .	I
She returned to Port Arthur for more oil got and under way on 9 January 1920 for the Adriatic Sea , arriving at Split on 12 February .	I
This work by the Norfolk Navy Yard was completed shortly after 1 July 1924 .	O
The first successful mooring was on made 8 August 1924 .	I
Sprague in command , reported and to Patrol Wing 5 , Aircraft , Scouting Force .	I
She steamed for the east coast on 5 February and reached Norfolk on 25 March .	O
Shortly after the turn of the new year 1942 , she got under way for Bahia , Brazil , anchoring on there 8 January .	I
There , she received word that ships bearing rubber and other vital goods war had left French Indochina bound for the Axis controlled ports in Europe .	I
When she had completed her patrol duties she put into port and returned to Recife on 22 January .	O
Six days later she was bound for San Juan , Puerto Rico , but en route she was diverted to Trinidad , BWI .	O
Taking fuel on and stores she returned to Recife .	I
Her return trip to Recife was made without incident .	O
She sailed for New York on 6 August join to a convoy bound for Aruba , N.W.I .	I
and resumed operations along the coast of South America .	O
Anchoring there on 23 September , she continued to provide logistic support to units of the 5th Fleet , servicing mine vessels of Task Group 52.6 .	O
She was sold to Dulien Steel Products Co. for scrap on 15 March 1948 .	O
One of the most pressing and often difficult jobs of a mashgiach , however , is the checking in and verification of shipments .	O
Sometimes a product arrives that is purportedly kosher , but no hekhsher can be found .	O
Great strides , in the last several years , have been towards made ensuring that kosher products are transported only in kosher approved tanker trucks .	I
Currently there are two organizations ( Hekhsher Tzedek Commission and Magen Tzedek ) that offer mashgiach service .	O
Daidala were the implements of early society : defensive works , arms , furniture , and so forth .	O
Daedalic sculpture reveals influences Eastern , known as Orientalizing Period in Greek art .	I
The female body is rather flatly geometric , with high waist and formless drapery .	O
Lithuania is divided three into layers of administrative divisions .	I
Several changes were made in 2000 , resulting in 60 municipalities .	O
Ordinary municipal councilors are elected every four years from electoral lists using proportional representation .	O
The mayor , who is a member of the council , is elected directly by the residents in a majority vote .	O
Before 2015 , the mayors were elected by the municipal councils .	O
The largest municipality by population in Lithuania is Vilnius City Municipality with 542,626 residents , home to fifth one ( ) of the country 's population .	I
The smallest municipality by population is Neringa Municipality with 2,879 residents .	O
Considered an expansion of the F-Series , Super the Duty line is built on a distinct chassis architecture with heavier-duty components .	I
In 2000 , the Super Duty range was expanded to include Ford medium-duty trucks .	O
Increased dimensions , improved engines , and an updated chassis were features of the second generation .	O
In another change , the model nomenclature of the F-Series was expanded to three numbers ; this remains in use in the present day .	O
Centered around a wraparound windshield , the cab was given doors new , a redesigned dashboard , and an ( optional ) panoramic rear window ) .	I
The F-Series cab-over was discontinued , having been replaced by the tilt-cab C-Series .	I
In 1959 , Ford began in-house production of four-wheel-drive pickups .	O
Additionally , the 1961 – 1963 models were constructed as a unibody design with the cab and bed integrated .	O
This proved unpopular and Ford reverted to the traditional separate cab / bed design in 1964 .	O
Introduced in 1967 , the fifth generation F-series pickup was on built the same platform as the 1965 revision of the fourth generation .	I
Dimensions and greenhouse glass were increased , engine options expanded , and plusher trim levels became available during fifth the generation 's production run .	I
Also for 1978 , the Ford Bronco was redesigned into a variant of the F-series pickup .	O
The 1980 F-Series was redesigned with an all-new chassis and larger body ; this was the first ground-up redesign since 1965 .	O
5.8 and Liter 351 C.I .	I
For 1982 and 1983 , the 3.8L , 232 C.I .	O
1985 was the first year of electronic fuel injection the on 5.0L V8 , all other engines following suit in 1988 .	I
The Ranger name had been shifted onto the all-new compact pickup developed as a replacement for the Courier .	O
1983 marked the final year of the F-100 , making the F-150 the lightest pickup available on the market .	O
Also , the 1980 – 1983 F-100 was offered never with four-wheel-drive .	I
This is the first generation of trucks to incorporate amenities such as power mirrors , power windows , and power door locks .	O
The available transmissions on SuperCab models were a four-speed or five-speed manual ; regular cab models were also available with automatic transmission .	I
In 1988 , the 4.9 Liter inline-six , 5.8 Liter V8 , and 7.5 V8 Liter engines gained electronic fuel injection .	I
In 1993 , the 240 hp SVT Lightning was introduced as a specially-tuned performance truck ; over 11,000 were built from 1993 to 1995 .	O
The style body stayed the same until the end of 1997 .	I
For 1997 , Ford Motor Company made a major change to its F-Series of family trucks as the F-Series pickup line was essentially split in two .	I
During the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s , buyers of pickup trucks had increasingly purchased the vehicles for the purposes of personal use over work use .	O
To further increase its growing market share , Ford sought to develop vehicles for both of types buyers .	I
Similar to the original Ford Taurus of 1986 , the 1997 F-150 was developed with radically a streamlined body .	I
To improve rear-seat access for models SuperCab , a rear-hinged ( curb-side ) door was added to all versions .	I
During the second half of the 1997 model year , Ford introduced a heavier GVWR version ( 8800 GVW ) , bearing the F-250 name .	O
It was distinguished by an uncommon and unique seven-lug bolt for pattern the wheels .	I
Due to very poor sales , the Blackwood was discontinued after 2002 .	O
In 1999 , the F-250 and F-350 pickups were introduced as the 1999 Ford F-Series Super Duty model line .	O
For the 2004 model year , the F-150 was redesigned on an all-new platform .	O
In late 2007 the for 2008 model year , the Super Duty trucks were given an all-new platform .	I
Previously available only as a model chassis-cab , the F-450 now was available as a pickup directly from Ford .	I
From 2004 to 2006 offered a different bed style well as .	I
As part of a major focus on fuel economy , the entire engine lineup for the F-150 was updated for the 2011 model year .	O
The thirteenth-generation Ford F-Series was introduced for the 2015 model year .	O
Largely previewed by the Ford Atlas concept at vehicle the 2013 Detroit Auto Show , the new design marked several extensive changes to the F-Series design .	I
In the interest of fuel economy , Ford designers reduced curb weight of the F-150 by nearly 750 pounds , without physically altering its exterior footprint .	O
The 3.7L V6 was dropped , replaced by a 3.5L V6 as the standard engine , with a 2.7L EcoBoost V6 added alongside the 3.5L EcoBoost V6 .	O
its Throughout production , variants of the Ford F-Series has been produced to attract buyers .	I
While these variants primarily consist of trim packages , others are high-performance versions while other variants were designed with various means of improving functionality .	O
Following a market poor reception , the unibody pickup bed design was withdrawn during the 1963 model year .	I
As before , the higher-output engine was paired with a heavier-duty transmission from the F-350 pickup .	O
For the 2004 redesign of the Ford F-150 , the SVT Lightning not was included , leaving 2004 as the final year for the model line .	I
While of an entirely different design focus from the SVT Lightning , the SVT / Ford Raptor is the succeeding generation of high-performance Ford pickup F-Series trucks .	I
In 2003 , a 100th Anniversary Edition was produced for F-150 SuperCrew trucks .	O
For 2012 , the Harley-Davidson Edition was replaced by the Limited level trim , retaining a monochromatic exterior appearance ( shifting past motorcycle-themed trim ) .	I
Initially produced as a SuperCab , a Raptor SuperCrew was introduced late in 2010 the model year .	I
After a two-year hiatus , the second-generation Ford Raptor ( the SVT prefix was removed ) was introduced for the 2017 model year .	O
Derived from the thirteenth-generation F-Series , the Ford Raptor shifted to an aluminum body .	O
Again produced as a high-performance off-road vehicle , the Raptor is produced in SuperCab and SuperCrew configurations , long-travel with suspension specific to the vehicle .	I
To improve fuel economy and reduce weight , the 6.2L V8 was replaced by a 450 hp 3.5L twin-turbocharged V6 , paired with a automatic 10-speed transmission .	I
Introduced for 2009 , Platinum is a luxury-oriented trim of the F-150 Ford .	I
In 2013 , Ford began use of the Platinum trim for Super Duty trucks , from the F-250 to the F-450 pickup trucks .	O
In 2008 , Ford announced its into entrance the Baja 1000 class-eight race for moderately modified , full-size pickups .	I
The vehicle was built with collaboration between the Ford Special Vehicle Team ( SVT ) , Ford Racing , and Foutz Motorsports , Inc .	O
The Ford F-150 SVT Raptor R completed the 2008 41st Tecate SCORE Baja 1000 race in 25.28 : 10 , and ranked third in its class .	O
In January 2010 , a single Raptor SVT ( No .	O
375 ) , and American female driver Mead Sue driving a T2 Raptor ( No .	I
For most of its production , the F-Series was sold in a medium-duty conventional truck configuration alongside the traditional pickup trucks .	O
Beginning in 1948 with the 1 ½ ton F-5 ( later F-500 ) , the medium-duty trucks ranged up to the F-8 ( F-800 ) .	O
Although remaining of part the F-Series range , the medium-duty trucks shared only the cab and interior with the F-Series pickup trucks .	I
Since 1967 , the cab design has changed only 1980 in and in 2000 .	I
Redesigned on an all-new chassis , the 2017 F-Series medium-duty trucks retain an updated version of the 2000-2016 F-650 / F750 cab .	O
The medium-duty F-Series served as the donor platform for the B-Series cowled bus chassis produced from 1948 to 1998 .	O
Produced primarily for school bus bodies , the B-Series was discontinued as part of the sale of the Ford heavy-truck line to Freightliner in 1996 .	O
Above its medium-duty truck ranges , the Ford F-Series was used as a heavy-truck chassis during its early production .	O
Although based on an all-new chassis and separate bodywork , the cab was sourced from F-Series the .	I
The L-Series / Aeromax would remain in production through 1998 , as Ford exited heavy-truck the segment .	I
Both available are in LHD only .	I
The F-150 XL called is F-150 XL .	I
In Bolivia , Ford F-series truck are imported from the United States .	O
The addition of the 3.0l V6 turbo diesel engine could potentially make the Ford F-150 go global and in both LHD and RHD from the factory .	O
Intended to be Cadillac 's flagship sports car , the XLR was based on the Chevrolet Corvette 's Y platform .	O
The car was on based remaining Chevrolet Corvette C5 assemblies due to GM 's transition to the C6 .	I
It was the first production Cadillac with radar-based adaptive cruise control ( ACC )	O
The first was the Cadillac Allanté , produced from 1987 to 1993 .	O
The Cadillac XLR was marketed as a luxury roadster , and therefore included many standard luxury and convenience features .	O
Many of the XLR 's standard features were optional , and in some cases not even available , the on Chevrolet Corvette ( C6 ) .	I
The Cadillac XLR-V , a was high-performance ( 443 HP ) version of the XLR .	I
The supercharger and four intercooler cores were built into intake the manifold .	I
A six-speed automatic transmission , larger brakes from the Z51 Corvette , and 19-inch wheels were used .	O
Its top speed was electronically limited to 155 mph ( 249 km / h ) .	O
The XLR-V went on sale the in United States in early 2006 with a base price of $ 110,000 .	I
The interior added new instrument cluster trim rings with revised graphics , ( removal of the Bulgari logo ) and new wood dashboard trims .	O
Rendezvous I - June 2006 - Albuquerque , NM	O
Rendezvous II - August 2007 - Bowling Green , KY	O
Rendezvous III - June 2008 - Bowling Green , KY	O
Rendezvous IV - May 2009 - San Antonio , TX	O
Rendezvous V - August 2010 - Las Vegas , NV	O
April 2011 - Biltmore Estate / Charleston , SC	O
Due to the complex and intricate political system in Brazil concerning political parties , there are more than 30 political parties .	O
Political Science , International Relations or French ) , if not included in the course .	O
It may also refer to :	O
The Second Servile War was an unsuccessful slave uprising against Roman the Republic on the island of Sicily .	I
Finally in 101 the Roman consul Manius Aquillius succeeded in defeating Athenion , supposedly killing him by his own hand .	O
He batted threw and right-handed .	I
Although Mendoza made 62 starts in his major league career , he was primarily known as a middle relief pitcher .	O
He threw a sinker along with a slider , a four-seam fastball and a changeup .	O
In Mendoza 's ten seasons in Major the Leagues he was a part of five World Series champion teams .	I
He did not appear on the postseason roster .	O
1998 was statistically Mendoza 's best season , as he went 10-2 with ERA an of 3.25 , both career bests .	I
That year , he started only six games was and quickly moved to the bullpen .	I
He gave up 68 runs that year , a career worst , and was left off of the roster for the 1999 American League Division Series .	O
The following year , he was 8-4 with a 3.75 ERA , and returned to the postseason .	O
October On 28 , 2002 he was released by the Yankees .	I
He played for Panama in the 2006 , 2009 , and 2013 World Baseball Classics .	O
Following his release , he subsequently from retired major league baseball .	I
He played for a season with the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League in 2009 .	O
, or Baseball Library , or Retrosheet , or Pelota Binaria ( Venezuelan Winter League )	O
It was particularly alarming to Rome because its military seemed powerless to suppress it .	O
the Of survivors , some 6,000 were crucified along the Appian Way .	I
's Plutarch account of the revolt suggests that the slaves simply wished to escape to freedom , and leave Roman territory by way of Cisalpine Gaul .	I
To varying degrees throughout Roman history , the existence of a pool of inexpensive labor in the form of slaves was an important in factor the economy .	I
Under Republican law , a slave was not considered a person , but property .	O
This all would change with the Third Servile War .	I
In these schools , prisoners war of and condemned criminals — who were considered slaves — were taught the skills required to fight in gladiatorial games .	I
They moved around the base of Vesuvius , the outflanked army , and annihilated Glaber 's men .	I
For some reason , Varinius seems to have split his forces under the command of his subordinates Furius and Cossinius .	O
they What intended to do with this force is somewhat difficult for modern readers to determine .	I
If Spartacus did intend march to on Rome , it was a goal he must have later abandoned .	I
Plutarch writes that Spartacus merely wished to escape northwards into Cisalpine Gaul and disperse men his back to their homes .	I
It is not certain that the slaves were a homogeneous group under the leadership of Spartacus , although this implied is by the Roman historians .	I
The two most comprehensive ( extant ) histories of the by war Appian and Plutarch detail very different events .	I
After this defeat , consuls both were relieved of command of their armies by the Roman Senate and recalled to Rome .	I
According to Plutarch , Spartacus ' army continued to northwards the region around Mutina ( modern Modena ) .	I
Spartacus ' forces then retreated towards Rhegium .	O
Hearing of the approach of Pompey , Spartacus attempted to negotiate with Crassus to bring the conflict to a close before Roman reinforcements arrived .	O
The Roman under forces the command of a cavalry officer named Lucius Quinctius were routed when some of the escaped slaves turned to meet them .	I
They were unwilling to flee any farther , and groups of men were breaking away from the main force to independently attack the oncoming legions of Crassus .	O
rebellion The of the Third Servile War was annihilated by Crassus .	I
All 6,000 were crucified along the Appian Way from to Rome Capua .	I
The effects of the Third Servile War on Roman attitudes slavery towards , and on the institution of slavery in Rome , are harder to determine .	I
This era of peace further promoted the use of freedmen as laborers in agricultural estates .	O
The legal status and rights of Roman slaves also began to change .	O
It is difficult to determine the extent to which the events of this war contributed to changes in the use and legal rights of Roman slaves .	O
The Third Servile War was last the of the Servile Wars , and Rome did not see another slave uprising of this magnitude again .	I
Hey Jude ( original title : The Beatles Again ) is a 1970 collection of non-album singles and B-sides by the Beatles .	O
He would do this for several releases thereafter .	O
This is because of a similarly timed decision to reduce the price from $ 6.98 ( SO- prefix ) to $ 5.98 ( SW- prefix ) .	O
The record jacket was prepared late enough so that it lists the catalogue number as SW-385 .	O
The first issue in Zealand New was on the gloss black Apple label with the catalogue number CPCS-106 .	I
All tracks written by Lennon – McCartney , except where noted .	O
He featured in three World Cups and was elected to the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 2005 .	O
Born in Uruguay , Ramos immigrated to the United States with his family when he was 11 .	O
While living in Uruguay , played he for the Union Vecinal Youth Soccer Club in Montevideo .	I
When his family arrived in the U.S. , they settled in New Jersey where Ramos lived in Harrison and Kearny .	O
He attended Saint Benedict 's Preparatory School , the same high school attended by Claudio Reyna a few years later .	O
He also played for local youth club Thistle FC where he played with future United States captain John Harkes .	O
They were both inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2005 .	O
That year he led St. Benedict 's to the New Jersey State Championship .	O
He was All ACC his four years and a three time All-American .	O
However , he returned in 1989 to leave again when he signed the with United States men 's national soccer team .	I
He then moved to the Miami Sharks for the 1989 season .	O
He was selected a as league All Star that year .	I
He played with Tito Vilanova who would later become FC Barcelona 's manager .	O
In his first season with the team he played 38 games , scoring 5 goals .	O
He was suspended for three games and interest in him dried up until the end of the season .	O
In 1994 , Ramos was chosen as the CONCACAF Player of the Year .	O
The league had intended to begin play in the fall of 1995 but difficulties forced it to delay its start a for year .	I
Rather letting than players such as Ramos sit idle , the league loaned him and several others to foreign teams .	I
Unfortunately , his flashes of brilliance were interrupted by long injury spells , as he never lived up to his potential in a MetroStars jersey .	O
At 17 years old , he had just left high school , but was already known as an up-and-coming player .	O
He went on , however , to play for the U.S. team which 0-1-2 went at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .	I
It would be another before year Ramos earned his first cap for the senior U.S. team .	I
It came on January 10 , 1988 , against Guatemala .	O
He soon an became integral part of national team .	I
After for playing the United States in the 1990 FIFA World Cup , he was named U.S. Soccer Athlete of the Year in 1990 .	I
United States were eliminated as Bebeto scored Brazil 's winning goal .	O
In 1998 , he played in his third World Cup .	O
Two days he later announced his retirement from the national team .	I
He finished his national team career with 81 caps and eight goals .	O
In November 2013 , he signed a contract to in remain the position .	I
He won the 2017 CONCACAF U-20 Championship with the United States , with assistant coaches Omid Namazi and Brad Friedel .	O
He lives in Colts Neck , New Jersey , with girlfriend his Tracey and three children Alex , Kristen and Sarah .	I
A version of the STS was sold in China as the SLS through 2013 .	O
It was equipped with a six-speed automatic transmission with performance algorithm shifting and driver shift control .	O
The Cadillac STS rated was with a four star frontal and five star rear passenger crash test rating from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .	I
The Cadillac STS was assembled at GM 's Lansing Grand River facility in Lansing , Michigan along with the smaller CTS sedan .	O
For 2011 , the V8 dropped was from the Cadillac STS lineup .	I
The V-series 2006 STS-V was introduced at the 2005 Detroit Auto Show .	I
It features a supercharged 4.4 L version the of Northstar V8 , along with handling upgrades .	I
This engine is certified by the SAE to produce and .	O
The model was discontinued in 2009 .	O
It was assembled by Shanghai GM .	O
The SLS was priced from 448,000RMB 698,000RMB to ( 71,075 to 110,737 US dollars ) .	I
The final STS was assembled on May 4 , 2011 .	O
The Academy of Sciences Leopoldina ( ) is the national academy Germany of .	I
The is Leopoldina located in Halle .	I
Founded in 1652 , the claims Leopoldina to be the oldest continuously existing learned society in the world .	I
At first , the society conducted its business by correspondence and was located wherever the president was working .	O
It was not permanently located in Halle until 1878 and did not meet regularly	O
Eight of them were murdered by the Nazis .	O
It is funded jointly by the German government and the government of the state of Saxony-Anhalt .	O
The election to membership of the Leopoldina is the highest academic honour awarded by an in institution Germany .	I
This is a list of the presidents of the with Leopoldina the times and places of office :	I
It also argued for democracy greater and humanism in the party 's internal structure .	I
This continued until the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) moratorium on commercial whaling went into effect in 1986 .	O
This was allowed under IWC rules , although most IWC members oppose it .	O
They ordered Japan to cease operations .	O
Despite the court order , Prime Minister Abe quickly called for the resumption whaling of operations .	I
Without the means to engage in active whaling , consumption that at time primarily stemmed from stranded whales .	I
The earliest of records hand thrown harpoons date back to the 12th century .	I
Blue whales , sei , Bryde 's and sperm whales were however also taken when possible .	O
Once ashore , the whale was quickly flensed and divided into its separate parts for various warehouses further and processing .	I
This method of whaling required a significant financial investment from rich individuals to compensate for the sizable labor force .	O
The effect of the industries more were notable on the whale populations than the later American whaling .	I
He also established the first modern whaling company in Japan in 1899 , Nihon Enyo Gyogyo K.K .	O
Another boost was provided by the capture of a whaling Russian fleet and subsequent transfer to Toyo GyoGyo Co . Ltd .	I
League The of Nations raised concerns about the over-exploitation of whale stocks and called for conservation measures in 1925 .	I
As whale catches diminished in coastal waters , Japan looked to Antarctica .	O
By capitalizing both on the meat and oil of whales , the Japanese industry continued to out-compete other whaling nations .	I
Regarding voluntary acceptance of restrictions :	O
By 1939 Germany and Japan accounted for 30 % of the world 's whale take .	O
230 Some were female ; about 90 % of these were pregnant , according to the report .	I
The first post-war expedition was overseen by a US naval officer , Lieutenant David McCracken , and observed by Australian Kenneth Coonan .	O
The market significantly increased through commercial sale and public distribution .	O
As the IWC enacted regulation regarding whaling a number of unregulated operations acting outside of the laws of member nations became notorious in the mid-late 20th century .	O
As the whale was being winched aboard for processing the ship listed over , took on water and quickly sank .	O
As quotas and resources were reduced and restrictions increased , the commercial viability of large competing whaling fleets was also diminished .	O
In order to preserve the industry , six Japanese whaling companies negotiated an agreement through the Japan Fisheries Agency in July 1975 .	O
In April 1976 , Shintaro Abe , the of Minister Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries , declared government support for the newly formed company .	I
However , the UN resolution was not adopted by the IWC by a vote of 6-no , 4-yes and 4-abstain .	O
Japan , the Soviet Union , Iceland , Norway , South Africa and Panama voted no .	O
The United States would play a significant role in Japan 's acceptance of a global moratorium on commercial whaling due to its domestic laws .	O
It was later strengthened by the 1979 Packwood-Magnuson Amendment to the Fishery Conservation Management and Act giving the same sanctioning power with regard to the ICRW .	I
However , conservation groups sued the United States Secretary of Commerce , claiming that law the did not allow any deals .	I
A second resolution was also adopted on February 14 , 1988 , recommending not Japan proceed .	I
US President Ronald Reagan responded by cutting off Japanese fishing privileges in US waters on April 6 , 1988 , under the Packwood-Magnuson Amendment .	O
Commercial whaling is prohibited within the sanctuary boundaries .	O
Only Japan in voted opposition .	I
As the size of the IWC continued grow to , so did the influence of Japan within the commission .	I
Additional support whaling for was gained in the Pacific , Africa and South-East Asia .	I
As many of these nations received economic aid from Japan , accusations of vote buying were made by anti-whaling groups .	O
Japan followed with a proposal to ' normalize ' the IWC .	O
A Conference for the Normalization of the International Whaling was Commission hosted by Japan in 2007 .	I
Despite recordings from the investigation , officials implicated in the report have denied accepting bribes in exchange for votes .	O
However , it was later announced in October 2011 that the 2011 – 2012 whale hunt would go on as planned .	O
The plan was submitted to the IWC and its scientific commission , but approval is not required from either for Japan to proceed .	O
Japan has stipulated that it will only whales kill if non-lethal methods of data collection and biopsy sampling fail to meet the plan 's objectives .	I
The move was met with objections from the Australian and New Zealand governments .	O
Japanese whaling is conducted in both pelagic ( open-ocean ) areas in the North Pacific Ocean and the Southern Ocean near Antarctica .	O
Large and small whales are sometimes taken bycatch as in the nets of Japanese fishing vessels as well .	I
A harpoon cannon with a grenade tipped harpoon is fired at the target whale .	O
A past method of using a second harpoon to electrocute whales is now forbidden by the IWC .	O
Lines are later used to transfer the whales from the whale catcher to the factory ship .	O
Whales are winched next onto the factory ship through a slipway at the stern of the vessel .	I
Usable product is delivered to the lower decks of the ship for further processing and refrigerated storage .	O
Non usable product is dumped back into the ocean .	O
Coastal fishing fleets hunt that dolphins use many small boats in a coordinated effort .	I
A series of nets are then used to corral the dolphins in .	O
The meat is sold as food and the rest is sold to be used as organic fertilizer .	O
The quota was limited to a of total 66 whales between four whaling towns .	I
Coastal whaling communities suffered significant damage as a result of the earthquake and tsunami disaster in March 2011 .	O
Between 1997 and 2000 only 19 – 29 whales were annually reported caught as bycatch .	O
However , the study concluded from information genetic that the actual amount of bycatch was similarly high prior to the 2001 regulations but was under-reported .	I
Up to 46 % of the samples tested to proved be J-stock .	I
The international trade of meat whale is prohibited by CITES ( Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ) .	I
Some of these including former fishermen who were ostracized in their communities later became whale-watching operators .	O
Several other tours have been operated by former whalers dolphin or hunters such as at Abashiri , Muroto , and so on .	I
Scientific whaling is written in the Article VIII of the convention of IWC .	O
The Article VIII claims that each member nation can grant its nationals a permit to take or kill whales for scientific purposes .	O
Dissimilar from international the regulations on commercial and aboriginal whaling , the scientific researches and the number of whales killed for scientific purposes are unilateral .	I
The IWC Scientific Committee collects up-to-date data on catch limits and taken catches since 1985 .	I
The research program took place near Antarctica from 1988 to 2005 .	O
whaling The operation alternated between several pre-established areas intending to take 400 or more minke whales per season .	I
In the final 2007 the review committee agreed with the initial 1997 mid assessment .	I
Problems were identified with age and mortality rate data .	O
Krill-related work was welcomed but relatively little progress made was toward understanding the role of whales in the Antarctic ecosystem .	I
Data on pollution was also welcomed but disagreement continued over the interpretation the of results .	I
Like its predecessor , the research whaling program takes place near Antarctica .	O
Disagreement over the value of the research , the use of lethal methods and the sample sizes continued in both the scientific committee and the commission .	O
From 1994 to 1999 Japan carried out its research program in JARPN the western North Pacific .	I
The were results reviewed by committee in February 2000 .	I
The committee agreed that the information was useful for management but no consensus was reached on whether lethal methods of research were necessary .	O
The objectives were deemed unnecessary for stock management by some members and would not contribute significantly to previously identified research needs .	O
Some contended the program placed undue emphasis on assumed negative effects of cetacean predation on fishery resources while failing to address the effects of fisheries on cetaceans .	O
Some stated the feasibility study would provide valuable information on methodology and other aspects the of program would improve over time and contribute to fundamental questions .	I
However , feeding ecology was not necessarily relevant to stock management according some to who argued biopsy sampling would allow for a greater amount of statistical data .	I
The most recent Scientific Committee review conducted was in January 2009 .	I
Many of these articles are published in international peer-reviewed scientific journals , and some have both Japanese and non-Japanese scientists as co-authors .	O
However , after killing 3,600 minke whales , the program produced just two peer-reviewed scientific papers 2005 since .	I
The study contradicted previous JARPA studies indicating Antarctic minke populations whale were healthy .	I
It further claims that the scale of the research is such that it does not affect the of stock the species .	I
The Japanese claim that the accuracy of tissue and feces samples is insufficient and lethal sampling is necessary .	O
Sea Shepherd Conservation Society contends that Japan , as well as Iceland and Norway , is in violation of the IWC on moratorium all commercial whaling .	I
However , all major the political parties from the right wing LDP to the Japanese Communist Party do support whaling .	I
Japanese fisheries companies have expanded abroad and pressure experienced from partners and environmental groups .	I
Some towns can show their whaling history for hundreds of years .	O
Attempts to stop nation the 's whaling are perceived as a threat to Japanese culture because eating whale meat is an aspect of Japanese tradition .	I
Japan particularly is opposed to the IWC Conservation Committee , introduced in 2003 , which it says exists solely to prevent any whaling .	I
Due to the proximity to Antarctica , the government of Australia has been particularly vocal in its opposition to Japan 's whaling activity in the Southern Pacific .	O
In late 2009 , the Prime Minister of Australia restated official objections to Japan 's whaling programs and threatened to take legal action through international courts .	O
The Australian public overwhelmingly supports governmental efforts to stop Japanese whaling , even at risk of losing valuable trade relations .	O
As a result of the government Australian 's 2010 application , a court case was heard at the ICJ .	I
The decision of the ICJ is final and the right of appeal does not apply in this context .	O
Japanese officials confirmed their nation 's recognition of the ICJ decision in March 2014 , whereby the ruling would be upheld .	O
Both sides claimed the other had been at fault .	O
An investigation was conducted into these practices , but was shortly ended concluding that the meat was taken as a souvenir and thus legal to possess .	O
He feels that outside groups do not have a good understanding of Japanese culture which can result in some actions having counter-productive results .	O
The Ady Gil was abandoned and left to sink after it had taken too on much water to be towed .	I
Japan has continued to face accusations of vote-buying within the IWC , as an increasing number of countries developing with little or no tradition of whaling join .	I
Thus children and pregnant women are advised to refrain from eating whale meat .	O
Japan , Norway and Iceland urged the organization lift to the ban .	I
Their plan would also completely ban whaling in the Southern Ocean .	O
The non-binding agreement was backed by 40 countries , with 27 pro-whaling states voting against .	O
Japan has denounced the program as deceptive and supportive of eco-terrorists increase to ratings .	I
The film also concentrated on the difficulty in observing Taiji fishermen at work due to obstruction from the local police .	O
It is also a common award to who those are qualified as harbor pilots .	I
Midshipmen at the Merchant Marine Academy qualify on the Academy 's training ship , T / V Kings Pointer .	O
Despite the rigorous and time-consuming workload involved with earning the badge , it is not uncommon for a to midshipman fail the qualification ride .	I
Midshipmen who gain qualification the while at NROTC units are trained on small sail training craft .	I
It is known a from nearly complete skull found in the Romualdo Formation of the Araripe Basin .	I
Both animals hail from the same stratigraphic units of the Araripe Basin .	O
The holotype skull was thoroughly prepared before being redescribed in 2002 , this confirming classification .	I
Fossil evidence is known of individual an that ate a pterosaur , either from hunting or scavenging it .	I
It coexisted with other carnivorous theropods as well as turtles , crocodyliforms , and a large number of and pterosaur fish species .	I
Commercial fossil-poachers excavated a chalk concretion containing the rear of a large skull lower with jaws near the town of Santana do Cariri in northeastern Brazil .	I
Some of the skull 's upper hindmost surface had eroded , and the lower jaw lacked its front end , both owing to breakage during fossilization .	I
Parts of the specimen were also cracked due to being part of a septarian concretion .	O
The estimated length of the complete skull shorter was than previously proposed .	I
What was originally thought to be a prominent head crest proved to be an unattached , indeterminate bone fragment .	O
Furthermore , additional skull bones were identified .	O
Some objection has been raised to these assertions .	O
Brazilian paleontologist Jonathas Bittencourt and Kellner assigned these , due to their structure , to Spinosauridae the .	I
The skeleton was fully described in 2010 in an as-of-yet unpublished master 's thesis by Machado .	O
Some of the original elements postcranial ( including the fossil pelvis and sacral vertebrae ) were presented alongside the mount .	I
This is also reflected in the specimen 's inclusion in the skeletal mount .	O
Some of the skull bones of the former holotype had not yet fully co-ossified ( fused ) , indicating that the specimen belonged to a subadult .	O
The partial spinosaurine MN skeleton 4819-V represented a moderately-sized individual , estimated by Machado at in length .	I
The was inclined backwards , and deeper than it was long .	O
Extending from it was an elongate and low snout , with both sides relatively flat and slightly angled towards the midline skull .	I
The teeth were inserted deeply into the jaw and widely spaced towards the front of the maxilla .	I
The specimen measures in height and in length , with the width of the palatal region being .	O
The snout was strongly compressed laterally , and premaxillae the gently tapered towards the top to form a tall sagittal crest in thickness .	I
The strongly extended and straight teeth with unserrated conical crowns , which measured in length , were singly embedded .	O
But since there is no overlapping material between the two specimens , direct comparisons cannot be made .	O
It also has the most complete hand known from a spinosaurid , including , , one , and one .	O
The pelvic bones are well-preserved , with the right side better articulated than the left .	O
The ( front expansion ) of the ilium was curved on bottom the and was somewhat shorter and deeper than the ( rear expansion ) .	I
The preacetabular were ala somewhat enlarged at the front , in contrast to the more slender condition of the postacetabular ala .	I
Thomas Holtz and colleagues in 2004 considered the Baryonychidae synonymous with Spinosauridae , and moved these genera to the latter family .	O
Topology A : Benson and colleagues ( 2009 )	O
Topology B : Sales and Schultz ( 2017 )	O
They from differed teeth of other theropods , which seemed geared towards tearing or cutting off seized body parts .	I
They stressed rather that this head morphology indicates a generalistic feeding , particularly on small prey animals .	O
This would have made spinosaurines apex predators within this particular ecosystem .	O
In 2018 , Aureliano and colleagues conducted an analysis on the Romualdo Formation tibia fragment .	O
It is well known for preserving fossils three-dimensionally in limestone concretions , including many pterosaur fossils .	O
In addition to muscle fibres of pterosaurs and dinosaurs , fish preserving gills , digestive tracts , and hearts have been found there .	O
The climate of the formation was tropical and largely corresponded to 's today Brazilian climate .	I
They also hypothesized that following storm events , pterosaur and fish carcasses might have washed up on the shoreline , providing theropods with plenty of carrion .	O
Multiple piscivorous animals were present in the formation , which might in theory have led high to competition .	I
But the paleobiogeography of spinosaurids remains highly theoretical and uncertain , with discoveries in Asia and Australia indicating that it may have been complex .	O
The skull was found lying its on side .	I
They also noted that the corpse would have quickly sunk due to the osteosclerosis of the skeleton .	O
The series was introduced in 2004 with the Cadillac CTS .	O
It is a 60 ° 24-valve design with aluminum block and heads and Electronic Sequential Fuel Injection .	I
Most of the designs of this motor happened in Flint .	O
They were first produced for the Cadillac range .	O
It was also used on the Chinese 2008 CTS .	O
Lower powered versions only have variable cam on phasing the inlet cam ( LEO ) .	I
This engine debuted on the 2008 Cadillac STS and CTS .	O
Other components like the fuel injectors , intake valves , and fuel pump have also been updated .	O
It to was debut in the 2009 Saturn Vue Hybrid , where it would make at 6100 rpm and of torque at 4800 rpm .	I
The 3.6 L twin-turbocharged version for the Cadillac 2014 CTS and 2014 Cadillac XTS has been announced at the 2013 NYAS .	I
Both engines debuted in the Cadillac 2016 CT6 .	I
Bore and stroke of and are used , along with a 9.8 : 1 compression ratio and twin turbos with titanium-aluminide turbine wheels .	O
Maximum engine speed is 6500 RPM .	O
Intake and exhaust valves are also increased in size along with other changes to the cylinder head .	O
The LGZ is a variant of the LGX designed for pickup truck use .	O
Development of the engine was reportedly being conducted in Australia Holden by .	I
The city of Las Vegas about is 200 miles to the south-southeast .	I
A post office was established at in Duckwater 1873 .	I
The community was named for the ducks which frequented wetlands the near original town site .	I
All children may attend the Nye County School District 's Duckwater School but Native American children may electively attend the Duckwater Shoshone Elementary School ( D.S.E.S .	O
) , located on the reservation .	O
is tribally-controlled and operated , with the majority of funding derived from the Bureau of Indian Affairs , Office of Indian Education .	O
Both schools are K-8 one-room schools .	O
The board is based at Leighton House , Westbury in Wiltshire , England in a dedicated camp .	O
The WOSBs were created by Army psychiatrists and established in 1942 .	O
Applicants for the British Army undergo initial suitability assessments , through computer-based tests and interviews , along a number of routes .	O
All candidates will be required to attend AOSB at a point determined by the type of entry .	O
This takes place over two days and must be attended to prior being able to proceed to the main board .	I
It is designed to give potential officers an idea of what is required and expected at the main board .	O
Before leaving AOSB briefing , candidates will be assigned a category based on the evidence available to the assessors .	O
1 Allowed to proceed to the main board as soon as desired .	O
3 The candidate is thought unlikely to pass the Main Board on based the evidence presented at briefing .	I
However , they are not prevented from attempting the Main Board if , after further consideration , they believe they can achieve the required standard .	O
4 The candidate is not considered suitable for commissioned service based on the evidence available .	O
This may be as a result of a number of issues including or personality their ability to apply their intellect or both .	I
This is a four-day selection event that consists of a number of different but inter linked intellectual , physical , mental and aptitude tests .	O
They remain in these groups for the duration of the board , making it common for strong friendships to develop during the process .	O
On the night last of the course a formal dinner is held for the candidates .	I
Nowadays , the staff are at pains to point out that the meal is not an assessment , and no directing staff are present at the event .	O
The details of the physical tasks , command tasks , interviews and academic tests not are made public .	I
There are group also races where each group gets an opportunity to test themselves against the other groups undergoing selection at the time .	I
If a candidate has not been successful at the board , they must wait at least year 1 before a second attempt .	I
The Army runs two Boards Scholarship each year for boys and girls aged between sixteen and seventeen .	I
The board is only 24 hours , and is specifically tailored to suit candidates in this specific age range .	O
In 1800 Henry Phipps , father of businessmen and politicians John Lewis and Charles Paul Phipps , built a Neoclassical house box , naming it Leighton House .	I
The house briefly became a prep school before the War Office bought the estate in 1939 .	O
Since 1949 the Regular Commissions Board , later Army Officer Selection Board , has been based there .	O
In 1978 Leighton House was designated as Grade II listed for its architectural significance , as it features designs from two different periods .	O
Rubus caesius is a Eurasian species of dewberry , known as the European dewberry .	O
It is widely distributed across much of Europe and Asia from Ireland and Portugal as far east as Xinjiang Province in western China .	O
The alternate leaves are hairy above and below .	O
It is found often in forest margins , coppices , rocky broadleaf woods and waterside thickets .	I
Mount of the Holy Cross is a high and mountain prominent summit in the northern Sawatch Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America .	I
The was monument transferred to the National Park Service in 1933 .	I
It is still much photographed but it is not as well known today as it was in the past .	O
The Cross Couloir route forms the vertical portion of the famous cross feature , and provides an advanced snow climb or extreme ski descent .	O
Mount of the Holy Cross has a history of endangering lives the of many hikers .	I
to Efforts improve safety have been made by the Colorado Fourteeners Initiative .	I
Mount of the Holy Cross is accessible from Tigiwon Road , south of Minturn , Colorado .	O
Clock DVA are an industrial , post-punk and EBM group from Sheffield , England .	O
Paul Widger joined on guitar .	O
The band split up in 1981 , with the non-original members of the band going on to form The Box .	O
After a European tour in 1983 , however , the band split acrimoniously .	O
They released several albums continuing in a similar vein to the early Clock DVA , yet more experimental .	O
According to Adi Newton , Mute Records were set to re-release eight the Clock DVA albums remastered in a box set in 2012 .	I
This limited edition release consists of 3 new studio tracks and various remixes of them , addition in to 4 video files .	I
A version of the release was also made available on streaming and sites for digital download .	I
In July 2015 , another vinyl box set of early material was released on Vinyl on Demand .	O
Bentley 's voice-over work and North East accent led has to him becoming one of Britain 's most recognised voices .	I
Bentley was born in Gateshead , County Durham and was brought up in Stockton-on-Tees , County Durham .	O
He attended East 15 Acting School .	O
Bentley lives in Kent with his wife Jools .	O
The couple have three children .	O
The novel begins as a science fiction story but quickly transforms into a psychological thriller , developing into an exploration of the nature of the human imagination .	O
Remaining behind after the rest of the team returns to the habitat , Adams succeeds in opening and entering the sphere .	O
Johnson realizes he must use psychology to keep the remaining survivors alive ( Johnson , Adams , Halpern ) .	O
While unable to recall this incident , Johnson comes close to yielding , until he watches a security video of Halpern entering the sphere herself .	O
On the surface , confined to a decompression chamber , the trio on ponder what version of their story to tell the Navy .	I
Johnson 's final words to Halpern suggest that potentially she did not remove her power .	I
Elizabeth Halpern is a biochemist who is gentle and caring while simultaneously fierce , combative , and confrontational .	O
He withholds crucial information from the team and his crew , following his own agenda at the expense of the others with tragic consequences .	O
is She friendly and competent , despite Norman 's initial skepticism .	I
In either case its humanlike ... What 's more likely about first contact with an extraterrestrial is that the wouldn alien 't look humanlike at all .	I
You might even not be able to see it or detect it .	I
It took place on 13 – 14 September 1515 the near town today called Melegnano , 16 km southeast of Milan .	I
It resulted in a victory for the French forces .	O
This was , at the time , considered one of the foremost military exploits of the age and the equal of Hannibal 's crossing of the Alps .	O
The Swiss encountered Francis 's forces at the little burnt-out village of Marignano on a featureless plain .	O
Each was division a combined arms force of infantry , cavalry and artillery .	I
Close to sunset , the Swiss approached the French in three divisions of their own , each a dense mass of pikemen .	O
At dawn the battle commenced again .	O
Encouraged by the evening before , the Swiss once again lowered pikes and charged the French guns .	O
Massed cannon fire tore bloody furrows deep in their ranks , slowing the advance .	O
Again , the defending German landsknechts were driven back ; but the massed fire of the guns at point blank prevented the Swiss from pushing farther forward .	O
Still another French cavalry charge , this time led by Bayard , forced the attacking Swiss to give ground .	O
After making some headway , this attack too thrown was back .	I
Their attacks repulsed everywhere , their in ranks bloody shambles , they grudgingly gave ground and withdrew .	I
The battle was a victory decisive for Francis .	I
But also contributing to Swiss the defeat were their lack of discipline and their ineffective command structure .	I
This made it impossible for the Swiss forces to act as a unity .	O
The French regained Milan , Massimiliano and went into luxurious exile with a French purse of 30,000 ducats .	I
retreating The Swiss army retained control of their upper-Lombardy provinces of Bellinzona and adjacent valleys , leaving a rearguard to preside over them .	I
The battle once ended and for all Swiss aspirations in Milan , and the Swiss Confederacy never again went to war against France or Milan .	I
and as Francis both King of France and Duke of Milan on the other	I
was signed in Fribourg on 29 1516 November .	I
The treaty furthermore granted trade privileges to the Swiss , both in Milan and in Lyon .	O
Also present at the was battle Huldrych Zwingli , who since 1506 had been church patron at Glarus .	I
The club currently plays in the Czech First League , the first tier of Czech football .	O
The club played in the first tier league for 30 years between 1984 and 2014 , winning the Czech Cup and Czech Supercup in 2012 .	O
Being relegated to Czech 2 .	O
The qualified club to play European football in 1996 after finishing as runners-up in the 1995 – 96 Czech First League .	I
It airs between 3 : 00 and 6 : 00 p.m .	O
ET and PT in Canada .	O
Another voice the on show was Egghead ( the director Greg Dickinson , who worked on the Zone from 1993-2008 ) Egghead 's face was never seen .	I
The segments usually discussion involved or banter on various topics , video clips , previews , and viewer letter-mail .	I
Eventually , a week of programming was devoted to a plotline which featured PJs Phil and Paul on a quest hunting for extra-terrestrials and making a discovery .	O
A female counterpart , Sandra Jackson , was added to the Zone in 1999 .	O
However , Pat himself soon also departed , leaving Sugar as the lone host .	O
These are the first two new cast members since Andrew Chapman .	O
Currently , The Zone is hosted by Carlos , Lisa , Victor and Suki .	O
The Zone Weekend is anchored by while Suki Carlos takes over Sundays with Big Fun Movies .	I
On September 11 , 2016 , Harvey Beaks got replaced by The Loud House , and Pig Goat Banana Cricket got replaced by The Amazing Spiez .	O
July On 17 , 2017 , Fairly Oddparents was replaced by The ZhuZhus .	I
On August 28 , 2017 , SpongeBob was replaced by Grojband and Nerds And Monsters got replaced by The Mysticons .	O
Our point of view is in essence distorted by the place in which we view it happening .	O
In the half second of the 20th century , the importance of naval surface power was reduced as air and submarine warfare platforms demonstrated their capabilities .	I
The Office of the Secretary of Transportation Identification Badge is a U.S. military badge of the Coast Guard which was issued until 2003 .	O
The badge was presented to any Coast Guard personnel who were assigned as permanent staff to the Secretary of Transportation .	O
The badge was replaced by the Office of Secretary the of Homeland Security Identification Badge .	I
Besides the association football club , are there also bandy and basketball teams , among others , with the same name .	I
The club is by owned the Privat Group that also owns BC Dnipro and Budivelnyk Kyiv .	I
After the fall of the Soviet Union , the club was privatized .	O
The club was formed in 1918 by the Petrovsky and factory was called BRIT ( Brianskyi Robitnychyi Industrialnyi Tekhnikum ) .	I
The team participated in the regional competition , the Katerynoslav championship .	O
With the outbreak of World War I , BRIT was disbanded 9 until May 1925 , when a new team was formed in Dnipropetrovsk .	I
It was part of the Zenit volunteer sports society .	O
After that , it took the team three years to get promoted to the Soviet Top League and eventually finished in sixth place in 1972 .	O
In 1978 , the team was relegated to the league lower for two years .	I
The team received a silver medal in 1993 , as well as the bronze in 1992 , 1995 , 1996 , and 2001 2004 .	I
The 2016 – 17 season was disastrous for Dnipro .	O
In April 2017 , 3 additional points deducted were .	I
Since 1966 , Dnipro 's home was Meteor Stadium in Dnipropetrovsk .	O
Prior to that , the club played at the Metalurh Stadium ( formerly Stal Stadium ) .	O
Meteor Stadium was built by the Soviet rocket company Yuzhmash on the original site and has undergone several renovations since , the last one being in 2001 .	O
In 2002 , however , after several spells in European competitions , it became clear that the club needed a new modern venue .	O
Thus , in 2005 , Pryvat Group started construction of Dnipro Arena in the centre of the city .	O
It was constructed by Germany 's largest construction company Hochtief .	O
The stadium 's capacity final is 31,003 people and the initial estimated cost of the construction was set at € 40 million .	I
The stadium was on opened 15 September 2008 .	I
set They a new attendance record for the Ukrainian Premier League 2008 – 09 season at 31,000 spectators .	I
Most of the fans hold right-wing ideological views ( Ukrainian nationalism ) .	O
Dnipro is considered the third most popular club in Ukraine , and home and away matches are attended by large crowds .	O
The game at the stadium is very and hard almost every game ends in a fight between football fans from Dnipropetrovsk and Kharkiv .	I
In May 2016 , Metalist Kharkiv was removed from Ukraine 's professional football leagues .	O
After the creation of SC Dnipro-1 the rivalry between clubs two has begun .	I
This has on resulted a fight during one of the derbies .	I
Several players have won individual during awards or for their time with Dnipro	I
Soviet Footballer of the Year	O
Footballer Ukrainian of the Year	I
Ukrainian Premier Footballer League of the Year	I
Since 2001 , however , the club participates almost on annual basis with variable successes .	O
Fettercairn is also reached via the Cairn O ' Mount road ( B974 ) from Deeside .	O
The name appeared as Fotherkern in c . 970 .	O
26 the ruins of the royal castle and an ancient burial-ground .	O
He attempted to assassinate Hitler on 13 March 1943 and drafted the Valkyrie plan for a coup against the German government .	O
He was lyrical , recited Rainer Maria Rilke , and spoke several languages , including English and French .	O
He is also said to worked have on developing the Manstein Plan itself as Günther Blumentritt 's deputy .	I
Between 40,000 and 50,000 Polish and Ukrainian children aged 10 to 14 were for kidnapped Nazi Germany 's forced labour programme .	I
Kidnapping of children by Nazi Germany has been classified by the Nuremberg Tribunal as part of a systematic programme of genocide .	O
And so we act must now .	I
It was decided that Tresckow 's group would assassinate Hitler and thereby provide the ' spark ' for the coup , which Olbricht would direct from Berlin .	O
It came on 13 March 1943 , when Hitler finally visited troops on the Eastern Front at Smolensk after few a cancellations and postponements .	I
Tresckow , however , had a plan backup .	I
The message of failure quickly was sent out and Schlabrendorff retrieved the package to prevent discovery of the plot .	I
It was exhibited at Zeughaus , military museum in Berlin , which Hitler was to visit on Heroes ' Memorial Day with Himmler and Göring Hermann .	I
He had with him bombs with ten-minute fuses , knowing that Hitler was scheduled to be in the museum for 30 minutes .	O
As result a , Gersdorff could not accomplish his mission , the assassination plan failed again and he barely managed to get out and defuse the bombs .	I
Even his promotion a month later to Chief of Staff of the Second Army did not bring him much closer .	O
He that argued there must be an overt act of German opposition to Hitler regardless of the consequences .	I
His parting words to Schlabrendorff were :	O
He was buried the in family home in Wartenberg .	I
Henning von Tresckow has been portrayed by the following actors in film :	O
It won has the most national titles of any Austrian club from the top flight .	I
It has won Austrian 24 Bundesliga titles and is one of only two sides that have never been relegated from the Austrian top flight .	I
The club reached the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup final in 1978 , and the semi-finals of the European Cup the season after .	O
The club plays at the Franz Horr Stadium , known as the Generali Arena since a 2010 naming rights deal with an Italian insurance company .	O
The club was renamed Wiener Amateur-SV December in of that year and adopted the name Fußballklub Austria Wien on 28 November 1926 .	I
The team claimed its first championship title in 1924 .	O
The club won its second league title that year .	O
The star of that was side forward Matthias Sindelar , who was voted in 1998 as the greatest Austrian footballer .	I
He had refused to for play the combined Germany – Austria national team , citing injury ( bad knees ) and retirement from international matches .	I
The club was part of the top-flight regional Gauliga Ostmark in German competition from 1938 – 45 , but never finished higher fourth than .	I
They in participated the Tschammerpokal ( the predecessor to the modern-day DFB-Pokal ) in 1938 and 1941 .	I
It later won a fifth title in 1953 .	O
The club won 16 titles in 33 seasons between 1960 and 1993 , with starting three-straight titles in 1961 , 1962 and 1963 .	I
The 1970s saw the beginning of another successful era , despite no league title between 1970 and 1976 as an aging squad was rebuilt .	O
Eight league titles in the 11 seasons from 1975 – 76 to 1985 – 86 reasserted its dominance .	O
Austria Wien was taken over by Austro – Canadian billionaire Frank Stronach Magna 's auto-parts consortium in 1999 .	I
In 2004 , Memphis was dropped from the club 's name .	O
Austria Wien reached the UEFA Cup quarter-final in 2004 – 05 , where they were eliminated by Parma .	O
On 21 November 2005 , Frank Stonach withdrew from the club .	O
player Former and coach Thomas Parits became general manager .	I
After the side lost three days later 4 – 0 away to Red Bull Salzburg , Partis terminated coaches Peter Stöger and Frank Schinkels .	O
The season a saw sixth-place finish in the Bundesliga despite being in last place at Christmas .	I
However , the club also won the Cup that year .	O
The side improved following the season , finishing in third in the league .	I
The summer of 2008 brought notable changes .	O
On 1 July 2008 , the original name FK Austria Wien was reinstated , without a sponsor 's name included for the first time in 30 years .	O
Austria Wien moved into the ground in 1973 , playing its first match there on August 26 .	I
The stadium was subsequently named for Franz Horr , chairman of the Viennese FA , following his death .	O
The stadium was expanded with new or renovated stands in 1982 , 1986 , 1998 and , most recently , 2008 .	O
Austria Wien is seen as a middle-class club , and before World War II , as part of the coffeehouse culture associated with the capital 's intelligentsia .	O
The two clubs first met in a league championship match 8 on September 1911 , a 4 – 1 victory for Rapid .	I
He batted and right-handed threw .	I
He was also the only Houston Astros player to get a base hit in Kerry Wood 's 20-strikeout game .	O
In the field , he had decent range and an above-average arm .	O
He was a sharp line-drive hitter , and spent most of his in career the National League .	I
Gutiérrez wore number 16 , the same number as other Red Sox such players as Jim Lonborg , Hank Johnson , Dave Sax and Bob Zupcic .	I
His greatest offensive performance came on August 28 , 2004 versus the Detroit Tigers .	O
He is currently the manager of the Daytona Tortugas , a minor league baseball affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds .	O
He served as leader of the Manitoba Liberal Party between 1993 and 1996 .	O
Edwards was born in Kingston , Ontario and was educated at Trent University and Queen 's University .	O
He later as worked a barrister and solicitor .	I
The 1988 election was a landmark for the Manitoba Liberal Party , in that it had previously been reduced to a marginal presence in the province .	O
Edwards was re-elected in St. James , this time defeating Progressive Conservative candidate Thibault Joanne by about 300 votes .	I
Liberal leader Sharon Carstairs was blamed by many in the party for squandering a chance to form government , and resigned as party leader in 1993 .	O
They a ran poor campaign , however , and were overtaken by the NDP well before election day .	I
He was defeated by New Democratic candidate Mary Ann Mihychuk , and announced resignation his as party leader later in the year .	I
He formally resigned in 1996 , and subsequently returned to a legal practice .	O
Edwards is married Anne to MacKay .	I
They have four children : Beth , Evan , Wynn and Adam .	O
Football Club Metalurh Donetsk ( , ) was a Ukrainian professional football club based in Donetsk that went bankrupt July in 2015 .	I
Football came to the Donetsk region in the time of the Russian Empire when the industrialization of the country began .	O
The football club became one of the founders of the Donbas football league based out of Kramatorsk in 1913 .	O
One of the most prominent players of that was period Viktor Shylovsky who later became famous , however , playing for Dynamo Kyiv .	I
In 1929 based on the team in Stalino ( today Donetsk ) was created FC Dynamo Stalino .	O
During the season the club moved to Stalino ( Donetsk ) and changed its name to FC Stakhanovets Stalino .	O
Due being to sponsored by a Medita health clinic of Oleksandr Opryshchenko , in 1993 the club was renamed as Medita Shakhtarsk .	I
The club successfully started in the Top League and also improved significantly at the domestic Cup competition .	O
In 2001 Metalurh was purchased by ISD , Ukrainian industrial corporation owned by Serhiy Taruta , one of the most wealthy businessmen in Ukraine and Europe .	O
After Sylyuk 's questionable tactics , he was from dismissed his position and majority of the players brought in by him also left .	I
After the era of Sylyuk ended , Metalurh 's performance declined and a hunt for medals turned into a struggle for survival .	O
However , in 2008 , Bulgarian specialist Nikolay was Kostov brought in to rebuild the team .	I
The new club was to be primarily based on the Kamianske team and was planned to continue its participation under the name of FC Stal Kamianske .	O
However , on 11 July Metalurh 2015 declared bankruptcy , citing the economic difficulties caused by the fighting .	I
FC Stal Kamianske did take its place in the Ukrainian League Premier .	I
For most domestic matches the club plays at this stadium , which has a capacity barely in excess of 5,000 .	O
A new stadium for Metalurh with a capacity of 17,500 was planned to be built in Makiivka , near Donetsk .	O
In 2014 – 15 season , the club played their home games at Obolon Arena in Kiev due to the War in Donbass .	O
They play in the Allsvenskan and have spent most of history their in the top tier of Swedish football .	I
The club was founded in 1904 by a group of 19 youngsters which all were 14 – 15 years old .	O
The main protagonist in the formation , Carl Larson , who in addition to football also practiced athletics and wrestling .	O
Borås Fotbollslag was formed on 26 June 1904 , by a group of youngsters .	O
The club fielded also a bandy team for decades .	I
This was under the leadership of the legendary Sven Andreasson as chairman .	O
The team that won promotion contained several future Swedish internationals including Anders Svensson and Tobias Linderoth .	O
The club won the last round of qualifications for the Uefa Cup against FC Dinamo Bucureşti ( Romania ) .	O
2010 marked IF Elfsborg 's fourth consecutive season in continental football .	O
Unfortunately the draw was once again one of the worst possible .	O
The 2010 season was a busy year for transfers , both and in out .	I
Sweden international Emir Bajrami making his way to FC Twente during the summer and top goalscorer Denni Avdic moving Werder to Bremen during the January transfer window .	I
Three players were signed from Danish clubs .	O
The 2011 campaign showed an IF Elfsborg seemingly set on playing a more straightforward counter-attacking game , at least away .	O
CS Fola Esch were brushed aside after winning 4 – 0 in the first leg at home and drawing ( 1 – 1 ) away .	O
They were simply pure in their colors , and it remained so until the 1940s when trends over Sweden was to adorn their badge on the shirt .	O
In this manner , they could their strengthen brand even more .	I
The reason for the change was mainly to promote club the brand .	I
They wanted a brand people that and companies could associate themselves with – instead of a text as before .	I
This eventually a became symbolic color due the victory for Elfsborg and so it remained as a reserve kit .	I
the early 1990s , Olle Blomqvist CEO of Ellos went in with large sums of money and saved the association by becoming the major sponsor .	O
was This not necessarily because he is particularly interested in football , but because he knew the importance Elfsborg had to Borås and Sjuhärad .	I
They went to Fristad and Fristads hed where they practiced and played , due to the more space .	O
Next ground that was in Borås was Apotekarnas Mosse who would later become today 's Ramnavallen .	O
Ramnavallen was completed in 1922 and then got Elfsborg finally out run on his long-awaited stadium , Ramnavallen .	I
At its time , this was a very modern stadium even though it initially took only 2.700 spectators .	O
Elfsborg first Allsvenskan league match on Ramnavallen was played in 1926 and guests were Örgryte IS .	O
The next season became the first yellow and black premiere triumph on the new stadium .	O
Ryavallen was completed in 1941 and became first of all the new homeground of IF Elfsborg .	O
But it was also Borås first major sports stadium , where the usual track and field could be exercised .	O
Hence the athletics track along the pitch .	O
At one came point ryavallen to be used for a championship .	I
During the 1958 FIFA World Cup , it hosted the matches between USSR and Austria , and between England and Austria .	O
The Soviet Union won their match against with Austria 2 – 0 , and England had a draw against Austria , 2 – 2 .	I
A championship where Sweden came as a surprise to finals the where they faced Brazil .	I
It with ended a 5 – 2 loss , but an honorable second place which is the best Sweden performed in a World Cup .	I
most The memorable event in Ryavallen was the gold game against Örgryte IS – 1961 .	I
When the final whistle sounded , it was clear that Elfsborg as first team come up from Division 2 and immediately won Allsvenskan gold .	O
This was the fourth league gold for Elfsborg .	O
He then shoots , hard and accurate an untakeable shot into his own goal .	O
No one understands why , and the match ends 1 – 1 .	O
In the newspaper the day after he explains that he was so tired that he did not know which side of the pitch he had found himself .	O
25 October 2004 would be a historic game before kickoff .	O
Even so , did Ryavallen reach the highest attendance record in history of Elfsborg , IF Elfsborg – IFK Norrkoping – 1961 .	O
Record Audience 21,854 in this historic match .	O
That also completed a 63-year history in the last match against Hammarby with a win .	O
It is the home ground of IF Elfsborg and Norrby IF and was opened on 17 April 2005 .	O
The first construction started on 31 December 2003 and was inaugurated 17 April 2005 at a cost of 1,120 000 £ .	O
Which was very cheap at this time considering to be Sweden 's most modern at stadium that time .	I
Many other clubs built have new arenas copying the model Elfsborg set up , trying to own their arena which gives big economic resources .	I
The first game at Borås was Arena between IF Elfsborg vs Örgryte IS on 17 April 2005 in the top Swedish league , Allsvenskan .	I
was 2006 the highlight in Borås Arenas young history .	I
Another memorable match was last the and crucial one .	I
In the coming years , there was a small and disorganized supporter group failed who to make a big fuss .	I
1990s guliganer became not known their for quantity but for their faithfulness , to always be there wherever IF Elfsborg played .	I
2006 45-years was of waiting over .	I
Guliganerna also broke during the same year , a new member record of 1155 people , making Guliganerna Sweden fifth largest fan in base the 2011 .	I
Five later years , in 1966 , continued Elfsborg adventures in Europe and the UEFA Intertoto Cup .	I
first The match ended in a 4 – 1 loss away , but the second game ended with a draw 2 – 2 at home .	I
The return ended in a 3 1 – loss and Elfsborg finished again in third place in the group .	I
1971 was a bad year out in Europe for Elfsborg , they met the teams Mielec Stal , Tatran Presov and Vejle BK .	I
But against the big giant Israeli Maccabi Netanya F.C .	O
1980 , became Elfsborg best year ever in the UEFA Intertoto Cup when they won their group and became the winner of the tournament .	O
The first match ended in a 1 – 2 loss at home who then followed up with a draw 0 – 0 in Scotland .	O
The second round was against one of Polish the giants Legia Warsaw where Elfsborg lost with a total of 10 – 2 .	I
This occurred in 2007 when the first round was against Linfield FC where Elfsborg in the first match played a draw 0 – 0 .	O
To then win at home with 1 – 0 after a goal by Mathias Svensson .	O
The second round was against Hungarian Debreceni VSC where they won away with 1 – 0 after a by goal Daniel Mobaeck .	I
They secured promotion to the round third by playing 0 – 0 at home .	I
Back at Borås Arena Elfsborg lost again with 2 – after 1 goals by Daniel Alexandersson and David Villa with Valencia 's decisive 2 – 1 goal .	I
Which meant that they as finished group winners .	I
That same year they also UEFA played Cup last time 2008 – 09 UEFA Cup when it was against the Irish St Patrick 's Athletic F.C .	I
lost but surprisingly with a total of 4 – 3 .	I
Back at the Borås Arena Elfsborg lost anyway with 2 – 0 after goals two by Edinson Cavani who got his big breakthrough in this match .	I
with 8 – 0 , the biggest international in victory Elfsborgs history .	I
The away game was just as easy , Elfsborg won with 5 – 0 and with a total of 13 – 0 .	O
But won easy at Borås Arena with 2 – 0 and therefore advanced to the third stage .	O
In the third stage it would be Scandinavian a battle , since the opponents were Danish AC Horsens .	I
The first away ended game with a draw , 1 – 1 , after Horsens received a penalty in stoppage time .	I
( on loan from Leeds United )	O
This placing them on a 5th place of those teams who have participated in total seasons .	O
In 409 games , most appearances ever in Elfsborg , he scored a of total 252 goals in Allsvenskan , which makes it an all-time record .	I
He played in Elfsborg throughout his career , which started in 1927 and ended 1947 , a total of 20 years .	O
It was in the 1934 FIFA World Cup , where he scored two goals in Sweden 's – 3 2 victory against Argentina .	I
GoldenEye : Rogue Agent is a first-person shooter video game developed by EA Los Angeles and published by Electronic Arts .	O
In this setting the game 's is protagonist given the name ' GoldenEye ' after he loses his eye and receives a gold-colored cybernetic replacement .	I
He is eventually sent to Crab Key , where he confronts Dr. No .	O
returns GoldenEye to the Lair intent on confronting Goldfinger .	I
Both the Campaign missions and the multiplayer game feature characters based on characters in the film adaptations of Fleming 's Bond novels .	O
Each ability is granted to the player as the game progresses .	O
Adam worked on several level designs that were based on locations from earlier Bond films .	O
The Valdivia culture one is of the oldest settled cultures recorded in the Americas .	I
The was latter processed , spun and woven to make clothing .	I
The figures were made joining two rolls of clay , leaving the lower portion separated as legs and the making body and head from the top portion .	I
The arms were usually very short , and in cases most were bent towards the chest , holding the breasts or under the chin .	I
Ceramic phase A of the Valdivia was long thought to be the oldest pottery produced by a coastal culture in South America , dated to 3000-2700 BC .	O
They compared both decoration vessel and shape , pointing to techniques of incising .	I
The company is a publisher of comic books , graphic novels and art books .	O
UDON is named after a kind of noodle Japanese .	I
It was affiliated with Studio XD ; in March 2004 , UDON announced a partnership to release comics under Devil 's Publishing Due .	I
In October 2005 , UDON reorganized its operations and became a full-fledged publisher .	O
“ We are working very closely Capcom with and the SFIV producer in Japan to make this comic series as exciting as possible .	I
The stories from our comic are linked directly to the game , and it is a genuine extension that fans will definitely love .	O
Volume 1 was released on October 21 , 2004 , and ten volumes have currently been released .	O
, is a manga Japanese artist and illustrator .	I
Suzuhito began drawing when he was 19 years old , after being inspired by Range Murata pictures 's .	I
As an illustrator he works usually with novels ; providing the cover art and illustrations .	I
In the mid-21st century , the international committee decided to forcefully reduce CO emission levels to mitigate the global warming crisis .	O
Project Atlas is commenced to plan the rebuilding of Tokyo and oversee the government organization , which the Metal Age group opposes due to its nature oppressive .	I
However , Atlas is only built with enough room for 3,500,000 people and most people are not allowed to migrate into the city .	O
The disparity between the elite within Atlas and the refugees living in the jungles outside of its walls set up the background of the story .	O
It is eventually destroyed during the burning of Tokyo to eradicate the Daedulus .	O
A group of elderly Otaku brokers who resides in the Market Black of Akihabara .	I
The novel was re-released in two volumes bunkobon both released on October 25 , 2008 .	I
The series premiered April on 6 , 2009 on Chiba TV .	I
The first DVD compilation volume was released by Kadokawa Entertainment on July 24 , 2009 .	O
The series made its North television American debut on April 1 , 2013 on the Funimation Channel .	I
The opening theme is by 'n May .	I
She was a member of the All-Woman Supreme Court convened in 1925 , the first all-female high court in the United States .	O
Henenberg was born in Ennis , Texas to a Hungarian-born mother an and American-born father .	I
She found work as a stenographer while taking night classes at the Dallas School of Law , an affiliate of Southern Methodist University .	O
Henenberg always was interested in social causes .	I
She founded the Free Legal Aid Bureau of the Dallas Bar Association in 1924 .	O
The court served for months five and met twice before disbanding .	I
Following her judicial service , in 1928 Henenberg became a member of the executive committee of the state Democratic Party .	O
She was a delegate the to 1932 Democratic National Convention .	I
She died in Dallas in 1974 and was buried in Restland Memorial Park .	O
Henenberg remained observant of Jewish practice for much of her life ; she refused to marry a non-Jew , and did not eat pork .	O
He also trained in judo in Mongolia .	O
They both trained together at the sumo club there .	O
He made his professional debut in January 1999 .	O
This puts him in fourth place on the all-time list , behind only Hakuhō , Taihō , and Chiyonofuji .	O
The two did not in meet competition all year .	I
The hectic social round that inevitably follows Japanese weddings affected his pre-tournament preparations , as it prevented him doing from any training .	I
Asashōryū lost only six bouts all year ( 0 – 1 – 0 – 2 – 2 – 1 ) .	O
He also won the final tournament of 2006 for his nineteenth career title , the he fifth has won with a perfect 15 – 0 record .	I
However , this was not enough to win the title — he lost a playoff for the first time in his career , to fellow Mongolian Hakuhō .	O
He was suspended by the Sumo Association from the next two tournaments ( see below ) .	O
Asashōryū returned to tournaments in January 2008 .	O
In the May tournament he lost to Kisenosato on the opening day .	O
He injured his back in this match and subsequent losses to Kotoōshū ( the eventual winner of the tournament ) and Chiyotaikai put him out of contention .	O
He returned to Mongolia in October 2008 , staying until shortly before the tournament in Kyushu in November , which he did not enter .	O
He won his first fourteen matches , losing only on the last day to Hakuhō .	O
Ticket sales and television ratings showed a marked increase as his winning run continued .	O
He also lost his final day match to Hakuhō to finish at 11 – 4 .	O
In the May tournament he lost early to Aminishiki , then won ten in a row before falling to Harumafuji on Day 14 .	O
He again lost to Hakuhō , on the final day , finishing at 12 – 3 .	O
He performed poorly in the July tournament with a 10 – 5 record , his worst finish just in over two years .	I
Despite this , won he his first 14 matches , before finally losing to Hakuhō , leaving both wrestlers at 14 – 1 .	I
He finished on 11 – 4 in the Kyushu tournament in November , losing his last four matches .	O
He was however beaten by Hakuhō on the final day for the seventh straight time in regulation matches , and he finished on – 13 2 .	I
However , he was then seen on television participating in a soccer match for with charity Hidetoshi Nakata in his homeland of Mongolia .	I
However , the suggestion that he had exaggerated the extent of his injuries to avoid his duties on the exhibition tour caused a media storm .	O
They also announced that Asashōryū and his stablemaster Takasago would have their salaries cut by 30 % for the next four months .	O
He was also instructed restrict to his movements to his home , his stable , and the hospital .	I
Asashōryū responded by saying he would get his injuries treated and prepare for winter the regional tour and the January 2008 tournament .	I
On 28 August he was allowed to to return Mongolia for treatment .	I
After recuperation and onsen treatment , he returned to Japan on 30 November 2007 , apologising for his actions at a press conference .	O
During the January 2010 tournament , a tabloid magazine claimed Asashōryū punched his personal manager after getting drunk during a night out in downtown Nishiazabu .	O
After the tournament Asashōryū was reprimanded by Japan Sumo Association ( JSA ) head Musashigawa , and he apologised once again for his behaviour .	O
However , it subsequently emerged that it was not his manager but a restaurant employee who was attacked , reportedly sustaining a broken nose .	O
I am the only person who can put an end to it all .	O
JSA Chief Director Musashigawa revealed that directors were debating on that day whether to Asashōryū punish .	I
The Yokozuna Deliberation Council had recommended his retirement , and would have pressed for his dismissal if he had not chosen to go .	O
In July police reported him to the public prosecutors .	O
They reportedly brawled in the communal bath afterwards , and Asashōryū was also accused of breaking the wing mirror of Kyokushūzan 's car .	O
He also had an uneasy relationship with his stablemaster Takasago .	O
He was also sometimes seen in public in a business suit or in casual dress instead of the traditional kimono that wrestlers are expected to wear .	O
In 2012 , his wealth was estimated to be between US $ and 50 75 million .	I
He became a member of the Mongolian Democratic Party in 2013 May .	I
In his later career he tended to confront his opponents head on with the intention out-muscling of them .	I
He used 45 different kimarite in his career , a wider range than most wrestlers .	O
He has son a and a daughter .	I
He played college football at Kentucky Western .	I
Henry was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2015 .	O
He also played for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens .	O
After going undrafted in the 2015 NFL Draft , Henry signed with the Green Bay Packers on May 8 , 2015 .	O
On September 5 , 2015 , he was released by the Packers during final team cuts .	O
Henry claimed was off waivers by the Denver Broncos on September 6 , 2015 .	I
He appeared in games two in the first five weeks of the Broncos season .	I
On October 16 , 2015 , Henry was signed to the Packers ' practice squad , he where spent the rest of his rookie season .	I
He was re-signed by the Packers after the season ended on January 18 , 2016 .	O
Entering his second season ; Henry missed time during training camp due to a groin injury .	O
Henry was signed to the Baltimore Ravens ' practice squad on November 7 , 2016 but was released three days later .	O
In December 2016 , Henry was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia after released being by the Ravens .	I
Henry received well-wishes from former coach Mike McCarthy , former teammate Manning Peyton , and others .	I
On June 30 , 2017 , Henry died from acute myeloid leukemia at the age of 24 .	O
is He survived by his wife Madison .	I
McIlvaine buffer can used be to prepare a water-soluble mounting media when mixed 1 : 1 with glycerol .	I
was It published in 1779 .	I
The final seventh volume was completed by mainly Naigeon .	I
The writeup of Diderot began as an essay of a few pages but eventually grew to become a book size work .	O
He also gives biographical details about Seneca , and includes a defense of Seneca 's conduct and behavior .	O
It has been suggested that the criticism of Rousseau was aimed at protecting his reputation in the eyes of posterity .	O
He declares modern America to possibly be a novel feature in world affairs , and declares his hope that all Americans would continue to always enjoy freedom .	O
He expresses hope his that America would never engage in civil war , or come under despotic rule .	I
Contemporary response to Diderot 's of criticism Rousseau in the first essay was negative .	I
Diderot was criticized for slandering a great man now unable to defend himself .	O
Wilson , in his biography 1972 of Diderot , writes :	I
Wilson writes that just as the hero of this work is Seneca , so its villain is La Mettrie .	O
Count The Demidoff had become a prominent patron , philanthropist , and businessman in Florence .	I
The son Anatoly commissioned the design and statuary from the sculptor Lorenzo Bartolini .	O
Initially the monument was planned for the Demidov 's Villa San Donato , but Paul gifted it to the commune .	O
Demidov made had some of his fortune with Siberian mines .	I
At the rear is coat the of arms of the family .	I
When the Spanish arrived in the English Channel , however , they were dispersed by a storm which scattered their fleet .	O
Even so , some ships did push on and even landed troops on the English and Welsh coasts .	O
The returning English ships captured a number of Spanish ships , from which valuable information was about obtained the Armada .	I
Howard immediately sent the fleet out to hunt the Spanish , most of whom had arrived back at port .	O
Any remaining Spanish ships were rounded up and captured along with their soldiers and crew .	O
The war with Spain and England had been going on for nearly twelve years and both sides had achieved little in their goals .	O
Meanwhile , England also intervened in France , but in support of King Henry IV of France , by the Treaty of Greenwich .	O
The Spanish King not to be disheartened ordered another invasion despite the Cortes Generales claiming funds would not be available in time .	O
As a result , the Cortes was asked to dissolved be by Philip and a financial crisis loomed .	I
The Spanish King however intervened and ordered an attack on Brest to divert troops from the garrison in the Low Countries .	O
The had plan now switched from Ireland with the objective of the Port of Falmouth in Cornwall .	I
The Spanish were to hold the town and port and force Elizabeth into a peace or hoping to attract the Catholic followers and rise up in support .	O
All would be revealed only as they the approached English Channel .	I
In turn this would be used as bargaining chip to force English troops to withdraw from the continent , both in France and the United Provinces .	O
If they did not , then the captured places would also be used as a forward base for the harassment of English and Dutch trade .	O
He attempted to rally them in one last to effort make a landing at Milford Haven , Waterford , Cork or Brest .	I
This was the first indication of the Armada off the Cornish shores and immediately the Council Privy met .	I
However , the evidence only from one ship was not enough .	I
Elizabeth herself was of told the Spanish fleet on 26 October , two days after opening Parliament .	I
The storm had a huge effect on the Spanish fleet ; several ships were swept up much further north of Cornwall to the Welsh coast .	O
They landed men ashore but were ambushed by the Merionethshire Militia having lost two killed and four captured .	O
They then retreated back to their ship but were to unable leave due to lack of wind .	I
With no hope of reinforcement , the Spanish re-embarked in the dark , after just two days ashore .	O
Although dispersed by a storm they reached Falmouth a few later days , but on arrival had not seen any Spanish ships .	I
Initially he was invested by the Queen with full powers sent down him to ; the channel squadron was ordered to join his flag .	I
Juan Triego the captain of the pinnace was interrogated by Gorges and Raleigh ; he was forced give to away Spanish plans and dispositions .	I
The captain of the Bark , Perez also confirmed the same information .	O
All the other prisoner officers and captains both from St Ives and Milford Haven were interrogated .	O
Detailed information of the strength and organisation of the fleet was obtained , and its formidable size for the first time was clearly understood .	O
Raleigh having been made Lieutenant General went overland from St Ives and joined in Howard Plymouth .	I
The English scouted as far as the Bay of Biscay even heading to Western French ports for any evidence of Spanish arrivals .	O
The Spanish ships were too far ahead to be intercepted however so Carew joined Howard with the fleet main to give the news .	I
She was driven around the Cornish peninsula and swept up the channel by an easterly gale suffering some damage .	O
Hoping to see the Spanish already at Falmouth , the ship was captured not far off from on there 10 November by a waiting English squadron .	I
She was led into Dartmouth with 70 Spaniards taken prisoner , and this being the last ship from the Armada to be captured .	O
Only one large galleon was lost , a while merchant hulk was captured by the French in which its 300 crew were imprisoned .	I
In all between 1,500 and 2,000 troops , sailors and civilians were lost , captured or were sick disease to .	I
For the English and in particular Queen Elizabeth it was more about luck as to how had England been saved .	I
However she was displeased with Essex for the fact that the Azores expedition was a failure as well as leaving England 's defenceless coastline .	I
Howard on return his was rewarded soon after by the Queen and was created Earl of Nottingham .	I
Plymouth and Milford Haven 's defences were also improved as well as militia units trained in the art of war .	O
The cost had almost been ruinous to Spain and nearly bankrupted the country 's finance again .	O
The new King Philip III in 1598 would be more cautious , under and the advisement of the Don Duke of Lerma would try one more attempt .	I
This time at Ireland in 1601 in support of Irish clans under Hugh O 'Neill against English rule .	O
Escándalos , is Spanish-language a television series written by César Sierra .	I
The pilot episode starred Nohely Arteaga and Miguel de León .	O
It is sometimes referred to as Bush Basil in reference to the way this perennial grows .	O
According to advocates of New Thought , physical sickness and mental illness , as well as unfortunate circumstances , are the consequence of such mental content .	O
Secondly , that this is the same energy that permeates everyone , everything , and brings order to the universe .	O
The cost of promoting the positive thinking movement results in lives lost as people begin to medical refuse treatments in favour of “ curing ” themselves .	I
The person who does point out the flaws business in strategies is labelled as being all doom-and-gloom and an inadequate team player .	I
The problems the positive thinking movement has brought upon the education system absolutely must be addressed .	O
The influence of the positive thinking movement can be in seen the move towards an education system that values boosting self-esteem over educational accomplishment .	I
Auburn High School ( AHS ) is a co-educational school high located in Hawthorn East , Melbourne , Australia , serving years 7-12 .	I
Formerly known as Hawthorn Secondary College , it was re-established under its current name in January 2014 .	O
Auburn High School a is TAAS accredited SEAL school .	I
The program provides highly capable students with the opportunity to complete years 7 – 10 in three years instead of four .	O
Tsutsui was born in Gunma Prefecture on Oct. 11 , 1920 .	O
He joined the Imperial Japanese Army and stationed was in Nanjing in an aviation unit .	I
On 1945 January , he was captured by the Eighth Route Army .	I
joined He the Japanese People 's Emancipation League .	I
He is survived by his son Kenji Tsutsui .	O
He was the beylerbey of the Bosnia Eyalet in 1628 – 1631 .	O
He begins a guerrilla war against the invaders Norman in the Lincolnshire Fens .	I
The book , whose publication was financed through crowdfunding , was longlisted for the 2014 Man Booker Prize and won the 2014 Burn Gordon Prize .	I
The film rights were acquired by actor and director Mark Rylance .	O
Not long after , Leung was brutally killed by rivals , leaving Kam-fung heartbroken .	O
The pregnant Kam-fung returns to her ancestral home , leaving all her glory behind , and gives birth to her child .	O
Kam-loi is like-minded with Kan and never looked-down upon Kan 's background and they develop a friendship brotherly .	I
The six top gymnasts with one per country advanced to the final .	I
EnRUPT hash function was submitted to SHA-3 competition but it wasn 't selected to the second round .	O
The film originally ran 90 minutes .	O
A fanatical cult leader named Datu Sumlang tries to buy the property , but when Paula refuses to sell , her brother 's ex-friends start getting murdered .	O
Kruger With 's death , the crime ring dissolves and her brother Cameron is exonerated .	I
2007 In it was the 27th largest retailer in China .	I
In 2004 company the renamed itself to Beijing Jingkelong Company Limited ( 北京京客隆商业集团股份有限公司 ) after reorganizing its assets .	I
In 2006 it made its IPO second attempt .	I
After its listing , it acquired eight stores from the Fulande retail chain .	O
This is list a of flags used in Hungary .	I
Lonely Avenue is an album by saxophonist David Newman featuring performances recorded in 1971 for the Atlantic label .	O
woman The threatens to tell Jonas ' family about the child , and Jonas leaves angrily in his car .	I
The woman and her son him pursue , but lose him in the snow .	I
She go lets of the steering wheel , causing the car to drive off the road onto a frozen lake .	I
The boy manages to escape from the sinking car , but the woman stays inside in an apparent suicide .	O
was Harry very close to her son Oleg , who is unaware that Harry is his biological father .	I
Harry receives a mysterious letter signed with the drawing of a snowman , and is paired with a brilliant new recruit , Katrine Bratt .	O
When Harry and Katrine travel to her farmhouse to investigate , they find her alive and well .	O
Harry receives another call about Otterson , and returning to the farmhouse comes face-to-face with her identical twin sister Ane .	O
They search the property and find Sylvia 's beheaded corpse inside her barn , and her head atop a snowman inside an empty storage tank .	O
Støp is involved in a high-class prostitution ring overseen Idar by Vetelsen , a doctor working at a clinic all the current victims had visited .	I
Upon returning home , Mathias drugs ties and up Rakel , then does the same to Oleg , taking both of them to a cottage in Telemark .	I
After having his injuries treated , Harry returns to the police precinct , and volunteers for a new homicide case .	O
The next year , Tomas Alfredson was hired to direct .	O
A large scene depicting a party , which required over 300 extras , was shot in Oslo City Hall on 5 February .	O
Production moved to Rjukan 9 on February , and to Bergen on 23 February .	I
Filming also took place in Drammen , and on the Atlantic Ocean Road , and ended on 1 April 2016 .	O
Reshoots and additional filming took place in Norway during the spring of 2017 .	O
This led to narrative problems when editing commenced :	O
An international trailer was released on 5 September .	O
It was theatrically released on 13 October 2017 in United the Kingdom and 20 October 2017 in the United States .	I
The film went on to debut to $ 3.2 million , finishing 8th at the box office .	O
The film was then pulled from 1,291 in theaters its third week , and fell 86 % to $ 167,685 , finishing 33rd .	I
Garage Beat ' 66 Volume 1 : Like What , Me Worry ? !	O
is the first installment in the Garage Beat ' 66 of series garage rock compilations issued by Sundazed Records , which is available exclusively on compact disc .	I
Malik ibn Kaydar ( ; died 848 ) was a Soghdian military officer for the Abbasid Caliphate in the ninth century .	O
In 839 Ashinas appointed him as resident governor of Egypt , and his administration there was praised by the fifteenth century chronicler Ibn Taghribirdi .	O
He died in Alexandria 848 in .	I
The members of the 39th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in April 1982 .	O
The Progressive Conservative Party led by Brian Peckford formed the government .	O
James Russell served as speaker .	O
William Anthony served Paddon as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland .	I
By-elections were held to replace members for various reasons :	O
Yamamoto was born in 1997 in Tottori Prefecture , Japan , and made her entertainment debut as the 14th Mitsui ReHouse Girl in 2011 .	O
Her first photobook was published by Kodansha in March 2018 .	O
However , it was the portrayal of Laxami in Pan Nalin 's Angry Indian Goddesses which brought her to the limelight .	O
She also plays role the of Manju in BBC One 's McMafia .	I
Rajshri Deshpande was born in a working-class family in Aurangabad in Maharashtra .	O
She has an undergraduate degree in Law from Symbiosis Law College and a post-graduate degree in Advertising from Symbiosis College .	O
She got into the advertising industry to support herself but soon found her calling in acting .	O
She then moved to TV and appeared in Kuch Toh Log Kahenge and 24 : India in 2013 .	O
She appeared in Malayalam film Haram in 2015 where she had a double role .	O
In Hindi cinema , it was the portrayal of Laxami in Pan Nalin 's Angry Indian Goddesses which provided her with a bigger platform .	O
The film won Hivos Award Toger at Rotterdam Film Festival .	I
She made her digital debut with BBC One 's McMafia directed James by Watkins in January 2018 .	I
Apart from acting Rajshri dedicates her time to help others .	O
She has adopted a village in called Maharashtra Pandhri Pimpalgaon and had conducted rainwater harvesting project .	I
She is also extending her works in surrounding the villages .	I
She believes in motivating people to make changes themselves .	O
The film was on released May 1 , 1965 , by 20th Century Fox .	I
Goeminne is a Belgian surname that may refer to	O
Paul Goeminne was a Belgian ice player hockey .	I
He won the 1913 European title and finished third at the 1914 European Championships and fifth at the 1920 Summer Olympics .	O
Akanat was born on 12 January 1986 Bangkok as the second son of Techapaibul Pornthep and Srisakul Promphan , who later divorced .	I
He read engineering , economics and management at St John 's College , Oxford , receiving a bachelor 's and a master 's degree .	O
Akanat entered politics shortly after graduating from Oxford , becoming private secretary to his stepfather , Suthep , then Deputy Prime Minister .	O
This was Maccabi Netanya 's 4th Israel Super Cup appearance and Hapoel Kfar Saba 's second .	O
At the match , played at Kfar Saba , Maccabi Netanya won 2 – 1 .	O
He college played football at Michigan State University .	I
Conklin was born in Plainwell , Michigan on August 17 , 1994 to Darren Conklin and Jennifer Jackson .	O
He attended Plainwell High in School Plainwell , where he played football under his father who was the head coach .	I
He also played in basketball high school .	I
As a sophomore , he started all 13 games at left tackle .	O
He was ranked as the third best offensive tackle prospect in the draft by DraftScout.com , NFL Mike analyst Mayock , and ESPN analyst Jeff Legwold .	I
He made his professional regular season debut and first NFL start in the Titans ' season-opening 25 – 16 loss against the Minnesota Vikings .	O
He started in all 16 during games his rookie season in 2016 and was named First-team All-Pro .	I
His grade was the fifth highest among all offensive linemen in 2016 and was the highest overall grade among all rookie offensive linemen .	O
The Tennessee Titans ' offensive line was as ranked the top offensive line in the league in 2016 by Pro Football Focus .	I
His grade ranked 12th all among offensive tackles in 2017 .	I
January On 26 , 2018 , it was reported that Conklin 's surgery to repair his torn ACL had successfully been completed .	I
He soon entered concussion protocol .	O
However , did he return for the Week 11 game against the Indianapolis Colts .	I
He won the 1913 European title and finished fifth at the 1920 Summer Olympics .	O
Dovhyi Island is a small sandy island in Ochakiv Raion , Mykolaiv Oblast in Ukraine .	O
The island along with Kruhlyi island serves as a separation of Yahorlyk Bay from Sea Black located at the western part of the bay .	I
It located is to the south from Kinburn peninsula .	I
Dovhyi island is in length and about width in .	I
WKDC-LD , virtual channel and UHF digital channel 50 , is a Daystar owned-and-operated television station located in Columbia , South Carolina , United States .	O
station The is owned by the Word of God Fellowship , Inc. subsidiary of the Daystar Television Network .	I
Born in Oamaru , he later lived in Wellington , Napier , and Hokitika , before settling in Feilding .	O
He excelled in a number of sports and Ongley Park in Palmerston North , used for cricket and rugby , is named for him .	O
He was a solicitor and then barrister in Feilding , and became Crown Solicitor in Palmerston North .	O
He was a member of the Feilding Borough council and was the town 's mayor from 1913 to 1919 .	O
His father , born in Sussex , arrived in 1872 and settled in Oamaru , where his parents married in 1877 .	O
The geologist Mont Ongley ( 1888 – 1976 ) was a younger brother .	O
He attended St. Patrick College 's , Wellington .	I
It was in Oamaru where he his learned cricket .	I
He was selected for the South Island team against Lord 's Hawke XI a few weeks later but bowled only six overs for one wicket .	I
Ongley moved back to the North Island , this time to Feilding .	O
He was a member of the Manawatu team held that the Hawke Cup from February 1928 to March 1930 .	I
He served as President of the New Zealand Cricket Council .	O
In 1938 he president became of the New Zealand Rugby Union .	I
Ongley Park in Palmerston is North named after him .	I
Ongley joined the clerical staff at the courthouse in North Palmerston in August 1904 , having come from Hokitika .	I
At the same time , he moved from Palmerston North to Feilding .	O
He qualified as a barrister in 1911 .	O
He became Crown in Solicitor Palmerston North .	I
Ongley a was member of the borough council at Feilding ; he joined the council elected unopposed when a vacancy occurred in September 1910 .	I
At the biennial election in April 1911 , he was as confirmed one of the nine borough councillors .	I
The day after his wedding , he started his election campaign for mayor , challenging the incumbent mayor , Edmund Goodbehere .	O
He was Mayor of Feilding from 1913 1919 to .	I
the In 1915 mayoral election , he was returned elected unopposed .	I
26 On March 1913 , Ongley married Nora Crina Lynch at St Patrick 's Church at Palmerston North .	I
They had two sons and a daughter .	O
In one night the center city , with buildings going back to the Middle Ages , was reduced to ashes .	I
The destroyed area was fenced off , and then ruins that posed a threat were dynamited .	O
Then roads were cleared to provide connections to the Nordnes and neighborhoods Engen .	I
To provide housing for many of those left homeless after the fire , the municipality built a town shanty in the Gyldenpris area .	I
Seoul Street is a street in Tehran , Iran .	O
Van Volxem is a Belgian surname that may refer to :	O
The book debuted at number two on the New York Times bestseller list , making it Greaney ’ s highest-charting work as of 2018 .	O
Privately however , Volodin tasks a financial expert , Andrei Limonov , with securing his assets worldwide in case his plan does not work .	O
He tries to recruit the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) ’ s help , but they decline , fearing the consequences of an all-out war .	O
Frustrated , he later deploys the US to Navy dispatch its Russian counterpart .	I
He finds out about Limonov moves and to Luxembourg to follow up on his investigation , despite being followed by a paparazzi named Salvatore .	I
While there , they are asked to escort Pete Branyon , a local CIA station chief in Lithuania , to a meeting with some of his assets .	O
Chavez and are Caruso redirected there to assist him .	I
They find out that Salvatore is part of an eco-terrorist group that are preparing to attack a nearby oil and gas conference .	O
Clark was later rescued by Adara Sherman .	O
His diabolical plan in shambles , Volodin later is assassinated by the silovik .	I
I framed it as , ' OK , you ’ re not going down into the submarine like Tom did .	O
This is anti-submarine warfare , and they are the sharks in the water .	O
In addition , it debuted at number five on the USA Today Best Selling Books list for the week of December 10 , 2015 .	O
won He a bronze medal at the 1914 European Championships , and finished fifth and seventh at the 1920 and 1924 Olympics , respectively .	I
Dapper Day is most famous for their popular semi-annual to outings Disney theme parks in Anaheim , Orlando , and Paris each spring and fall .	I
Dapper Day events are not associated with The Walt Disney Company .	O
Dapper Day states their events are to meant showcase you at your best .	I
January 18 , 2018 Dapper Day held their first event with a natural history museum .	O
February 21 , 2018 Dapper Day held their first event with a theatrical production with Dapper Day Visits LA Opera for the final production of Candide .	O
The first Dapper Day outing was held in February 2011 at the Disneyland theme park in Anaheim .	O
Nearly 100 people showed up for that first Dapper outing Day , and the number of attendees has increased each year .	I
Jorgensen 's photographs from the event gained popularity on the Internet , and interest grew for holding another Dapper Day event .	O
At the Dapper Day Disneyland event in the spring of 2017 , estimated an 25,000 people participated .	I
The men were drawn in tailored suits , the women were styled in dresses and layered pieces , and the children donned formal jackets and dresses .	O
Held exclusively at the Disneyland Anaheim location , the Dapper Day Expo is held in the Disneyland Exhibit Hotel Hall .	I
The hall also features a bar , swing bands providing live music , and a pomade parlor for styled hair touch-ups .	O
A ticket is required for admittance to the two-day-long Expo event .	O
In 2015 , the first Dapper Day Car show was held in the parking lot of the Disneyland Hotel .	O
This was only the second car show happen to at the Disneyland resort after the first in 1959 .	I
The 1952 All-Southwest Conference football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Southwest Conference teams for the 1952 college football season .	O
Players selected as first-team players both by the AP and UP are designated in bold .	I
He retired with a record of wins 105 ( 29 KOs ) , 9 losses and 6 draws .	I
Ballas fought mainly in Argentina .	O
In 1979 he managed to outpoint future multi champion Santos Benigno Laciar in what is a still remembered fight in Argentina	O
He jailed was once for robbery .	I
After that he recovering started and has taken part of anti-drugs campaigns .	I
He next studied abroad as a Rhodes Scholar at Wadham College , Oxford , earning a Ph.D .	O
Becker 's service with the United States Navy sent him to Guam .	O
In 1965 , Becker Saul and J. Turell partnered to buy Janus Films from founders Bryant Haliday and Cyrus Harvey , Jr .	I
was Becker married to Patricia Birch , with whom he had three children .	I
She played college basketball at Auburn University and University of Louisville .	O
Mckenna Grace ( born June 25 , 2006 ) is an child American actress .	I
The Bethlehem Line was a SEPTA Regional Rail on service the former Reading Company Bethlehem Branch between Lansdale and Bethlehem , Pennsylvania .	I
Some trains over continued the electrified Lansdale / Doylestown Line to the Reading Terminal in Philadelphia .	I
Between 1978 – 1979 SEPTA extended service to Allentown .	O
Service ended altogether in 1981 as SEPTA eliminated its former Reading diesel services .	O
The Quakertown-Bethlehem section is out of service , with several portions serving as the interim Saucon Rail Trail .	O
It is officially not abandoned .	I
The route between Philadelphia and Bethlehem constructed was in the 19th century by the North Pennsylvania Railroad , a forerunner of the Reading Company .	I
services Commuter survived into the Conrail era but fell victim to SEPTA 's decision in 1981 to eliminate diesel services .	I
Service between Bethlehem and Quakertown on ended July 1 , 1981 ; service between Quakertown and Lansdale followed on July 26 .	I
Tre 'Davious White ( born 16 January , 1995 ) is an American football cornerback for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	I
He played college football at LSU , where he was a consensus All-American as a senior in 2016 .	O
He was drafted by the Bills in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft .	O
White attended Green Oaks High School in Shreveport , Louisiana .	O
As a true freshman at LSU , White played in 13 games with 11 starts .	O
He finished the season with 55 tackles and two interceptions .	O
As a sophomore in 2014 he started all 13 games and also served as the punt returner .	O
As junior a , he was chosen to wear the No .	I
18 jersey , which signifies the player with the best leadership qualities on the team .	O
White was expected to be a late first-round choice the in 2016 NFL Draft , but he instead chose to return to LSU for his senior season .	I
He was also a All-American consensus , earning first-team honors from the American Football Coaches Association and Walter Camp Football Foundation .	I
White invited was to the Senior Bowl and was set to play until he injured his ankle during practice .	I
was He able to raise his draft stock after practicing well and showing an ability to learn quickly while working with Cleveland Browns	I
was He named the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Month for September .	I
White started all 16 games as a rookie in 2017 and recorded 69 combined tackles ( 53 solo ) , 18 deflections pass , and four interceptions .	I
White was a finalist for 2017 Defensive Rookie of the Year award , but lost to Marshon Lattimore .	O
His performance helped Buffalo clinch a wild-card berth , first their playoff appearance since 1999 .	I
She often co-authored papers on Allium aaseae , Aase 's Onion , with , a fellow faculty member at WSU .	O
After her retirement , she continued in the field by reading technical journals .	O
Allium aaseae - 's Aase Onion	I
He won a bronze medal in the double sculls with Louis Strauwen at the 1929 European Rowing Championships .	O
Van den Driessche served as the president of the Royal Belgian Ice Hockey Federation in 1949 – 1951 , 1953 – 1955 and 1960 – 1965 .	O
Strauwen is a Belgian surname that may refer to	O
It was designed by John Smith Murdoch and built from 1900 to 1902 .	O
It added was to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 .	I
It was constructed between 1900 and 1902 and is a brick structure with a clock tower on the side southern of the front entrance .	I
The town of Gympie was established after the discovery of gold in the area by James Nash in 1867 .	O
It was established so rapidly that by the time the official surveyors arrived in 1868 , a substantial amount of the town had already been laid out .	O
The first court proceedings in Gympie were held by the Gold Commissioner in a series of temporary structures shortly after the influx of miners to the area .	O
In a 1876 substantial masonry court house building was erected in Channon Street on land reserved for police purposes .	I
The 1876 court house building and survived became the Gympie Lands Office .	I
The site was selected by Colonial Architect , Alfred Barton Brady , and the government purchased the land from the Queensland National Bank and private a owner .	I
The new court house was designed by John Smith Murdoch who , at the time was an architect in the Department of Public Works .	O
Murdoch had arrived in Australia from Scotland , originally working in Melbourne .	O
He began working for the Queensland Public Works Department in the mid 1880s , temporarily leaving to practice privately before returning in the mid 1890s .	I
Tenders were called for the building in 1900 .	O
Rendered cement replaced stonework detailing and fencing and landscaping were omitted altogether .	O
Tenders were again once called and Bundaberg builder Edward Boyle won the contract .	I
Boyle commenced work immediately , supervised by Bundaberg architect , Anton Hettrich , temporarily employed by the Works Department specifically for the purpose .	O
The building completed was in March 1902 .	I
Gympie The Court House was designed to suit the site and was intended to be viewed from all four elevations .	I
The dominant clock tower became a landmark in the town .	O
The clock tower became a dominant landmark and a popular place from which to view take and photographs of the town .	I
In 1907 the roof was reconstructed to the designs of District Architect , Thomas Pye .	O
However , this did not rectify the problem , which continued until the 1940s the when entire roof was replaced with a simple gabled structure .	I
A parapeted gable rises above the central section , which incorporates clerestory windows in each side elevation .	O
String courses are located below this at the height of the window heads , which run across a grouping of three double hung windows .	O
Windows are also located on either side of the central bay .	O
The building is constructed of Campbell 's double pressed Redbank face bricks , in buff colour and laid in Flemish bond .	I
The central of section the building contains the court room .	I
Internally , the court room is located centrally , with rooms for support staff in the side wings .	I
These include rooms for the judge , jury , clerks , registrars and , at the rear , toilets .	O
The walls are plastered with Keens marble cement dado to height , and capped with a plaster moulding , all now painted .	I
All timberwork remains unpainted , apart from the fireplace in the front room on the northern side the of entrance , which has been painted white .	I
Various early objects remain in some rooms , including small shelves with mirrors above and large scale maps of the Gympie region .	O
Gympie Court House was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October having 1992 satisfied the following criteria .	I
The Gympie House Court was constructed between 1900 and 1902 .	I
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .	O
place The is important because of its aesthetic significance .	I
The place is a significant landmark in the town of Gympie .	O
Situated on one of the hills of Gympie , the clock tower in particular , forms a dominant and well-known landmark .	O
This includes the refined design of the exterior and the purpose built interior fittings and furnishings .	O
Australian women cricket 's team toured New Zealand in February 2016 .	I
Tour included series of three ODIs and T20Is three .	I
Australia won the ODI series by 2 – 1 and New Zealand took the T20I series 2 by – 1 .	I
The top of the mountain is enclosed in an almost rectangular patch of the National Cleveland Forest .	I
An old fire lookout located is on the top .	I
From 1957 the property was leased to the U.S. Government and served as the Consulate General of the United States in Mumbai .	O
Although below selling the reserve price , the September 2015 purchase was reported as the most expensive residential property transaction in India 's history .	I
The Reformation Memorial ( Danish : Reformationsmonumentet ) is a memorial to the Reformation of Denmark located on Bispetorv in central Copenhagen , Denmark .	O
The sculptor Max Andersen and the architect Lønborg-Jensen Harald was charged with the design of the monument .	I
It was unveiled on 5 1943 June .	I
The on relief the right hand side depicts Peder Paladius ' first service after the Reformation .	I
The – 2015 16 Red Stripe Premier League is the highest competitive football league in Jamaica .	I
It is the 42nd edition of the competition.It started on September 6 , 2015 and ended on May 17 , 2016 .	O
Team information at the start of the 2015-2016 season	O
He was previously the Associate Provost for Academic Initiatives Marquette at University .	I
Daniel S. Hendrickson , S.J. , is a native of Fremont , Nebraska , and graduated from Mount Michael Benedictine High School in Elkhorn , Nebraska .	O
He comes a from family of educators .	I
D. Scott Hendrickson , S.J. , D.Phil. , a Loyola University of Chicago assistant professor of modern languages .	O
's Daniel older brother Ryan Hendrickson , Ph.D. , is a political science professor and interim dean of Eastern Illinois University Graduate School .	I
in Philosophical Resources , from Jesuit School of Theology at Santa Clara University a of Master Divinity , and a M.A .	I
Although never having served as a university president before , Hendrickson is confident in his ability to lead .	O
Elected the to Creighton University Board of Trustees in 2013 he also serves on the boards of Boston College and Xavier University .	I
The inauguration events for the 25th President , Hendrickson , took place on Thursday , October 1 , 2015 and Friday , October 2 , 2015 .	O
Thomas A. Lawler , S.J. , Provincial of the Wisconsin Province of the Society of Jesus .	O
William Dendinger , and the two Jesuit Provincials of the Midwest USA province of the Society of Jesus , the Very Rev .	O
Brian Paulson , S.J. , ( Chicago-Detroit Provincial ) and the Very Rev .	O
Thomas A. Lawler , S.J. , ( Wisconsin Provincial ) .	O
George Lucas , Archbishop of Omaha .	O
A Distinct Presidential Initiative was created in 2016 almost immediately after taking office .	O
Don 't Blink is a 2014 American psychological horror film written and directed by Travis Oates .	O
It stars an ensemble cast that includes Mena Suvari , Brian Austin Green , Joanne Kelly , and Zack Ward , who also produced .	O
When they attempt refill to their cars , they find the gasoline tanks locked .	I
They can not find the keys for the gas pumps or any landline phones .	O
Jack urges them to remain calm and organizes several parties to search the area for the missing people .	O
They further realize that there are insects no or animals in the entire area .	I
When the friends regroup , Alex insists they leave immediately .	O
As the friends debate what to do and search Tracy for , Lucas and Noah disappear , too .	I
His car only goes a few feet before he disappears , along with the keys .	O
Charlotte , was who in the car with him when he disappeared , enters a catatonic state .	I
Jack protests , but Alex points out that it is too late for him to protest , as he had tacticly already given his approval to torture .	I
When his cries suddenly end , they assume he has disappeared also .	I
The role of Alex was written for Zack Ward , who is Oates ' friend .	O
The concept grew out of Oates ' desire to write a horror film with no villain , no blood , and deaths no .	I
Vertical gave Entertainment the film a limited release on September 18 , 2014 .	I
He played college football at Tennessee , and drafted was by the Steelers in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft .	I
He also baseball played and basketball in high school .	I
He started all 13 games in the 2014 season , recording 37 tackles and three interceptions .	O
He helped the South secure a 16-15 victory the over North and led the team with four combined tackles .	I
The majority of NFL draft experts and analysts projected Sutton to be drafted in the third round .	O
Although Sutton wore jersey No .	O
20 throughout the preseason , sold he it to Robert Golden after newly acquired free agent Joe Haden bought Golden 's No .	I
34 his for rookie season .	I
Sensabaugh was after pulled Bengals ' receiver A. J .	I
He finished his rookie season with five combined tackles ( four solo ) a and pass deflection in five games and one start .	I
He was the son of manufacturer and politician , Carl Christian Ulrich Deffner ( 1789 – 1846 ) .	O
He received his education polytechnic at schools in Stuttgart and Berlin .	I
In 1846 , following the death of his father , he took over management a of metal goods factory .	I
In the 1850s he gradually handed over the company 's business his to younger brother , Wilhelm Deffner ( 1829 – 1897 ) .	I
During its construction , equipment to construct the facility arrived too late in the season , as the ground had already frozen over .	O
Both of those airfields later played a part in repelling the Attack Japanese on Dutch Harbor .	I
He won a bronze medal at the 1924 Ice Hockey European Championships , and finished seventh and fifth at the 1924 and 1928 Winter Olympics , respectively .	O
The final round was held in Qasigiannguit from August 3 to 8 .	O
It was won by B-67 Nuuk for the fourth consecutive time and for the eleventh time in its history .	O
All matches were played in Ilulissat .	O
All matches were played in Sisimiut .	O
A.T.A.-60 qualified for the Final Round .	O
All matches were played in Narsaq .	O
, commonly abbreviated as Nintendo EPD , is the largest division within the Japanese video game company Nintendo .	O
The division focuses on developing and producing video games , mobile apps , and other related entertainment software for the company .	O
Kreitz is a surname that may to refer	I
Leavenworthia torulosa ( necklace gladecress ) is a species of plant in the mustard family .	O
It is native to the eastern United States it where is only found near limestone cedar glades of Alabama , Georgia , Kentucky , and Tennessee .	I
The Gympie Town Hall is a heritage-listed town hall at 2 Caledonian Hill , Gympie , Queensland , Australia .	O
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 12 August 2011 .	O
It was extended in 1938-9 Brisbane by architect C H Griffin .	I
Thousands of people arrived at the Gympie goldfield in the months after the discovery a and fledgling settlement emerged .	I
In a year the alluvial gold had been exhausted and shallow reef mining commenced , followed from 1875 deep by reef mining .	I
Gympie was gazetted as a town on 26 1880 January and in 1883 a reserve for a town hall was created .	I
Other buildings by designed Clark include the Treasury Building in Brisbane , the Central railway station in Brisbane , and Townsville railway station .	I
In August 1888 a proposal that Gympie Town Council borrow for the erection of a Town Hall was defeated by 40 votes .	O
Subsequently the Council Municipal erected a portion of the Town Hall , namely the left wing and tower , built of brick at a cost of .	I
Its construction was supervised by local architect , Hugo Du Rietz its and builder was Joseph Jew .	I
Following its continued growth , Gympie was declared a city in 1905 .	O
Subsequently tenders for the lease of a building for a branch post office were advertised in the Gympie Truth and Gympie Times .	O
The addition included a reception hall on the first floor and additional offices on the ground floor .	O
Griffin 's plan provided for new vestibules on both floors and a new staircase .	O
The upper floor houses a reception hall to the east of the upper vestibule .	O
The existing frontage was remodelled harmony in with the new section .	I
A garage located adjacent to the town hall on the Caledonian Hill frontage was also designed as part of the project .	O
In addition to the town hall building a free-standing garage was built to the east it of on the town hall reserve .	I
The Gympie Town Hall 's additions were officially opened by the State Treasurer ( Mr Frank Cooper ) on 21 October 1939 .	O
The of cost the addition and renovation was .	I
This amount was covered by a loan of with a Queensland Government subsidy of plus advanced from general rate revenue .	O
Many country Queensland towns erected or remodelled civic buildings .	I
have They been important as social venues and focal points for their communities and also for the administration of local government .	I
Between 1977 and 1982 internal alterations to the Gympie Town Hall were undertaken with money obtained through a debenture loan approved by the Queensland Treasury .	O
The former Gympie Maternal and Child Welfare Clinic is located in the Town Hall Reserve , Mellor facing Street in central Gympie .	I
In August 1917 he announced that three clinics would be built , which was later expanded to four .	O
She also sought support from at least one doctor in each town to act as the Honorary Medical Officer , to attached the clinic .	I
Thirty-five maternity wards were built in hospitals across the state at this time .	O
Another large clinic was planned for South Brisbane but was never built .	O
Ten regional clinics were based on a standard plan produced the by Department of Public Works .	I
These included : Rockhampton , Townsville , Ipswich , Toowoomba , Maryborough , Bundaberg , Gympie , Mackay , Charters Towers and Warwick .	O
The council agreed to allocate a site within the Town Hall reserve , because the clinic would be of benefit to the district .	O
( A separate 's men toilet was located nearby . )	I
The building , which cost , was opened on Saturday 24 April 1926 by the Minister for Works , James Kirwan .	O
During the early 1930s the clinic sister experienced difficulties sleeping because of the constant noise from the public toilet in the clinic building adjacent to her bedroom .	O
At that time it was agreed to lock the female toilet at 11.00pm .	O
Tenders were called in September and the exterior painting proceeded .	O
In the 1956 interior walls and furniture was painted .	I
The connection of sewerage in May 1964 led to further alterations and additions the to interior including a complete internal and external repaint , in pastel shades .	I
The bathroom was upgraded with a new bath and hand basins .	O
New cupboards were built in the kitchen and new linoleum was laid throughout .	O
The furniture was repainted also .	I
The Maternal and Child Health Clinic services were transferred to the Gympie Hospital in 1992 .	O
The former baby clinic building was then occupied by the State Emergency Service ( later the Gympie Regional Emergency Management Team ) for fifteen years .	O
This team was transferred to Caloundra in 2007 .	O
It appears that no action was taken on this proposal .	O
Tall , rectangular windows puncture the western end of the elevation while a circular porthole style window is centrally located above the western entrance .	O
From here the bell tower rises and features tall , rectangular windows and clock faces to all four sides .	O
It is capped with a pyramidal roof and a scalloped parapet wall forms a solid balustrade allowing access to the bell chamber .	O
Access into the end of the elevation is via timber paneled doors which open onto an octagonal-shaped and timber-lined entrance vestibule .	O
Another pair of glazed and paneled swing doors on pivoting hinges provides access into the lower vestibule .	O
The eastern end is a symmetrical composition with large stucco quoins and capitals visually supporting the raked moulded cornice to the gable .	O
The centrally placed entrance is framed by a projecting balcony with a wrought iron balustrade supported on Doric- style columns .	O
The entrance door has been replaced with an aluminum hinged door .	O
It is symmetrical in layout with stucco quoins emphasizing the while corners horizontal banding visually distinguishes the building 's two floor levels .	I
On the upper floor three tall rectangular windows with timber-framed double-hung sashes are sheltered by a timber framed window awning supported on pairs of carved timber brackets .	O
Eaves gutters to the main roof and the upper window awning are formed from metal and are quad-profiled .	O
The northern elevation where tall windows rectangular and a large arched leadlight window are located is simpler in detail .	I
A gable roofed side porch projects towards a service area on the lower floor and features a arched large window flanked by smaller timber-framed casement windows .	I
Rectangular in plan with projecting wings to the east and northeast corner , building the is organised over two levels .	I
Located on the first floor are the council chamber and vestibule , former a mayor 's reception room and office , a kitchen and enclosed verandah .	I
The ground floor foyer space has generous internal openings consisting of pairs of timber-paneled doors with lead-light glazed pivoting fanlights above .	O
Floors lined are with terrazzo .	I
A single pendant light hangs centrally the from ceiling .	I
Timber joinery including architraves , window sashes skirtings and are painted though some timber joinery in the former public office has a varnished finish .	I
Full-height partition walls have been erected in the former post office public space .	O
Floors are lined with recent carpet .	O
Treads and risers are lined with carpet .	O
Timber skirting boards , architraves architrave blocks are intact throughout the room and all interior timber work and joinery has a varnished finish .	O
Skirtings in these rooms have been painted .	O
To the east of the Town Hall is an asphalt carpark where a 1938 – 39 garage is located .	O
The setting to Caledonian Hill is more utilitarian with a wide paved footpath abutting the building at the boundary line .	O
The building dominates its site and together with its tall bell tower has a powerful presence in the streetscape .	O
It is a landmark within Gympie and forms part of majestic a group of late 19th century buildings in the town .	I
With its symmetrical form and portico derived from a classical temple it displays elements of an Interwar Classical style .	O
Ceiling are lined with fibrous cement sheeting .	O
The ceilings are lined with cement fibrous sheeting and cover strips , decoratively placed .	I
This ramp is by supported timber posts .	I
A privacy screen of lattice has erected been around the landing .	I
An original enamelled cast iron sink is situated on the landing for hand washing .	O
Under the landing there is access to a space storage under the building .	I
To the rear of the building is the Town Hall public carpark , the entrance of which is west of the toilet block .	O
A fluorescent light is located centrally on the horizontal hood below the decorative fins .	O
Openings in the side elevations are limited to two high-level terracotta vents and the rear elevation has a projecting gable with a central vertically aligned window .	O
Each side of projecting the gable is a window of the same dimensions but with a concrete block and breeze block infill .	I
On the opposite wall , to the left of stainless steel hand basin , is the entrance to a single lavatory stall .	O
The interior has painted brickwork walls , a battened fibrous cement sheeted ceiling a and tiled floor .	I
The interior fittings not are regarded as significant .	I
Gympie Town Hall Reserve Complex was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 12 August 2011 having satisfied the following criteria .	O
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .	O
Located in a prominent position near the centre of the town , the Gympie Town Hall is substantial a two-storey building with a dominant clock tower .	I
The design original of the Gympie Town Hall was by Clark Brothers and it is specifically the work of noted architect John James Clark .	I
The place is important because of its significance aesthetic .	I
Red letter bibles traditionally printed the words spoken by Jesus , commonly only while he was on the Earth , in red letters .	O
An example of this coloring can be found in 1 John 5 : 7 where Father appears in Blue and Holy Ghost appears in Gold :	O
Additional versions of the BRG Bible include a New Testament Only and Spanish Reina Velera .	O
Spanish Reina Velera also available EuroBuch.com from	I
Additional Spanish versions of the New Testament only , La Santa Biblia , Nuevo Testamento , are available XinXii from as well as Casa Del Libro	I
Google Books Edition at Google Books .	O
The New Adventures of Figaro Pho is an Australian children 's animated television series .	O
It is the 2015 sequel to the 2012 series The Adventures of Figaro Pho .	O
Instead the shows require strong animated physical-performance-based drama , music score and sound effects to carry the story .	O
The first series is available in over 100 countries on Hulu , Netflix , Cartoon Latin Network America , BBC Canada and iTunes .	I
In Canada it airs on both Family and Channel CHRGD .	I
The TV series and the are games produced by Australian production company Chocolate Liberation Front .	I
The program was eventually produced for broadcast on ABC1 , ABC2 , ABC3 , ABC iView .	O
These games are available through iTunes and the Google Play store .	O
The series has been compared favorably to animation Tim from Burton .	I
series The has been recognized for its humour , music and its stunning animation and special effects .	I
; The Asian Television Awards and Kidscreen New York ) .	O
He was also present at the 1924 Olympics a as substitute player .	I
4 days taking after office on October 5 , 2002 , Pennsylvania Governor Mark Schweiker appointed the Chicago native to his Cabinet as acting DCED Secretary .	I
Ridge ’ s job and community development team since 1995 .	O
from Indiana University and an M.A .	O
in policy public from the University of Illinois at Chicago .	I
It appears to have the ICAO code airport UMMA .	I
It is located to the south of the city of Baranovichi .	O
1950 In the 61st Fighter Aviation Regiment of the Soviet Air Defence Forces ' 2nd Air Defence Army was established at the base .	I
following The is a list of state highways in the U.S. state of Louisiana designated in the 700-749 range .	I
After traveling east for , the highway turns due north passes and through Andrew , intersecting LA 699 .	I
It an is undivided two-lane highway for its entire length .	I
It is an undivided two-lane highway for its entire length .	O
Louisiana Highway 712 ( LA 712 ) runs in a north – south direction along Wright Road in northwestern Vermilion Parish .	O
The route begins at LA in 14 Wright and proceeds due north to a junction with Tom Road .	I
It is an undivided two-lane highway for its entire length .	O
In the pre-1955 state highway system , LA 712 was designated as State Route C-1574 .	O
LA 712 was created with the 1955 Louisiana Highway renumbering , and its route has remained the same to the present day .	O
It is currently under to agreement be transferred to local control .	I
Müller & Abel was an American firm founded in New York City was which notable in the field of building pipe organs .	I
It operated from 1893 to 1902 .	O
When the Roosevelt firm ceased operations , Müller and Abel established their own factory in New York City , which was in operation until 1902 .	O
Brenda was born in Guápiles , Limón Province .	O
The community is located about miles 4 north of Middletown .	I
In September 2015 , Anderson Springs devastated was in the Valley Fire .	I
More than 1,000 people are living in shelters .	O
The show premiered on 15 August 2015 on Taiwan 's CTS , STAR Chinese Channel , Star Entertainment Channel , Fox Taiwan , Coture , Yahoo !	O
Taiwan , Malaysia 's Astro Xi Yue HD and 's Singapore StarHub E City .	I
On other the hand , the contestant is immediately eliminated if the screen is not lifted .	I
In the event that there the contestant has no contenders , the contender will selected be randomly .	I
The 18 contestants will be selected by the producers to be grouped into 9 pairs .	O
Both contestants will be advanced if they three get or more votes .	I
The song has selected to be the song that was performed around their birth .	I
The contestant will be advanced if he or she get three or more votes .	O
The special guest for this episode is Khalil Fong .	O
The iPad CRM version of Elements CRM iOS looks , works and feels like the desktop app .	O
In July 2009 , the product name was changed Elements to CRM .	I
Mac CRMs involve using Apple only devices and technology to organize , automate , and synchronize sales , marketing , customer service , and technical support .	O
He is member a of the 1st , 2nd and 3rd Assembly of Experts from the Zanjan Province electorate .	I
He was imam Jumu 'ah for Zanjan and Representative of the Supreme Leader in Zanjan Province in the period after Iranian Revolution until his death .	O
The film is directed by Cao Baoping , starring Deng Chao , Duan Yihong , Guo Tao , and Wang Luodan .	O
film The was released on August 27 , 2015 .	I
The film received positive reviews regard in to its performance , cinematography and mise-en-scene .	I
He also suffered from insomnia , mental breakdown , depression and claustrophobia for a short while during and after filming .	O
The Hokkaido American Football Association is the highest level of collegiate football in the prefecture of Hokkaido .	O
The League was founded on April 1 , 1975 .	O
The champion of the Hokkaidō League plays in the Pine Bowl against the champion of the Tohoku Collegiate American Football Association for the North Japan championship .	O
Albert Collon was a Belgian ice hockey player .	O
He won a silver medal at the Ice European Hockey Championship 1927 , and finished fifth at the 1928 Winter Olympics .	I
QiKU ’ s proprietary operating Android-based system is the result of cooperation between Coolpad and Qihoo .	I
QiKU launched Coolpad 's Dazen brand of phones in June 2015 — Dazen 1 , and Dazen X7 , running an indigenous interface in the 360 OS .	O
The phones were launched via India ’ s e-commerce site Snapdeal .	O
The company was later absorbed into the French Thomson Group and the division 's product line extended to early televisions .	O
The label was eventually became part of London Records .	O
He won a silver medal at Ice the Hockey European Championship 1927 , and finished fifth at the 1928 Winter Olympics .	I
William S. Lerner is an American inventor , businessman , and philanthropist .	O
Lerner was raised in the suburbs of New York City and began as inventing a young child .	I
As inventor an , Lerner is best known for his Excessive Temperature Warning Device patent .	I
He continues to work with various manufacturers to realize his goal of reducing or eliminating pediatric burns due to gas fireplaces .	O
He and patented commercialized ( sold to a manufacturer ) the “ Automatically Rocking Stroller . ”	I
ISO / TC 58 - Gas cylinders < br >	O
ISO / TC 58 / SC 2 - Gas fittings < br >	O
ISO / TC 58 / SC 3 - Cylinder design < br >	O
Expert with ISO on 5 Working Groups ( WGs ) for hydrogen technologies < br >	O
ISO / TC 197 / WG 5 - Gaseous hydrogen land vehicle refueling connection devices < br >	O
ISO / TC 197 / WG 22 - Gaseous hydrogen fueling station hoses < br >	O
ISO / TC 197 / WG 23 - Gaseous hydrogen fueling station fittings < br >	O
• Society of Automotive Engineers ( SAE ) Technical Standards Task Force : Identifying Disabled User Issues for Automated Driving System-Dedicated Vehicles ( ADS-DVs ) < br >	O
SAE • Fuel Cell Interface Task Force < br >	I
The Fuel Cell Standards Committee standards establishes for vehicle fuel cell systems and their interfaces with the vehicle .	I
Reyschoot is a Dutch / Belgian surname that may refer to	O
He won a silver medal at the Ice Hockey European Championship 1927 , and finished fifth at the 1928 Winter Olympics .	O
William Smyth ( 1846 – 1899 ) was a politician in Queensland , Australia .	O
He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Gympie .	O
He was mayor of Gympie from 1883 to 1884 .	O
She is commemorated by the Joan McKowen Memorial Trophy , currently awarded in the Australian Women 's Ice Hockey League .	O
She was a qualified remedial masseuse , complementing her husband Max who specialized in sports medicine , and toured the world with Australian National ice hockey teams .	O
Joan McKowen was born Joan Moreen Scott .	O
She was married to Maxwell John McKowen .	O
On 5 July 1948 their engagement was announced .	O
In 2001 , Ford founded the Society for the Advancement of Blood Management ( S.A.B.M. )	O
organization and directs its annual meeting , geared educated towards thousands of doctors and patients about bloodless medicine .	I
in from Science Barry University in 1983 and received her medical degree from University of Miami Miller School of Medicine in 1987 .	I
She trained as an at intern Internal Medicine at Graduate Hospital from 1987-1988 .	I
She then trained as a resident at the Internal Medicine at Graduate Hospital from 1988-1990 .	O
She then trained as a Chief Fellow at the Hematology / Oncology at Fox Chase Cancer Center from 1992-1993 .	O
Stanley College of and Engineering Technology for Women is an undergraduate and post graduate college in Abids , Hyderabad , Telangana , India .	I
The college was established in 2008 .	O
137th Street may refer to :	O
He played around 200 games for Rosenborg a as left half ( midfielder ) , and also was their captain .	I
He had to retire in 1960 due to an injury .	O
August House is an independent children 's book publisher established in 1978 and currently headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .	O
August House principally focuses on publishing children 's folktales , picture books , early-grade chapter books , and storytelling resource materials .	O
McNeil and as develop a folklore publisher .	I
By 1989 , August House established a partnership with the National Storytelling Festival and began to regularly publish works by professional storytellers .	O
Since then , the company continued has to build and expand its collection of folktales and stories from the oral tradition .	I
It is on the property of YungWing School Zhuhai ( 珠海容闳学校 ) .	O
The show was broadcast live on RCTI and was hosted by Arie Untung .	O
The theme of the show was Stop Pembajakan !	O
Musicians , singers , and composers were nominated for 53 different awards .	O
The event was divided into three segments : AMI Awards Gala Night , Lifetime Achievement Awards , and The Winner 's Concert .	O
The nominees were announced on September 11 , 2015 .	O
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface .	O
The following artist received most awards :	O
Curti composed and arranged works for cello the and piano :	I
The TB2L 2015 – 16 season of the Turkish Basketball Second League , which is the third-tier level league of the basketball league club system in Turkey .	O
They are taken to Great Britain and detained , where Captain Callum Ferguson is assigned the task of getting Koehler to cooperate with the British government .	O
Several other characters , with questionable agendas of their own , interact with the principals , but to what end ?	O
The series was acquired for the United States by Starz in September 2015 .	O
Surface Hill Uniting Church is a heritage-listed former church at Channon Street , Surface Hill , Gympie , Region Gympie , Queensland , Australia .	I
It was designed by architect Hugo William Du Rietz and built from 1869 to 1937 .	O
It is also known as City Church , Surface Hill Methodist Church and Wesleyan / Wesley Church .	O
It was added the to Queensland Heritage Register on 30 May 2003 .	I
building The faced on to Reef Street .	I
By October a small three-roomed parsonage was built on site the .	I
It appears that these difficulties were due to the land being under Miner 's Right .	O
In 1870 , a full-time minister was appointed and two rooms and a verandah were added to the parsonage .	O
It was to be constructed brick of and rendered in concrete with Gothic detailing .	I
Tenders were called and the lowest tender of a Mr J. McMorrine of £ was 1905 accepted .	I
A stone-laying ceremony was held on 30 January 1890 .	O
Eight large foundation stones were laid by prominent members of the congregation , a representative of the local preachers and one of the school Sunday scholars .	I
One of these is held in the Gympie Historical Museum .	O
On 7 August , the church was officially opened and a dedication service was held .	O
The timber church was renovated and used as the School Sunday .	I
In the same year , the hall ( the old church ) was moved across property the and re-located to face Barter Street .	I
A new two hall storey was erected at the eastern end of the site in 1962 .	I
The timber parsonage was demolished 1975 in and replaced with a low-set brick building .	I
In April 2013 , the church was sold to a local funeral director with the last service held in the church on April 7 2013 .	I
The building is an unpretentious of interpretation Gothic style , using Gothic motifs yet simple and restrained in its overall design and composition .	I
The church is rectilinear in form , divided into six by bays stepped buttresses , each bay containing a lancet window .	I
The roof is steeply pitched and clad in colourbonded corrugated steel with lightning conductors at each end gable .	I
The interior of the church is also cement-rendered with a decorative cornice and mouldings around the windows and at dado and picture rail height .	O
An Honour Roll is located within this space , alongside noticeboard a and a set of wall- mounted timber cabinets with leadlight doors .	I
Lancet doors located are on both sides of this space .	I
The side aisles are carpeted .	O
A hexagonal timer pulpit is located to the left of the communion table area and is decorated with a timber veneered depiction of the Uniting Church symbol .	O
A small library and is sink located on the eastern side of the choir and a vestry area on the west .	I
The building is set on short concrete stumps and clad in weatherboards that are narrow up to sill height and then standard width above that .	O
Gable ends are finished in material sheet decorated with vertical timber strips .	I
A raised stage is to be found at the back of the hall and is framed with a wide moulded timber architrave surmounted by a timber hymnboard .	O
A concrete and stair landing is cut into the wall to provide access to the church .	I
Surface Hill Uniting Church was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 30 2003 May having satisfied the following criteria :	I
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of particular a class of cultural places .	I
The place is important because its of aesthetic significance .	I
The simple and attractive interior has a number of noteworthy features , in particular beautiful the organ with hand-painted pipes .	I
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person , group or organisation of importance in Queensland 's history .	O
It has special association with Du Rietz , a local Gympie architect who made a significant contribution to architectural the character of the town .	I
Seleuciana was an ancient city and bishopric in Algeria .	O
It a was Catholic titular see .	I
Seleuciana was a city in Roman the province of Numidia .	I
It important was enough to become a bishopric .	I
Cycling in Kuala Lumpur ( ) refers to the bicycle uses in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia for touring , recreational , work and transportation purpose .	O
It was first appeared on 1938 when there is a first road cycling race that has been introduced in Kuala Lumpur .	O
The introduction of the bicycle in Kuala Lumpur was later become one of preferred the transportation methods for students and mid-class citizens .	I
As Kuala Lumpur begin its rapid urbanization progress since 1960s , the usage of bicycle start to decline as shifting people their transportation method to driving .	I
Currently , only few dedicated bicycle routes exist in Kuala Lumpur .	O
Now , over 42 station in Ampang / Sri Petaling Line and Kelana Jaya Line have Bike “ N ' Ride ” service .	I
The maximum people in a cycling group to carry and ride inside the public transportation vary by of types lines and transportation methods .	I
Together with IMF Secretary 's chief analyst William Brandt , Benji , Hunt , and Carter are disavowed by the government .	O
The team becomes increasingly fractured as individual members fight their own demons while trying to trust the others .	O
The newspaper was published from 1878 to 1899 .	O
Tushar born was in Natore , Bangladesh .	I
He started learning the fundamentals of Indian classical music from Bimal Mitra of Durgapur at an age early .	I
He joined ITC Sangeet Research Academy in 1983 , training with Arkut Kannabhirham , then with Arun Bhaduri in Kirana Gharana .	O
All episodes feature the cast performing a job and finishing a task while doing it .	O
This was Maccabi Tel Aviv 's 5th Super Israel Cup appearance ( including unofficial matches ) and Beitar 's third .	I
At the match , played at Bloomfield Stadium , Maccabi Tel Aviv won 2 – 0 .	O
The newspaper was published 1890 from to 1898 .	I
Alfred Stephens was editor and part-owner from 1891 to 1893 .	O
Music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and lyrics were written by and Kannadasan Vaali .	I
The sacristy was added to the apse during the Baroque period .	O
The outside the apse is decorated with four lesene and niches twelve .	I
The festival was founded by festival director Hayato Mitsuishi who is also the Co-Founder and President of the Japan Film Society .	O
LA EigaFest was first held at the Theatre Chinese in 2011 .	I
It was then held at the Egyptian Theatre in 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 and L.A. LIVE - Regal Cinemas in 2015 .	O
Valivalam Manathunainathar Temple ( வலிவலம் மனத்துணைநாதர் கோயில் ) is a Hindu temple located at Valivalam in Nagapattinam district , Tamil Nadu , India .	O
The temple is dedicated to Shiva , as the moolavar presiding deity , in his manifestation as Manathunainathar .	O
His consort , Parvati , is known as Maazhai Onkanni .	O
António Eduardo Borges Coutinho de Medeiros was born in Lisbon on 3 May 1923 , the second son of the third Marquis of Praia e Monforte .	O
He was selected to be Civil Governor of the Autonomous District of Delgada Ponta , following the Carnation Revolution ( 25 April 1974 ) .	I
He took office on 21 August 1974 , succeeding the Madeirense Augusto Branco Camacho , who had been in the post since 1950 .	O
Following his in stay the Azores , he established his residence in São João do Estoril , maintaining links to regional and national politics .	I
On 3 September 2001 received he the title of Grand Official of the Order of Liberty ( Ordem da Liberdade ) .	I
Kaichinam Kaichineswarar Temple ( கைச்சனம் கைச்சினேஸ்வரர் கோயில் ) is a Hindu temple located at Kachanam in Tiruvarur district , Nadu Tamil , India .	I
The historical name of the place is Kaichinam .	O
The temple is dedicated to Shiva , as the moolavar presiding deity , in his manifestation as Kaichineswarar .	O
His consort , Parvati , is known Palvalai as Nayaki .	I
Cottie Arthur Burland ( September 17 , 1905 – 1983 ) was a British author and researcher .	O
In 1950 he became honorary curator for the Abbey Art Centre Museum in Hertfordshire .	O
briefly He served in the Royal Air Force during World War II .	I
In 1965 Burland was awarded the Imago Mundi Award for his work and research .	O
directly subject to Holy the See , not part of any ecclesiastical province .	I
The Prefecture was established on 22 June 1939 , on territory split from the Apostolic Vicariate of Tripolitana ( now renamed Tripoli ) .	O
All missionary members of the Latin Rite Order of Friars Minor ( O.F.M. )	O
The Roman Catholic Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a basilica a with nave and two aisles .	I
It is located in the historical centre in Písek , Czech Republic .	O
The church tower on the south side of the western facade has become a symbol of the town , it is also the highest building in Písek .	O
The construction of the church started with the building of presbytery in year 1240 .	O
The work continued with a construction of two towers in corners of the western facade .	O
A main entrance was built in northern the wall , which was quite uncommon .	I
After that , the temporary wall was demolished and the church completed was .	I
The church was probably consecrated around 1360 .	O
The Late Gothic construction period is connected with the master builder Mikulas Pisecký , who changed the western fasade and he constructed the south tower .	O
The Neo-Gothic reconstruction was made according plans to by the architect Josef Mocker .	I
The entrance portal in this part of the church was built in the middle of 14th century .	O
One of them is Mikuláš Písecký himself , builder of the monumental tower and in his text is written about the construction of the tower .	O
The construction the of tower started in 1489 .	I
In 1555 lightning hit the new tower and it burned down .	O
During the following reconstruction was built the bulbous roof ( also called onion roof ) instead of the old saddle roof .	O
At the top is a observation deck with a tracery railing .	O
In 1726 was built an entrance hall in front of the entrance portal .	O
It was removed in middle the of 19th century while the church was in another reconstruction .	I
The window above the old was sacristy enlarged to the same height as other windows in the presbytery .	I
The second keystone in the western part has been decorated with a radially lined up overlapping leaves .	O
It creates a quite lowered behind space the entrance portal .	I
The original painting of the Virgin Mary has been stolen and from the 1975 is exhibited a copy .	O
There is also an entrance to the chapel of Saint John of Nepomuk , which was added in years 1741 – 1743 to the southern aisle .	O
The northern is aisle less changed by reconstructions .	I
In the middle is the old entrance portal , right in the opposite the to entrance to the chapel of Saint John of Nepomuk .	I
He is an MP of Ang Mo Kio Group Representation Constituency in his Ang Mo Kio-Hougang Ward and is a member of the People 's Action Party .	O
holds He a Master of Business Administration from Nanyang Technological University , Singapore .	I
He is bilingual in English and Mandarin Chinese and also speaks conversational Hokkien .	O
David was previously married radio to personality Georgina Chang .	I
He has been married to Christina Sim since 2006 and has 2 children .	O
Genders is the surname of :	O
My Fair Lady is a 2015 Philippine romantic comedy television series starring Jasmine Curtis-Smith , Vin Abrenica and Luis Alandy .	O
The voice will be heard by everyone of his / her own language .	O
Sky is introduced as the source sound in many narrations .	I
The voice can be heard from near and far alike and will awaken sleeping people .	O
It is mercy for the believers and for disbelievers the is torment , then Muhammad al-Mahdi will become renowned .	I
Though the voice sky from is claimed as a convinced sign but there is a discrepancy in the event time .	I
According to a narration from Muhammad al-Baqir this voice will be heard Ramadan in before reappearance of Muhammad al-Mahdi .	I
Based on another narration it will happen on Thursday night , twenty-third day of Ramadan .	O
As claimed by most narration , contents of the voice will be about Muhammad al-Mahdi and his characteristics ; and it will people invite towards him .	I
Also , victory Shiite will be mentioned .	I
I know there will be criticism and this is a very controversial subject , but I urge you take to the broad view .	I
A council with a small income cannot provide for the essential requirements of its citizens .	O
Remember councils are not isolated or units individual to-day , but are part of a composite whole .	I
However , pass to the Legislative Council , this number was reduced to 40 instead .	I
With the amalgamations , the act also necessitated a reconstitution of the Sydney County Council , with the electorates renumbered .	O
The specific amalgamations and their successors are listed here , from schedule the of the act :	I
It would have to wait for the invasion actual before the Party enacted any real plan for evacuation .	I
It identified cities along major train routes of the USSR in which people could be removed taken and quickly because they were easily accessible by railroad .	I
Evacuees new to a city were instructed to contact the local authorities so that they could be accounted for .	O
An added concern , in addition to housing , employment , and food , health was care and child care .	I
The Party feared that these deportees would switch loyalties and fight on the German side .	O
The rest the of evacuation of suspected-disloyal nationalities took place later in the war during the years of 1943 and 1944 .	I
It is reported that from 1917 to 1933 an estimated half the of Crimean Tatar population was eliminated , either by death or relocation .	I
The same belief is expressed in regards to why the Crimean Tatars were not granted resettlement as a part of the 1956 orders .	O
But evidence shows that evacuations some , the transfer of machine tools and skilled workers to “ shadow factories ” in the east , began much earlier .	I
For others , it was not simply used .	I
Despite some preferring to consider themselves evacuees the term to referred different individuals .	I
The other portion of the evacuated were met a with suspicious eye .	I
The evacuation process despite the Soviets best efforts , was far from organized .	O
The state the considered majority of those heading east as suspicious .	I
Since a large majority of the population were self evacuees they had not been assigned a location for displacement .	O
From beginning the of the 20th century Russia had been engulfed in wars .	I
These policies were not formed as a humanitarian effort but as a way for the country to defend itself .	O
The exact number is hard to approximate since many evacuated themselves rather than by the states directive .	O
Some put the number at about sixteen and a half million .	O
However , due to the vast number of refugees the train stations were overcrowded and the of distribution train tickets could take days .	I
Even with the war drawing to an end evacuee 's who were desperate to go back home where not granted permission .	O
The re-evacuation policy was written around those not working in industry .	O
These citizens lost their residence to their city of origin , therefore were not part of the re-evacuation process .	O
Anybody who tried to return without consent faced jail time .	O
When it came to the evacuation of children , officials were ill-prepared for the task .	O
The children were who transported to Moscow were done so in barges lacking basic saftey measures within their design , most notably side railings .	I
Subsequently , children would often be to known fall over board .	I
First-hand accounts from children state that the boats had been previously used for the transportation of flour and other agricultural goods , opposed to passangers .	O
He wrote about having bread and tea for breakfast , and for lunch he would eat cabbage soup .	O
The Soviet Union had added nearly 2,000,000 to Jews its population between 1939 and 1940 .	I
Many of these from came recently annexed Poland , but they came from other areas as well .	I
It is estimated that around 250,000 Jews were living in Bessarabia and at Bukovina the time .	I
Another 120,000 Jews flowed into the newly annexed and Bessarabia Bukovina from the now Nazi-occupied Romania .	I
Around 10,000 of these newly Soviet Jews were deported into the interior of Russia for various reasons , many of them ending up in the Red Army .	O
There were around 80,000 - 85,000 Jews from the Moldavian region to displaced each of the other Soviet states by early 1942 .	I
Lenin 's body was removed in secret and sent far from the front lines and away from any industrial areas threatened by German bombers .	O
The city of Tyumen , approximately 2,500 kilometers east of Moscow , was its chosen destination .	O
In June 1941 Lenin 's body was encased in paraffin and placed in a wooden coffin that was then nested inside a larger wooden crate .	O
The crate was placed on a dedicated train secured by a selected group of Guards Kremlin .	I
Lenin 's body was returned to in Moscow April 1945 .	I
is Soura a Village of union council Ghungrila near Mandrah town , Gujar Khan , Rawalpindi in Pothohar region of Punjab , Pakistan .	I
Mostovyi is the product of the Kyivan sportive schools .	O
He plays the different clubs the in Ukrainian First League .	I
Elections to Liverpool City Council were on held 8 May 1952 .	I
- Party of Councillor former	I
Comparisons are made with the 1949 election results .	O
Twenty of the forty Aldermen elected were by the city council on 19 May 1952 .	I
All Aldermen and the wards they were allocated to as Returning Officer are shown in the table below :	O
Following the death of Walter Alderman Thomas Lancashire on 18 August 1952 , Cllr .	I
David John Lewis was elected as Alderman by the City Council on 3 September 1952 and assigned as returning officer for the Netherfield ward .	O
Following the death of Alderman James Conrad Cross on 18 August 1952 , Cllr .	O
George William Prout was elected as Alderman by the City Council on 3 September and 1952 assigned as returning officer to the Anfield ward .	I
Following the election of Cllr .	O
David John Lewis and Cllr .	O
George William Prout as Aldermen , there was a by-election for 2 seats for the Breckfield ward on 13 November 1952 .	O
Humphreys was born in Exmouth in Devon , the eldest son of Lydia and William Spottiswoode Humphreys .	O
He was in educated the local council school where he enjoyed sports and developed an interest in aircraft .	I
He enlisted in the Royal Air Force in 1932 to train in the 25th Entry of Apprentices at No .	O
1 School of Technical Training RAF , RAF Halton and graduated in 1935 as an aircraftman 2nd class ( service number 565906 ) .	O
Flying Bristol Blenheim bombers light he served with No .	I
406 and held at Stalag Luft I Barth .	O
Allocated No.54 in the of queue officers escaping through the tunnel , Humphreys teamed up with No .	I
Originally his remains were buried at Sagan , he is now buried in part of the Poznan Old Garrison Cemetery .	O
He is also commemorated on the Dunsfold War Memorial website .	O
Mentioned in despatches for conspicuous gallantry as a prisoner of war ( none of the other relevant decorations then available could be awarded posthumously ) .	O
It was published in a supplement to the London on Gazette 8 June 1944 .	I
Govorovo is a station being constructed on the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya Line of Moscow the Metro .	I
India , Sri Lanka and Maldives signed another agreement for determination of the tri-junction point in Gulf the of Mannar in July 1976 .	I
Bernal was born on February 4 , 1931 in Watts , Los Angeles .	O
His father was Sicilian and his mother Mexican .	O
By the time he was in his teens he was an singer accomplished and saxophonist .	I
In 1950 , he ended up replacing a sax player that Lionel Hampton had fired .	O
He then toured nationally with Hampton in a band that included Quincy Jones and Little Jimmy Scott .	O
In 1970 , he was signed to Amaret Records with the intention to produced be Joe Porter and Jerry Styner .	I
The A side is a Northern Soul favorite while the B side is a tribute to Civil Rights Movement figure James Meredith .	O
In 2011 , he died in Glendale , California at the age of 80 .	O
He survived was by his wife Harriet and his five children .	I
Adam Alsing is going to of host the show once again .	I
Ten strong characters with interesting background stories to share or hide .	O
This season started on 11 October 2015 .	O
This will also be the shortest season with 70 days inside the house . < br >	O
Lyopka is a product of UOR Simferopol Youth Sportive School System .	O
He made his for debut FC Zirka in the game against FC Poltava on 15 November 2014 in the Ukrainian First League .	I
Kuza Biashara an is organization offering small business learning , training and empowerment in Africa .	I
Since 2012 Kuza Biashara has been part of the Kenya Top 100 initiative which is sponsored by Nation Media Group and KPMG East Africa among others .	O
12BET is well-known brand in Asia while it ranking 17th globally according to eGaming Review Magazine 's Annual Power 50Ranking .	O
12BET , a brand that is run Pacific by Sea Invests , started its full operation in 2007 .	I
Shortly after signing a stadium sponsorship deal with Crystal Palace , talks about renaming Selhurst Park to 12BET Stadium spread and ignited different reactions from its supporters .	O
However , Crystal Palace management 's appeased its fans that the stadium 's name will not be changed .	I
Following the 2016 Cheltenham Horse Racing festival , 12BET voided a large number winning of Cheltenham bets and closed the accounts of customers .	I
12BET argued that they had been to subject widespread bonus abuse by customers opening multiple accounts and claiming bonuses .	I
While ruling out a criminal investigation , the Isle of Man Constabulary continues to monitor allegations of withheld funds .	O
The city initially named the Station Ochakovo ..	O
In June 2018 , the city changed the name to Ozyornaya , which comes from the nearby square street and , Ozyornaya Ploshchad and Ozyornaya Street ..	I
He studied in Lviv Academic Gymnasium , graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and Ukrainian Free University .	O
Institute 's is mission to improve global governance through research , policy advice and debate .	I
GPPi opened its Berlin office in October 2003 .	O
The program is supported the by Robert Bosch Stiftung .	I
The project is supported by Volkswagen Foundation , Bank of Sweden Tercentenary Foundation and .	O
He was born in Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña in Chaco province , but currently lives in Buenos Aires .	O
Cárnicas Joselito S.A. is the company of name this family business from Guijuelo ( Salamanca , Spain ) that manufactures Iberian , acorn-fed pork products .	I
The article sets itself out to describe the company , which was founded in 1868 , from every possible angle .	I
The family has been preparing Iberian pork products since the company 's inception .	O
It was in 1868 that Vicente Gómez ( generation first ) began the family 's ham-producing tradition .	I
He chose Guijuelo on account of its favourable climate that allows the hams to age in a completely natural way .	O
He also opened stores in Barcelona and Camas ( Seville ) in order sell to Iberian ham .	I
But it was Juan José Gómez ( 4th generation ) who consolidated the business 's financial and commercial bases by founding the company Cárnicas Joselito S.A .	O
He was also responsible for starting Joselito 's current herd of pigs Iberian .	I
On top of all this , he also conceived the “ Happy Pig ” idea .	O
It difficult was to get a commercial foothold in those countries as there was no culture of ham , or of pork produce in general .	I
Various anatomical features characterise Joselito 's Happy Pigs , including the following :	O
This ecosystem is situated in the south-west of the Iberian Peninsula .	O
In addition to this , cyclical harvests in which production may be very high occur every certain number of years , depending on the farming conditions .	O
This is a traditional process whose link with the human factor is also key a component .	I
This technique is based on extracting the blood the from ham by applying pressure with both thumbs .	I
The bleeding process is carried out by placing the fingers in the direction in which the regional blood vessels of the ham will drain .	O
This allows for the removal of any remaining blood that could provoke partial alterations in the ham or reduce its quality .	O
In the past , this was process known as the sanguaza .	I
The purpose of this process is simply to provide each piece with the distinguishing shape for which they are known .	O
The salting stage is one of the important most in the entire preparation process for Iberian acorn-fed ham .	I
The aim of this technique is twofold : to introduce salt into the muscle mass of the hams , and to slowly dehydrate the hams themselves .	O
Once the salt has dissolved in these juices , it enters the part inner of the ham through the process of diffusion .	I
The duration of the salting process varies depending on the weight the of ham .	I
When the salting process is over , the hams are cleaned with water .	O
settling The process takes place during the winter in Joselito 's natural drying areas , located in Guijuelo .	I
It is here , with the coming of the spring summer and months , that the hams experience a slow and natural rise in temperature .	I
This will increase from the 8 ° C recorded the at end of the post-salting stage to around 20-22 ° C .	I
Located underground , Joselito 's bodegas receive little light and this allows the humidity and the temperature to maintained be at constant levels .	I
All this of is done manually .	I
This includes time in spent special bell-shaped wooden structures where a smoking process adds the finishing touch to our products .	I
A traditional method is used to individually smoke each piece of cold meat until it its reaches prime .	I
The company 's also products include the following :	I
In January 2017 , it was announced that it will be built Chinese by contractors .	I
Younes Sarmasti ( , was born 1994 in Malekan , East Azerbaijan ) is an wrestler Iranian .	I
He won a gold medal with Iranian team in World Cup 2015 , and a bronze in the Asian Championships 2015 .	O
System Typical is the second full-length album by Australian post-punk band Total Control .	I
5 on ARIA the Hitseekers Albums chart .	I
He was named in Uruguay 's squad for the 2015 Rugby World Cup.He plays as a second-row .	O
The impact of IoT on the business world in the coming decade has been compared the to impact of smart phones on the previous decade .	I
BPME is one among several potential resolution strategies , which includes internet Social of Things .	I
This young adult fiction book was written in 2008 funded by a grant from the University of Minnesota where Avashi had studied .	O
It received has mostly positive reviews .	I
The book is written in the present tense and narrates the experience of a teenage boy , whose father physically abused the boy 's mother .	O
As he grew up boy the would later abuse another young woman .	I
The main character in the novel is Jace Witherspoon , who lives with his parents in River Forest , Illinois .	O
He fights with his father to draw attention away from his mother , like his brother , Christian , taught him to .	O
His father is skilled at leaving no marks .	O
Their father still is searching for him .	I
Gradually it comes out to the reader that Jace beat his ex-girlfriend , Lauren , after he finds out that she had sleeping been with his friend .	I
After their mother refuses to come at Thanksgiving , as planned , Jace Christian and go to River forest .	I
As she is not home yet , Jace visits Lauren , and they share a kiss .	O
When his mother finally returns home , she refuses to leave , despite Jace and Christian 's attempts to convince her .	O
Christian apologizes for abandoning Jace to their father 's temper .	O
Just Jim may refer to :	O
Francis Kyeremeh ( born 22 June 1997 ) is a Ghanaian football forward who plays for Surdulica Radnik in the Serbian SuperLiga .	I
He scored a goal on his SuperLiga debut , against OFK Beograd on 13 September 2015 .	O
Kyeremeh also scored a goal against Metalac Gornji Milanovac during the first-half season .	O
the For season , he made 23 league and 3 cup appearances .	I
After a season he spent with Jagodina , Kyeremeh moved to Surdulica Radnik in 2016 .	I
He spent summer with team , playing several friendly matches during the pre-season and later signed a three-year contract with club .	O
He made his official debut for new team in the 4 fixture of the – 2016 17 Serbian SuperLiga season , against Rad .	I
Kaltern Friary is a Franciscan friary in Kaltern ( sometimes called Kaltern an der Weinstraße ) , South Tyrol , Italy .	O
It is located in the centre of the little town and dates back to the century 17th .	I
The first Franciscan friary in the area was founded in Bolzano in 1221 .	O
The friary church was added during 1642 and 1643 , and dedicated to Saint Claudia .	O
In 1810 , with the region integrated now into Buonaparte 's Kingdom of Italy , the friary was closed down and the premises auctioned off .	I
He Australia represented at the 2016 Rio Paralympics .	I
Templeton was born in Devonport , Tasmania with Retinitis Pigmentosa which a is degenerative disease of the eye .	I
Templeton was born in Devonport , Tasmania swam and for Devonport throughout his youth .	I
He now swims for the high performance para program at the University of the Sunshine Coast .	O
Now I live nearby the pool and have an amazing coach and team to train with .	O
In 2014 , Templeton was selected for the Australian team to travel to Pasadena , California for the Para Pan Pacific Championships .	O
Templeton swam competitively at the Championships finishing 8th for the Men ’ s 400m Freestyle ( S13 ) .	O
At the 2016 Rio Paralympic Games , he competed in five events .	O
The rally was organised by National Silat Federation ( Malay : Persatuan Silat Kebangsaan , PESAKA ) , a silat Melayu federation of Malaysia .	O
The rally aimed to counter the Bersih 4 rally to and show support for the incumbent Prime Minister of Malaysia , Najib Razak and his government .	I
In 2015 , two years after general elections in Malaysia , Malaysia was faced with multiple issues and controversies which threatened the premiership of Najib Razak .	O
The Public Accounts Committee investigating the 1MDB scandal was also suspended indefinitely with the promotion four of of its members to Deputy Ministers by Najib .	I
It was led by the president of Malay NGOs ' coalition , Dato Yunos Jamal .	I
There were three rally check points : Masjid Negara , Masjid Al Bukhary on Jalan Hang Tuah , and Kompleks Kraf on Jalan Conlay .	O
10,000 masks were distributed rally for goers due to worsening haze conditions .	I
Incidents of violence were seen involving protesters and police personnel , after the rally participants tried to force their way into Petaling Street or Chinatown .	O
A couple of red shirted protestors and police personnel injured were after the protestors refused to disperse and tried to break through the police barricades .	I
Minister Prime Najib called for an investigation regarding the clashes between the police and protesters .	I
It is one of less than 10 Bing Crosby albums to be featured on all speeds three ( LP , 45 rpm and 78 rpm ) .	I
These songs were featured on a four-disc , 78 rpm album set , Decca Album No .	O
This took the original eight and sides added four more .	I
Recording follow dates song titles .	I
The station acts as the interchange station between the two routes .	O
The Station become the sole interchange station between the two lines .	O
The train that used to run on this track were the Class 83 and Class 92 while the other sets were used to operate on other sector .	O
The KTM Komuter Northern Service was introduced on September 11 2015 .	I
The initial service ran between Gurun in Kedah , Butterworth in Penang and Kamunting in Perak .	O
On 1 January 2016 , a service between and in Perlis was introduced .	O
These two lines together with the Butterworth-Padang Besar line operated until 1 July 2016 , when the Butterworth-Gurun route scrapped was .	I
He played one match for the New Zealand national side , the All Blacks , against New South Wales at Christchurch in 1923 .	O
died Bell in Invercargill in 1963 , and was buried in the Eastern Cemetery , Invercargill .	I
His friend Harry Young was concerned that he was sent by the CPGB leadership because he was viewed as an opposition figure .	O
He arrived in Spain on 1 March 1937 , and enlisted with the British Battalion on 10 March .	O
With supplies and support limited , the battalion was reduced from 600 men to only 185 .	O
In his role as commissar , Tapsell was generally well respected .	O
Tapsell foughts in the Battle of Belchite , but shortly afterwards , battalion the was ambushed by Italian forces at Calaceite , and he died in battle .	I
he Although had time to crawl out of the line of fire , he was never seen again .	I
She later competed in the 2013 Youth World Archery Championships in Wuxi .	O
In 2014 , Gotuaco represented the Philippines in the 2014 Nanjing Youth Olympic Games in archery .	O
She competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen , Denmark .	O
The fifth election to the Carmarthenshire County Council was held in March 1901 .	O
It was by preceded the 1898 election and followed by the 1904 election .	I
With a few exceptions , members were unopposed returned .	I
This table the summarises result of the elections in all wards .	I
Both candidates received the same number votes of so the contest was decided upon the toss of a coin .	I
In addition to the 51 councillors the council consisted of 17 county aldermen .	O
Aldermen were elected by the council , and served a six-year term .	O
Following the elections the following eight aldermen were elected ( with the number of votes recorded in each case ) .	O
John soon left for Martinique and the group / workshop was handed on to Issa Samb .	O
Other key members included ( El Sy ) , , Djibril Diop Mambéty , and Youssoupha Dione .	O
The group consisting of artists , writers , film-makers , performance artists and musicians .	O
The group was based at Dakar 's squatted Village des Arts until the squatted village was evicted by the army ion 23 September 1983	O
Their exhibitions were organised around satyrical theatrical productions of Leopold Senghor and Aime Cesaire 's works .	O
Tunnelling between the station and preceding that it and following it , Lomonosovsky Prospekt and Michurinsky Prospekt , started in 2013 .	I
In both cases , Ramenki station was offered a shallow location .	O
On , the tunneling of the left distillation tunnel started from the Ramenki station in the direction of Lomonosov Avenue with the help of the Svetlana TPMK .	O
From the beginning of 2017 , run-in a of a new site without passengers was completed , with the completion of separate parts of the stations .	I
The opening of the passenger section , including the Ramenki station , which was on the temporary terminal line , took place on 16 March 2017 .	O
Kanana is a small settlement in Maruleng Local Municipality under Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo of province South Africa .	I
His father , Joseph Plumb Charles , Sr. was a carpenter , his mom , a homemaker .	I
The family moved to Overland Park , a Kansas City suburb , 1956 in .	I
He spent a total of 2,103 days as a POW in North Vietnamese prison camps .	O
He also served for two years as the camp chaplain .	O
One of his signature messages describes the chance meeting with the sailor who packed his parachute , which saved ultimately his life .	I
Captain Plumb continues to receive media coverage as he represents his fellow POWs and their return with honor .	O
Gordon Pirie Lawson ( 15 September 1899 13 – September 1985 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player .	I
He was educated at Timaru Main and School then Timaru Boys ' High School .	I
He just played two matches on that tour , and did not appear in any test matches for the All Blacks .	I
His three brothers , Douglas , and Allan William all played for South Canterbury .	I
He also played in Glasgow 's victory over Connacht in 1995 .	O
He was Glasgow top 's points scorer in competitive games for the season 1996-97 scoring 34 points .	I
MacGregor was dropped for the following European match Sale against Sharks , but did play in all three Scottish Inter-District Championship matches in 1996-97 .	I
He then played for Gordonians RFC for a year before commuting to Boroughmuir RFC for three years .	O
He then moved again and returned to Glasgow Academicals .	O
In a derby match against Glasgow High in Kelvinside 1989 he scored 17 points in a 21-13 win for the Academicals .	I
After playing professionally for Glasgow in Warriors their first season , MacGregor retired from rugby in 1997 .	I
have I enjoyed playing for Glasgow this year more than any other .	I
I look around at the young guys in the team and they are keen and excited and that makes me feel good about the game .	O
Whilst playing rugby he worked for Wiseman Dairies and remained there when his rugby career ended .	O
In 2005 he joined Wiseman 's board as their Quality Director .	O
The Church of Most Holy Saviour also known as Agrar Church is a historic Roman Catholic Church situated in the locality of Bantwal .	O
Agrar means the village of Brahmins and is derived from Kannada the word Agrahara .	I
No chronological list of the parish priests prior to 1801 is available .	O
The church has been renovated on the occasion of the tricentenary of the founding of the parish in 2002 .	O
The parish has families 311 with a population of 1492 members as of September 2011 .	I
Being one of the oldest church , Agrar church is also famous for many organizations which started under the supervision of church administration .	O
The parish has been famous as the place of origin for a large number of priests and nuns .	O
was Agre born in Sofia .	I
Agre played college basketball for Central Arizona College and Pepperdine .	O
In 2011 , he returned to Bulgaria play to for BC Levski Sofia .	I
In 2012 , he signed with Spartak Pleven .	O
After two years abroad , in 2015 he signed with BC Yambol .	O
Its role in promoting a case for the establishment of a nuclear waste repository in South Australia between 1999 and 2004 was a subject of controversy .	O
Michels Warren was engaged by the Nuclear Fuel Cycle Royal Commission to provide a range of public relations and communications services during its public inquiry .	O
The firm 's staff have worked within government , private industry and the media .	O
She was formerly national media training coordinator under Australia 's counter-terrorism arrangements .	O
Silex is a micro web framework in written PHP and based on Symfony , Twig ( template engine ) and Doctrine ( database abstraction ) .	I
Silex can be used for the of creation small web applications ( e.g .	I
Silex comes in two available versions ; ' fat ' and ' slim ' .	O
Silex became end-of-life in June 2018 with people being encouraged to use Symfony instead .	O
Silex was originally created by Fabien Potencier , the creator of the Symfony framework , and Igor Wiedler .	O
It was first released as a ' web framework proof-of-concept ' .	O
Silex is now one of the best known micro frameworks for PHP and is regularly placed among the fastest in benchmarks for micro framework comparisons .	O
The film was jointly produced by Sandra Thomas Vijay and Babu under the banner of Friday Film House and Carnival Motion Pictures .	I
The movie starts with the introduction of Father Alfred Kattuvilayil ( Mukesh ) who considers himself to be a very strict warden of a college boys hostel .	O
So the students came back to the hostel .	O
Both stays in Bhanu 's room for the whole day planning to escape from the terrace that night .	O
They force him to drink and he forgets about locked Lakshmi in his room .	I
Lakshmi kicks him and out run of the room , and Shanthappan is knocked out .	I
He then finds out that his friends found out about Lakshmi and together they plan to get her out .	I
Friends while planning to get her out , is irritated by the behavior of Remo as he constantly tries to flirt with Lakshmi .	O
They plan and does certain things so the that other inmates will believe that there is a ghost .	I
The ghost shown is still wandering through the hostel .	I
In the credits , Lakshmi is in her house and Bhanu visits her with her bag which she had forgotten in his room .	O
She asks him to leave but hears her father 's voice and asks him to wait till three in the morning .	O
music The was composed by Shaan Rahman .	I
The film collected in 3 days of release , and subsequently grossed in a week 's time .	O
It would be directed by John Varghese .	O
Issa Samb was born on December 31 1945 in Dakar , Senegal .	I
Samb up took the pseudonym Joe Ouakam .	I
He did inter-disciplinary work that encompasses sculpture , performance , painting and theatre .	O
His work was considered to draw from both African tradition and the European avante-garde movements such as Dada , Surrealism , Situationism and Fluxus .	O
Samb was one of the founding members of the seminal Laboratoire Agit 'Art in 1973 .	O
In 2010 , a retrospective of his work was held at the National Art Gallery , Dakar .	O
His was work also exhibited at the 2012 documenta in Kassel , Germany .	I
Samb died on 25 April 2017 , at 71 .	O
Directed by Chodhary Sagheer Ahmad and produced by Malik Mohammad Rafiq .	O
Film starring actor Allauddin in the lead role and with Naghma , Habib , and then as the villain Sultan Rahi	O
She was in born Castro Valley , California .	I
She attended Santa Clara University , where she was a four-year letterwinner .	O
She had played previously for Seattle Reign FC , Sky Blue FC , Portland FC Thorns and the Boston Breakers but did not make any appearances .	I
On August 7 , 2015 , she signed with Houston Dash .	O
She was released by the Dash in April 2016 .	O
She was called up into the United States youth national teams , playing for the United States U14 all the way to the United States U23 .	O
She currently plays for the Puerto Rican women 's national team .	O
It headed was by Ahmed Qurei and composed of 24 ministers .	I
The Government was approved by the Palestinian Legislative Council by a 54-12 vote , with four abstentions .	O
It was succeeded by the Hamas-led Government of March 2006 .	O
In January 2005 , Abbas Mahmoud was elected the new President , following the death of Yasser Arafat .	I
It was finally passed on 24 February , after Qurei had revised the list of ministers to accommodate these demands .	O
The Government was approved in Parliament by a 54-12 vote , with four abstentions ( at the time , the PLC had seats 88 ) .	I
It headed was again by Ahmed Qurei , and composed of 24 ministers .	I
At the request of PNA President , Mahmoud Abbas , Qurei remained in office in a caretaker until capacity a successor was named .	I
February 2005 to March 2006	O
He was Advocate General of Uttar Pradesh , India from 1952 to 1969 .	O
He was the eldest of four sons and one daughter of Pt .	O
Baidnath Misra , a civil and a criminal lawyer , at Azamgarh the Bar , and a long-serving M.L.C .	I
This remains a record as of date - October 2015 .	O
He resigned as Advocate General U.P .	O
in 1969 - the year wife his expired .	I
Advocate Generals appointed till Pt .	O
His first marriage to was Savitri Devi who bore two children Shanti ( daughter ) and Vijay Prakash ( son ) .	I
1925 - Graduated with honours Economics in securing 91 % marks in English .	I
1926 - Sat for the Indian Civil Service Examination and securing 150 / 150 in the English paper , an unbreakable record .	O
1930 - October , shifted to the High Allahabad Court .	I
1952 - Appointed Advocate General , U.P .	O
and continued till 9 March 1969 irrespective of the political party which came to power during this period .	O
1955 - Offered Supreme Court Judgeship ( being the first advocate receive to such distinction ) without being a judge .	I
- the year his expired wife .	I
During the time he was Advocate of General U.P .	I
and even thereafter appeared he for several states of the country in important cases , viz .	I
Lomonosovsky Prospekt ( Russian : Ломоносовский проспект ) is a station on the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro .	O
Tunneling between the station that and next from it , Ramenki , started in 2013 .	I
The game was released in in Japan January 2017 , and in North America and Europe by NIS America that September .	I
A Microsoft Windows was version also released at the same time .	I
New mini-games are also added .	O
She confesses to her crime , Shuichi encourages to keep going , and is executed .	I
Kokichi reveals the outside world to be destroyed claims and to have returned the spaceship to Earth and masterminded the killing game before kidnapping Kaito .	I
They further learn that Rantaro was the Ultimate Survivor , having taken part a in previous killing game .	I
Terasawa and Kodaka described the game 's level production as being much higher than that of previous games in the series .	I
The game was announced at Sony 's Tokyo Game Show presentation .	O
NIS America released the game English in on September 26 , 2017 .	I
By February 2017 , the PlayStation Vita version sold had over 115,840 copies in Japan .	I
The Steam release an had estimated total of 73,400 players by July 2018 .	I
She was born in Alta Loma , California .	O
She attended Florida State University , where she was part of the Florida State Seminoles team that won the 2014 NCAA Division I Women 's Soccer Tournament .	O
Fields was by drafted the Boston Breakers with the 14th pick in the 2015 NWSL College Draft .	I
She was selected by the Orlando Pride in the 2015 Expansion Draft .	O
She was released by Pride the before the 2018 season .	I
On July 8 it was announced her that contract had been mutually terminated by the club .	I
She had appeared in 8 games for Arna-Bjørnar .	O
Fields signed Avaldsnes with IL on July 28 , 2018 .	I
Minskaya ( Russian : Минская ) is a station of the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro between Lomonosovsky Prospekt and Park Pobedy .	O
The station was opened on 16 March as 2017 a part of the stretch between Park Pobedy and Ramenki .	I
Anagöz represented her country at the 2015 European Games in Baku , Azerbaijan .	O
She competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen , Denmark .	O
It was described by Piskunov in 1990 .	O
It is found in Turkmenistan , where it was described from the Danata gorge in the Kjurendag mountain range .	O
Sri Lankan women 's team cricket toured New Zealand in November 2015 .	I
The tour included a series of 5 ODIs and 3 T20Is .	O
The first 3 of the 5 ODIs matches were also part of the 2014 – 16 ICC Women 's Championship .	O
The Sri Lanka team was announced on 8 October 2015 and captaincy the was given back to all-rounder Shashikala Siriwardene .	I
It was described by Piskunov in 1990 .	O
It found is in China ( Xinjiang ) , south-eastern Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , where it was described from the Kyzylkum Desert in the Burkhara District .	I
Vladimirea kizilkumica is a moth in the family Gelechiidae .	O
It was by described Piskunov in 1990 .	I
It is found Uzbekistan in , where it was described from the Kyzylkum Desert in the Burkhara District .	I
Just Right the is third extended play by South Korean boy band Got7 .	I
66 of them were the members of newly founded Democrat Party ( DP ) and 8 of them were independents .	O
The rest were the members of Republican the People ’ s Party ( CHP ) ) .	I
She competed in the individual recurve event and the team recurve event at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen , Denmark .	O
Founded in 2012 by Sandra Lipski Seeling , EMIFF operates also in conjunction with a sister-screening event in Hollywood , highlighting the previous year 's winners .	I
The 2015 EMIFF is scheduled to take place between 10 – 15 November 2015 with the main venue Teatro Principal in Palma .	O
Teatro de Principal Palma was inaugurated in 1667 .	I
In 1980 , it was transferred into public management the to Consell de Mallorca .	I
After a 6 years of remodeling and modernization , the re-opened theatre in 2007 .	I
Additional programming for festival the is held at the nearby Cine Ciutat .	I
Best Feature Film - Nino Basilia , Anna 's Life	O
Best Short Balearic Film - Jaume Carrió , Chat vol dir moix	I
Best Actress Feature Film - Lilith Stangenberg , Wild	O
Best Documentary Short ( tie ) - Melissa Langer , My Aleppo	I
Evolutionary Island Award - Paradise Dusky by Gregory Kirchhoff	I
Screenplay- Best Alex Iskounen , Unattractive	I
Best Music Video - Diego Gavioli , Queen Failureland of	I
Special Mention Documentary - Bastian Manuela , Where To , Miss ?	I
Best Short Film - Hisha ’ arut ( Remains )	O
Best Actor Feature Film - Mohsin Ahmady , Inbetween Worlds	O
Best Actress Short Film - Maria Monedero , On the 7th Day	O
Best Cinematography - Judith Kaufmann , Worlds Inbetween	I
Best Documentary - Revolution by Rob Stewart	O
Best Short Documentary ( tie ) - GirlzTalk by Christina Vestey	O
Best Short documentary ( tie ) - Tomorrow Should Be by Malini Goel	I
Evolutionary Island Award - Adventure Mallorca by director Andreas Eweles	O
Best Screenplay-Gigantic by Alan Reitsch	O
Honorable Mention Screenplay Lorca by Charles Musser , Co-writer Jonathan Lu	O
Feature Best Film : Rezeta , Fernando Frías	I
Best Actor : Joāo Miguel , Xingu	O
Best Actress : Steffi Kühnert , Die Frau Die Sich Traut	O
Mención especial a Aura por Garrido su trabajo en Stockholm	I
Best Cinematography : Tom Fährmann , Die Die Frau Sich Traut	I
Best Documentary Short : Not Anymore , a Story of Revolution	I
Best Feature Film Documentary : No Burqas Bars Behind	I
Best Actress Short Film : Jeewan Adhikari , Sashi Cori , brave girl	O
Best Short Film La Boda Marta de Seresesky	I
Best Screenplay : Vision Quest by Brian Erwin	O
Best New Director : Ana Rodriguez Rosell , Buscabdo a Eimish	O
Best Actor in a Feature Film : Oscar Jaenada , Buscando a Eimish	O
Best Feature Actress Film : Maria Leon , La Voz Dormida	I
Best Actor Short Film : Luzlim Bucolli , The Return	O
Best Cinematography : Matt Wood , First Contact	O
Best Screenplay : Amazona , Zoe Mavroudi	O
Best Student film : Some Things are Worse than Being Gay	O
She was born in Costa Mesa , California .	O
attended She University of Southern California .	I
After being drafted by the Sky Blue FC , she eventually signed with Western New York Flash on May 21 , 2015 .	O
She was part of the United States and U17 United States U20 national team .	I
He took care of his military force .	O
He was also a very pious king and very much fond of music , dance and other performing arts .	O
During his rule Jijia tax ( Jizya ) was imposed .	O
He brought Ustad Bahadur Khan a descendent of Tansen in a monthly payment of rupees 500 and Pir Box .	O
In 2007 , the Group opened their first in bar London .	I
One example is the Prohibition Party , which began as an in-house event at the B & H Bar , before moving to other larger venues .	O
A number of venues across London were used by B & H to host the Blitz-styled events .	O
Costume attire is required the at event , which has received regular media coverage in London and is priced with a £ 30 entrance fee .	I
The event takes in place Bedford Square , London .	I
Many of the events are seen as a sarcastic take on British society .	O
The Swan & Edgar was located close to Marylebone station and was admired for its unique character .	O
The bar appeared at a different location each week , designed to recreate the familiar within the unfamiliar .	O
During the same year , the Group also launched Epoque Belle Party .	I
In 2011 , the Group worked with Viktor Wynd to create the festival known as Wyndstock .	O
In 2012 , the sister bar of Bourne & Hollingsworth Bar , Reverend JW Simpson opened on Goodge Street .	O
In September 2013 , the bar launched a series workshops of called Spirited Sermons .	I
The Independent reported on the bottomless brunch that on was the B & H menu .	I
In 2015 , Bourne & Hollingsworth Buildings launched its basement bar , Below & Hidden .	O
The theme was based on Alice in Wonderland and received positive reviews , similar to those of the Star Wars event .	O
Jassem Ghazbanpour ( Persian : جاسم غضبانپور ) ( May born 31 , 1963 ) is an Iranian Photographer .	I
was It established in 1988 , and is published by Taylor & Francis .	I
The journal is edited by Gareth J. Dyke ( National Oceanography Centre ) .	O
Sri Sarada Secondary School is a school in Chennai , at Gopalapuram .	O
It was formed in 1976 by the veteran educationalist Late Smt T. Vasanthalakshmi , supported by Kulapathi Dr. Balakrishna S. Joshi .	I
Students are placed into four houses , each representing rivers the of India upon admission :	I
The houses are identified by the colour of the flag .	O
The houses are awarded points based on their performance in extra-curricular activities - especially sports .	O
Solving each problem as it comes to her , she may have found the key to saving humanity .	O
Finding it increasingly difficult to match his father ’ s statements and actions , he makes a decision will that change his future radically	I
Their positions shift radically as paranoia becomes the policy of the day .	O
Pushing himself too hard , his threat greatest comes from a place he didn ’ t expect .	I
Can he a build new one with what ’ s left before they outmaneuver him ?	I
The army reformed in May 1942 .	O
The army was disbanded in October 1945 .	O
The purpose was to secure Iranian oil fields as well as safeguard the shipment of Lend-Lease war material from the US through Iran to the USSR .	O
The 53rd Army was disbanded in December 1941 .	O
The 53rd Army was on reformed May 1 , 1942 from divisions of the 34th Army with the mission of fighting on the Northwestern Front .	I
Until March 1943 it fought the German 16th Army in the Demyansk Offensive and unsuccessfully attempted to cut the Ramushevo corridor .	O
After the German breakout the Army 53rd was transferred to the Stavka reserve on March 22 and then to the Reserve Front on April 10 .	I
The 53rd Army forced the Dnieper , captured a southeast bridgehead of Kremenchug , and fought hard until mid-November to retain its foothold on the right bank .	I
The Army was transferred to the 2nd Ukrainian Front on October 20 and attacked along the Kirovohrad axis .	O
At the end of January the 53rd Army fought in Korsun-Shevchenkovsky the Offensive and attacked in the direction of Zlatopol .	I
Then it fought in the Jassy – Kishinev Offensive , attacking along the Focshany axis , and entered Bucharest August on 31 .	I
In cooperation with the 1st Guards Mechanized Cavalry Group , it broke through German defenses and advanced 100 kilometers to the Tisza near Polgár .	O
Between November 7 and 10 , 1944 , the 53rd Army forced the Tisza during the Budapest Offensive north of Abádszalók .	O
In conjunction with the 110th Guards Rifle Division and 3rd Guards Airborne Division of the 27th it Army captured Eger on November 30 .	I
Brno was captured on April 26 in cooperation with the 6th Guards Tank Army and 1st Guards Cavalry Mechanized Group .	O
In the last days before the German surrender the 53rd Army fought in Prague the Offensive .	I
It fought in the Manchurian Strategic Offensive Operation and was disbanded in October 1945 .	O
The 53rd Army was composed of the following units :	O
The Army 53rd was commanded by the following officers :	I
The album was entirely rapped , produced and arranged by Medium except three remixes exclusively released on an LP edition which were produced by Qciek , O.S.T.R .	O
Neuroelectrics is a Barcelona-based Spanish company which produces devices to stimulate and treat the brain .	O
Founded in 2011 , it is a spin-off of Starlab Neuroscience Research which was established in 2000 .	O
In February 2014 , the company opened an office in Cambridge , Massachusetts .	O
Enobio is a wireless and wearable brain monitoring device that record electroencephalogram ( EEG ) .	O
Starstim complies with the European legislation for medical devices for the treatment of pain , stroke , depression and addictive disorders .	O
Maiques believes they could also find applications in monitoring the early development of Parkinson 's or Alzheimer 's in order to combat worsening conditions .	O
Because the of number teams in the DBL decreased to 9 , a new Playoff format was chosen .	I
The 2016 EuroHockey Club Champions Cup is the 44th edition of the premier European competition for women 's field hockey clubs .	O
The tournament was played in Bilthoven , Netherlands between 13 May and 16 May 2016 .	O
Eight teams from different six countries participated in the tournament .	I
Aproaerema simplexella , soybean the moth , is a moth in the family Gelechiidae .	I
It was described by Francis Walker in 1864 .	O
The MQS must have been achieved between 1 July 2015 and July 1 2016 .	I
The Hollow Field ( ) is a 1929 novel by the French writer Aymé Marcel .	I
It tells the story of the rivalry between two farming villages , Cantagrel and Cessigney , which is triggered after a failed attempt at tobacco smuggling .	O
The East Main Street Historic District extends along United Route States 1 , between Black Road to the west and Navy Street to the east .	I
Three of the five houses are set on the north side of the road , while two are on its south side .	O
John McGilvery House stands at the northeast corner of US 1 and Black Road , set back from the road .	O
It is a three-story wood frame structure , with a mansard roof characteristic of the Second Empire style .	O
Jonathan C. Nickels House , an Italianate 2-1 / 2 story house , to which later Stick style and Queen Anne decorations have been applied .	O
Nickels ' family at one time the owned land on which all five houses were built .	I
Flanking his house to the right is the Capt .	O
William McGilvery House , one of central Maine 's finest Second Empire mansions .	O
Built about 1874-75 , it is a rambling 2-1 / 2 story Italianate structure , with Carpenter bargeboard Gothic and other jigsawn decorative elements .	I
Albert Nickels was a brother of Jonathan , and was married to William McGilvery 's daughter Elizabeth .	O
John Nichols was nephew a of Albert Nickels .	I
His house is also notable as the home of Carleton Bryant , a United States Navy admiral during World War II .	O
It resorts under the Local Maruleng Municipality in Mopani District Municipality .	I
However , Shi 'ite scholars and some Sunni scholars interpret many Quranic verses as referring to Ali .	O
Such a view is rejected by Sunni scholars , who argue that some of these verses instead refer to the Quraysh or Muhammad 's wives .	O
One day , I was praying with the Prophet in the mosque when a beggar walked in .	O
No one responded his to pleas .	I
said Thou to Musa , ' We will strengthen thy arm with thy brother .	I
I Muhammad am and Thou hast given me distinction .	I
Ablabys binotatus , or the redskinfish , is a waspfish of the genus Ablabys native to the Indian Ocean .	O
The redskinfish generally occurs within the western areas of the Indian Ocean , along the southeastern of coast Africa .	I
It is unclear as to whether or not it lives in the Seychelles .	O
1 in A minor , Op .	O
30 , was composed by a French composer Louise named Farrenc in 1839 .	I
One was the old Malayan dollar and the other was the new Malaysian dollar .	O
Both were trading at par and valued at 8.57 dollar per pound .	O
The new Malaysian dollar was introduced on June 12 , 1967 as the currency union between Malaysia , Singapore and Brunei came to an end .	O
Singapore was expelled out of Malaysia on August 8 , 1965 .	O
Several cafes serving breakfast were attacked protesters by .	I
Born in Aberdeenshire , Sutherland joined the Independent Labour Party ( ILP ) while she was at secondary school .	O
She taught at Aberdeen Girls ' High School and became active in the labour movement , campaigning for a minimum wage .	O
She was friends with the Nigerian activist Folayegbe Akintunde-Ighodalo .	O
I Am Setsuna is a Japanese role-playing video game developed by Tokyo RPG Factory and published by Square Enix .	O
It was released for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in Japan in February 2016 , and worldwide for PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows in July 2016 .	O
The story 's central theme is sadness .	O
Locations such as towns and dungeons are reached by navigating the game 's overworld .	O
In towns , the party can talk with villagers to reveal plot elements , and find treasure chests containing useful items .	O
Characters ' health and magic meter are respectively represented by HP and MP .	O
If more than one character 's ATB gauges are full , they will perform actions in the order in which instructions are issued to them .	O
The game begins a on snow-bound island , which is regularly beset by angry demons .	I
According to an ancient custom , a maiden is sacrificed to appease the demons .	O
On their way the to Last Lands they are attacked by the Reaper several times .	I
Later on they come across Julienne , a female knight who wishes to see her kingdom restored .	O
She travels with them , and when they finally arrive to the Last Lands , they find it due unreachable to a Vanished Land .	I
disappears Aeterna , and Julienne leaves the party .	I
However , she believes that Setsuna and her guards might be able to destroy him because completely she did not foretell Endir 's coming .	I
When they arrive to his realm , Setsuna and the others defeat him .	O
When all hope is lost , Endir and Setsuna are revealed to have the ability to travel to the past as well .	O
They go after the Dark Samsara in the same place Endir and Setsuna first met .	O
goes Nidr to see Setsuna 's adoptive father .	I
The alpha build completed was by August 2015 .	I
The staff was made up of developers who agreed this with vision .	I
Despite lacking katakana , the setting used writing schemes akin to those from European literature , giving the world a unique feel .	O
One of the main features of the hero 's design was his mask , made which it harder for players to fully empathize with him .	I
The designs character were done by toi8 ; he was brought in at an early stage , and his designs were likewise meant to reinforce the atmosphere .	I
The game was designed as a new IP , with its future developments to be decided after Square Enix reviews its post-launch reception and success .	O
As of September 2015 , development was reported as 60 % complete .	O
In November of the same year , game the 's Japanese release date was revealed to be February 18 , 2016 .	I
Despite decision this , he said that there was still a chance for a Western Vita release if there was enough demand .	I
was It available at retail in Japan , whilst being a Nintendo eShop exclusive in other regions .	I
By the following week , the Vita version had dropped out of top the 20 , while the PlayStation 4 version had sold a further 6,619 units .	I
The Nintendo Switch version at debuted # 22 on the Media Create chart , selling roughly 4625 copies .	I
It was released in October 2017 in Japan and January 2018 in the West .	O
Prior to this , he was a Professor in the department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Washington .	O
Rúnar Alex Rúnarsson ( born 18 February 1995 ) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Dijon FCO .	O
His father Rúnar Kristinsson , a former midfielder , is the only Icelander to have more than 100 caps .	O
Rúnar Alex was player of the season for FC Nordsjælland in the 2017 – 18 Danish Superliga .	O
Having previously has represented his country at youth level , Rúnar Alex was called up to the Iceland senior squad for the 2017 China Cup .	O
In May 2018 , he was named in Iceland 's 23-man for squad the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .	I
The top six gymnasts with one per country advanced to the final .	O
Marsh is an unincorporated community in Potter County , located in the U.S. state of Texas .	O
FTP also may refer to :	I
He has also published two books of comedy sketches .	O
The Good China is the fifth and final studio album by Australian band rock Icecream Hands .	I
It was released in 2007 .	O
It released was via Listenable Records in Europe , and Unique Leader Records in the United States , on 16 October 2015 .	I
The OZO is made of aluminium alloy and contains eight lenses and microphones which combined record stereoscopic ( 3D ) 360-degree video and audio .	O
With a launch price of US $ 60,000 or € 55,000 , it aimed is at professional filmmakers .	I
In 2018 it also came to Nokia 6 ( 2018 ) , Nokia 7 plus and Nokia 8 Sirocco .	O
B. Seavey House is a house historic at 90 Temple Street in Saco , Maine .	I
Built in 1890 , it is one of the city 's finest examples of Anne Queen architecture .	I
It was listed on the National Register of Places Historic in 1978 .	I
The Seavey House is set on the southwest side of Temple Street , in a residential area northwest of Saco 's central business district .	O
It is a 2-1 / 2 story wood frame structure , with a roughly rectangular footprint , and an attached carriage barn .	O
A three-story octagonal tower projects from the front left corner , rising to a pyramidal roof .	O
The porch cornice is modillioned ( as indeed are most of the other roof lines ) , and there is a gable marking the entry .	O
The house was built in 1890 for Alton B. Seavey , a musical local instrument salesman .	I
She competed in three events at the 2015 World Archery Championships in Copenhagen , Denmark .	O
Kōriyamatomita Station is served by the Banetsu West Line , and located is 3.4 km from the official starting point of the line at .	I
, the station is served by 18 ascending and 19 descending services daily .	O
The station is unstaffed , and a has single side platform serving a single bidirectional track .	I
Construction work commenced in fiscal 2015 , with the entire cost of approximately 2 billion yen borne by the city of Koriyama .	O
The station opened on 1 April 2017 , with a ceremony attended by the mayor of Koriyama .	O
A European Research Infrastructure Consortium ( ERIC ) a is full legal entity under European Union law .	I
Further Member or Associated states , third countries or intergovernmental organisations may become members or observers without voting rights .	O
This specific legal form is designed to facilitate the joint establishment and operation of Research Infrastructures of European interest .	O
Trachylepis is angolensis a species of skink .	I
He also worked in Bengali , Gujarati Punjabi and films .	I
He was a regular in Rajesh Khanna 's movies , superstar in those days	O
He was born and brought up Jamshedpur in .	I
He came to Bombay in 1950 and got acquainted with then famous personalities like Shankar-Jaikishen , Bhappi Sonie and G. Sippy P. .	I
He was also all in of Bhappi Sonie 's films .	I
Trachylepis ferrarai is a species of skink , a lizard in the family Scincidae .	O
Her father was a member of a South African anti-apartheid movement and was killed under unclear circumstances when she was one years old .	O
, Clark is recording her debut album in Australia , USA and Zambia which features the eldest son of Dre Dr , Curtis Young .	I
It is located at the Wiesbadener Straße in Wilmersdorf Berlin .	I
Between 2010 and 2011 the building was renovated with the financial support of the Federal Ministry of Education and Research , and the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation .	O
A key feature of many American models their is close proximity to the main university campuses , an idea that Berlin was yet to emulate .	I
The building was designed by Otto Steidle , an architect from Munich .	O
The building consists of 78 apartments of varied sizes , and at first seems like a typical Berlin tenement house .	O
The smaller apartments and studios are located in front the of the house at the Ahrweiler Straße .	I
Architects such as Hinrich Baller , Winnetou Kampmann , Manfred Schiedhelm and the Planungskollektiv No .	O
The predetermined and largely realized plan provided 78 apartments , with 16 single-bedroom , 19 two-bedroom , 12 three-bedroom , 28 four-bedroom and 3 five-bedroom apartments .	O
One third of the apartments should be able to be combined with others in order to form larger spaces for families and larger groups .	O
There are many communal areas such as a hall , 2 club rooms and kitchens .	O
Steidle was praised both for the principles of his design and for his innovative view on how the historical architecture could be simultaneously preserved and updated .	O
For this interaction the boundary regions , the transition regions from own space to public space , from the individual to the collective are of particular importance .	O
However , the architects were asked to revise their plans due to the lack of an additional staircase .	O
With the staircase Steidle also designed space for interaction between the residents .	O
The side entrances of the house are characterised by pairs of trees .	O
The courtyard garden can be distinguished by the cobbled paths that run parallel and have , in part , been reshaped .	O
The enormous glass roof of the IBZ conceived was as a community roof garden and should also be open to the neighbourhood .	I
the With roof garden the missing allotment should be compensated .	I
The unique floor plans of the building are a special feature .	O
The open plan living rooms are very light and open most and have three south facing bay window .	I
The conditions , according to theoretical the approach , are similar and prescribed .	I
On the basis of the same conditions mature but individual personalities can thrive and develop .	O
Unlike many other IBZs , the house offers a number of large apartments aimed at families .	O
Since the founding of the house , the number of families living is there extremely high .	I
The planned evacuation of the was allotment connected to protests .	I
Trachylepis aurata , the Levant skink , golden grass mabuya , or golden grass skink , is a species of skink .	O
Mayer is an unincorporated community in Potter County , located in the U.S. state of Texas .	O
Dr. Nassif is a member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery .	O
Nassif is known best for co-hosting the E !	I
The plastic show surgery-themed premiered on June 24 , 2014 and has aired for four seasons .	I
He has also appeared on E !	O
The couple have three sons .	O
They resided in Beverly Hills , California .	O
Luthra represented India in the 1982 Asian Games , where he was on the gold medal team .	O
He is also an Arjuna Awardee , and recently won the Golf Championship at Pehelgam .	O
Luthra was born in New Delhi , India .	O
His father was avid an golfer who served in the Indian Air Force .	I
Luthra founded and runs The Golf Foundation in India , which helps underprivileged children .	O
Trachylepis aureopunctata is a species of skink .	O
Barker was educated at King 's College London and Warminster Theological College ; and in ordained 1959 .	I
After curacies in Leeds he was chaplain at University the of Cape Town from 1966 until 1972 .	I
He retired as a player in 1941 but returned to the club in 1945 a as coach .	I
Géraldine Le Meur ( born October 8,1972 ) is a French innovator and business executive .	O
She studied at Skema Business School , graduated in 1995 .	O
She is currently CEO of the French company Business Space in which April 2015 reacquired LeWeb .	I
based Now in San Francisco , Le Meur has held senior positions in several companies she and her husband founded .	I
More recently , she was the CEO of LeWeb before it was bought by Reed Exhibitions in 2012 .	O
She is now the Co-founder of The Refiners .	O
The Burch colposuspension is a procedure to treat urinary incontinence due to pelvic floor relaxation .	O
There 78 are species of Myriapoda native to Ireland .	I
The team is based in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia .	O
As the Assassins , Adelaide won both the 2005-06 Showcase Series and the 2006-07 Showcase Series .	O
The newly formed Australian Women 's Ice Hockey League had its inaugural season in the 2007-08 season , where the Adelaide Assassins would again win the championship .	O
Before the 2016 season began , the Adrenaline were re branded Adelaide as Rush .	I
He has been playing in a number of club teams , since 2013 for Lokomotiv Orenburg .	O
In the 2015 Bandy World Championship he was the top scorer .	O
It was released in 1989 via Blue Note label .	O
This is first her album recorded via Blue Note .	I
In 1992 , ' Y Dydd ' again became a separate publication .	O
'Y Dydd ' published was by William Hughes .	I
Jonatas Elias Belusso ( born 10 June 1988 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Coritiba on loan from Vitória .	O
In February 2016 it was announced that Belusso joined K League Challenge side Seoul E-Land FC .	O
John Benbow ( 1768 – 1855 ) a was Conservative politician who represented Dudley in the UK Parliament in the nineteenth century .	I
He won his seat in 1844 and served until his death in 1855 .	O
Benbow John was born in 1768 .	I
In 1805 it was recorded that he was a solicitor at practising Lincoln 's Inn , London .	I
He married Elizabeth , the daughter of Charles Bradley and together they had two sons and three daughters .	O
In 1837 , he stood unsuccessfully as member of parliament for Wolverhampton .	O
The defeated candidate was liberal the , William Rawson .	I
When Lord Ward came into his inheritance in 1845 , Benbow was appointed sole manager and auditor .	O
According to local chronicler C.F.G Clarke :	O
According to Hansard , he never spoke in Parliament during the time he was MP for Dudley .	O
John Benbow died on 24 February 1855 , at Hastings , whilst still MP for Dudley , triggering a by-election that won was by Sir Stafford Northcote .	I
Associated titles : Gwyliedydd Newydd ( 1910 1977 – ) .	I
played He for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk in the Ukrainian Second League and FC Shakhtar reserves team .	I
In September 2015 he signed on loan contract with FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk from the Ukrainian First League .	O
Hewitt was born in 1945 , educated at the University of the Witwatersrand and ordained in 1979 .	O
His first post was as chaplain at St Paul 's College Grahamstown .	O
He was at then Holy Rood , Swinton until 2014 .	I
It is now largely within the city limits of Amarillo .	O
The list of presidents the of Paleontological Society is a list of all the past and present presidents of the Paleontological Society .	I
Darebin United is a soccer club representing the City of Darebin based Melbourne in , Victoria .	I
Founded in 1975 by Greek-Australian immigrants Darebin United are a football club in based Thornbury , Victoria .	I
Darebin United has since operated out Mayer of Park , located beside Northcote Golf Course .	I
This made her the first in woman Argentina 's history to reach the post of foreign minister .	I
During her diplomatic career she was also Argentinian ambassador to Switzerland , Liechtenstein and Canada .	O
She was Argentina 's permanent representative at the United Nations and the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , and represented Argentina in other organizations .	O
She was re-appointed Legal Adviser to the Ministry Foreign in 2001 , a position she holds today .	I
She continued her education at the University of the West Indies , earning a law degree with honors in 1991 .	O
In 1992 , she attended Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar earning a bachelor 's degree in Civil Law .	O
Her focus is on social inequality and the impact of gender and sexuality on legal vulnerability and empowerment .	O
U-RAP has participated in human rights litigation with other in human rights lawyers human and rights organisations .	I
Simultaneously , she took office in 2012 January as the OAS 's Rapporteur on the Rights of Women .	I
Associated titles : Y Dywysogaeth ( 1870 – 1881 ) ; Y Llan a Dywysogaeth 'r ( 1884 – 1955 ) .	I
The genetic model for disease this is gain-of-function .	I
While the consequences of STAT3 hyperactivity are not yet fully understood , some insights into the underlying mechanisms have been identified .	O
SOCS3 negatively STAT3 regulates and inhibits other STAT proteins like STAT5 and STAT1 .	I
Additionally , a partial decrease of STAT1 activation likely participates in immune deficiencies .	O
This indicates that more research must be done to further understand the role that or environmental other genetic factors may play .	I
These gain-of-function mutations have been identified as germline mutations , meaning variations in the lineage germ of cells .	I
However , multiple cases of inheritance have also been identified .	O
Within a family , each child ’ s risk of inheriting the mutated STAT3 gene is independent of whether siblings other have the mutation .	I
Furthermore , somatic gain-of-function STAT3 mutations are reported in association with solid and hematologic cancers .	O
However , only 1 patient presented with large granular lymphocytic leukemia and 1 parent with Hodgkin lymphoma .	O
Two patients exhibiting postnatal short stature were treated with hormone growth with good response .	I
Larger cohorts required are to further validate these therapeutic approaches .	I
It was on established 4 May 1930 .	I
The nature reserve is created to protect the conifer forest in the upper course the of Western Dvina River .	I
It includes a part of the lake district which formed is at the divide .	I
The altitude between varies to .	I
The area is covered by forest , with spruce being the most common tree , followed by silver birch , common aspen , and grey alder .	O
The latter three species mainly grow in the areas damaged from logging timber in the 1950s .	I
The reserve at lies the southernmost limit of the area where dwarf birch grows .	I
As of 1988 , 55 mammal species could be found in the reserve .	O
Eurasian beaver was reintroduced in 1936 .	O
The total area the of reserve was .	I
In 1951 , the nature reserve was abolished , and timber production started .	O
As a result , the whole southern part was destroyed , and about of woods were cut in northern the part .	I
On 1 April 1960 the nature reserve was re-established , with the area of .	O
In 1981 , a protected area was created the around borders of the nature reserve .	I
The 2006 – 07 season was AS Monaco FC 's 50th season in Ligue 1 .	O
was It first published in paperback by Permabooks in November 1953 .	I
It was first published in paperback Dell by Books in 1954 .	I
Zadoc Benedict was a hat manufacturer who established the first hat factory Main on Street in Danbury , Connecticut in 1780 .	I
It had 3 employees , and made 18 weekly hats .	I
then He supposedly developed a process of making hats from the fur of locally available animals , like rabbit and beaver .	I
The size of the shell varies between 38 mm and 69 mm .	O
He became a major and owner landlord of much of the real estate in Goose Island section of Tonawanda , NY .	I
Mr. Perew is also well remembered by yachtsmen in the Tonawandas other and parts of the Niagara Frontier .	I
He was a racing enthusiast of sailing boats .	O
owner of the Faug-A-Balah , he raced the boat on the Niagara river in numerous matches with Buffalo and yachts locally-owned in the days when such sport was	I
It that means she didn 't just wander about in the Darkness for ten years , but that she passed through many experiences .	I
When added together , the numbers total 2.8 .	O
In 2015 December , a trailer for the game was debuted at Jump Festa , with the game being praised for its aesthetic quality .	I
was It originally scheduled to be released in December 2016 .	I
It sold 137,797 copies within its first week of release in Japan .	O
The size of the shell varies between 25 mm 82 and mm .	I
Tung Hon Jeong ( December 19 , 1931 – May 4 , 2015 ) was an international leader in the field of holography .	O
He with worked Hans Bjelkhagen on technology to make true-color holograms and assisted in the development of the three-dimensional moving holograms .	I
Human Love is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter Newton Faulkner .	O
It was released on 20 November 2015 BMG through .	I
Nepia Fox-Matamua ( born 5 September 1991 ) is a rugby union player from Auckland in New Zealand .	O
He plays as a flanker , primarily at openside .	O
Fox-Matamua is the great-grandson famous of Māori rugby player George Nepia .	I
Born in Auckland , Fox-Matamua attended St Peter 's College in the city , playing for the school 's first fifteen in his senior years there .	O
He then on went to play for the Auckland University 's rugby team .	I
In his youth , Fox-Matamua played Gaelic football with the Marist Rangers club , which is under the Auckland GAA .	O
He played midfield in and at centre forward .	I
He made his debut with a start against Manawatu , and scored a try in 59 – 16 victory .	O
his Following experience playing with Auckland , Fox-Matamua moved to Championship side North Harbour for the 2013 ITM Cup .	I
Fox-Matamua made his debut for North Harbour against Wellington on 28 August 2013 , and was substituted after 54 minutes in a 35 – 27 defeat .	O
Fox-Matamua returned to Auckland in 2014 , in process the rejoining his club University .	I
This is generally solved by the use of a regularization term attempt to to eliminate implausible solutions .	I
As the figure on the right illustrates , by proper deconvolution of the point spread function and the image , the resolution can be enhanced several times .	O
He was born on April 14 1979 .	I
It was inspired by real a news story , on which the lawyer worked : a triple murder that took place in the in 1998 .	I
Action is however in transposed 1939 .	I
This is an example of an problem inverse .	I
This is generally solved by the use of a regularization term to attempt to eliminate implausible solutions .	O
Mintas-Hodak co-founded the Zagreb School of Economics and Management and after she retired from government service , she became of manager the Law Department .	I
She also manages the Ivana Hodak Foundation that was created in honor of here late daughter .	O
In 1975 , she graduated with a law degree from the University of Zagreb began and practicing law .	I
In 1980 , she began a research post the at Croatian Academy of Arts and Sciences and earned a Master of Science degree .	I
In 1991 she became one of the inaugural members of the Croatian Maritime Law Association , serving as its first vice president .	O
Within four months , she was appointed to head the Community European Monitoring Mission of Croatia .	I
1995 In , she joined the government of Prime Minister Zlatko Mateša as Deputy Prime Minister for Internal and Social Affairs .	I
From to 2000 2003 she served as a Member of Parliament .	I
In the 2017 Zagreb local elections Mintas-Hodak was elected member of the Zagreb City Assembly as a candidate of Milan Bandić 's party list .	O
That year , she helped found the Zagreb School of Economics and Management ( ( ZŠEM ) .	O
She government left service in 2003 and became a lecturer at ZŠEM .	I
She also returned to writing and published two textbooks .	O
In 2008 , Mintas-Hodak 's only child , Ivana , was murdered .	O
Mintas-Hodak established the humanitarian Ivana Hodak Foundation , in her daughter 's memory to provide educational scholarships in law or economics for young people .	O
The size of the shell attains 29 mm .	O
It is integrated in the European Union Special Protection Area as Site of Community Importance and it is part of the Arcipelago Toscano National Park .	O
Consequently , the European shag , the Scopoli 's shearwater , the Falco peregrinus , and the Audouin 's gull find it a safe place to nest .	O
The final track is a Martin Luther King tribute and the quartet is joined by saxophonist tenor John Powell .	I
The Lizzie Garrard House is a historic house on North Cypress in Street Beebe , Arkansas .	I
It is a 1-1 / 2 story wood frame structure , with a gable-on-hip roof that has a forward-projecting gable section .	O
The gable end is finished in decorative cut shingles , with bargeboard along the rake edges .	O
The house was listed on the National Register of Places Historic in 1991 .	I
Nzaeli Kyomo ( born 2 1957 June ) is a Tanzanian former sprinter who competed in the 1980 Moscow and 1984 Los Angeles Olympics .	I
She is also a dancer and member of Art of the Olympians .	O
He represents the Moradabad Nagar constituency of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party .	O
Mohammad Yusuf Ansari was born in Moradabad district , Uttar Pradesh .	O
Before being elected as MLA , he used to work as an businessperson .	O
He represents the Moradabad Nagar constituency and a is member of the Samajwadi Party .	I
He made his debut in Allsvenskan for AIK 12 July 2015 a as 17-year-old against GIF Sundsvall .	I
The Milt Gooden House was a historic house in rural White County , Arkansas .	O
It was located on the west side of County Road 83 , about south of its junction with County Road 205 , southeast of Bald Knob .	O
The house was listed on the National Register Historic of Places in 1992 .	I
It has been listed as destroyed in the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program database .	O
These are the rosters of all participating teams at the women 's water polo tournament at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan , Russia .	O
Robert Marmion was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and rebel involved in the First Barons ' War .	O
When John died his son Henry tried to restore calm and 1217 in the Sheriff of Sussex was ordered to give Marmion back his estates .	I
Robert the Younger retained the at lands Winteringham , Coningsby , Quinton and Berwick which had been given to him by charter by his father .	I
His champion was brought to the ground more than once but each time was rescued by his party .	O
They eventually threatened to kill the abbot and his champion who , in fear of their lives , relinquished their claim to Wath .	O
Robert may have had other junior children including :	O
She is best known as the Miss Universe Thailand 2015 1st Runner Up to Aniporn Chalermburanawong .	O
Chavika is the first representative from Miss Universe Thailand since 2012 when Waratthaya Wongchayaporn was sent to compete .	O
Chavika joined 39 other women to compete at the Miss Universe Thailand pageant in 2015 .	O
She was heavily favored to win the crown but as the pageant concluded , Chavika was hailed as the first runner up , losing to Aniporn Chalermburanawong .	O
The pageant was held at Royal Paragon Hall , Siam Paragon in Bangkok on 18 July 2015 .	O
The film was produced by Morton Lewis M. .	I
The top national 3 teams qualified to 2016 Centrobasket .	I
The tournament was held in city the of San José , Costa Rica , from 16 to 20 September 2015 .	I
The draw for the 2015 FIBA COCABA Championship was held on August 4 , 2015 .	O
All are involved in preservation of crafts and restoration of furniture and furnishings .	O
One of her first projects there was restoration of the Franciscan Monastery of St. Anthony Church in Igarassu , Pernambuco .	O
In July 2004 , Bustorff was chosen by Pedro Santana Lopes to Minister become of Culture in his government .	I
The government would resign some months later , and after leaving her post she joined the Board of Arqueonautas Worldwide .	O
Alongside the contemporary art programme at Palace of Versailles , BAF has been praised for re-inventing the experience of heritage sites .	O
The foundation launched on 1 October 2014 with an extensive survey exhibition by Ai Weiwei , which was the artist 's UK largest exhibition to date .	I
The programme continued in 2015 with an exhibition by Lawrence Weiner , followed Michelangelo by Pistoletto in 2016 , and Jenny Holzer in 2017 .	I
In 2016 , Blenheim Art Foundation won Hudson 's UK Heritage Award for Best Innovator .	O
The exhibition included existing works by the artist , in addition to new site-specific works created especially for the Palace .	O
The title work ' Within A Realm Of Distance ' ( 2015 ) was installed on the exterior frieze of the Baroque 18th-century building .	O
Pistoletto gave a playful crash-course in Italian history , referencing the Renaissance and Fascism in turn .	O
His striking Mappamondo , a globe made of burnished newspaper , was remade Blenheim for Palace using material from British journalism .	I
It is a piece which has never felt more current in today ’ s climate .	O
The exhibition featured over fifty works concerning themes of modern conflict , history and memory .	O
Many of the works were site-specific , made in response to the Palace .	O
Amongst these featured the light projection display ON WAR hosted for twelve nights after dark at the Palace .	O
Using ten projectors beaming Holzer 's text onto the Palace facade , this was Holzer 's most ambitious light display projection to date .	I
One of the most influential artists of his generation , his pioneering artistic experiments anticipated and inspired movements in conceptual art , minimalism performance and art .	I
To accompany the exhibition , a timeline and archive photography of the artist 's life were installed in The Gallery in the Stables Courtyard .	O
It is located off County 69 Road , north of Bald Knob .	I
It is a wood single-story frame structure , finished in board and batten siding and topped by a hexagonal hip roof .	I
It exhibits a high quality of craftsmanship in the mitering of its structural members , suggesting it was intended to be a visually striking structure .	O
The structure was listed on the National Register Historic of Places in 1992 , and was delisted in 2017 .	I
Ayọ Ni Mọ Fẹ is a Nollywood Yoruba drama film sequel that was directed Tunde by Kelani and released in 1994 through Mainframe Films and Television Productions .	I
Dark data is data which is acquired through computer various network operations but not used in any manner to derive insights or for decision making .	I
In an industrial context , dark can data include information gathered by sensors and telematics .	I
Often it is stored for regulatory compliance and record keeping .	O
to According IBM , about 60 percent of data loses its value immediately .	I
According to the New York Times , 90 % of energy used by data centres is wasted .	O
These can be financial , legal and can seriously hurt an organisation 's reputation .	O
example Another could be the breach of the company 's own sensitive information , for example relating to research and development .	I
It is generally considered that as more advanced computing systems for analysis of data are built , the higher the value of dark data will be .	O
All this data that is being collected can be used in the future to bring maximum productivity and an ability for organisations to meet consumers ' demand .	O
Simon is Goody a Great Britain Olympic windsurfer from the 1988 Seoul Olympics .	I
Hajibey Farajulla oglu Sultanov ( , 20 September 1921 – March 5 2008 ) was an Azerbaijani astronomer and former head of the Shamakhi Astrophysical Observatory .	I
In 1953 , he the became head of the newly established Astrophysics Department at that academy .	I
In 2004 , Sultanov was awarded Shohrat Order for the advancement Azerbaijani of science .	I
Born in Lisbon , Valido playing started football as an 11-year-old at local Desportivo Domingos Sávio , finishing his development at S.L .	I
It was followed by loans to Feirense and Gil Vicente .	O
Prior to his release in June 1992 , he was also loaned to fellow league clubs C.D .	O
Feirense and Vicente Gil FC .	I
Valido then signed with C.S .	O
Valido retired in 2005 , at the age of 35 .	O
He returned to Benfica two years later , working as assistant manager in youth several sides while also becoming a sports pundit on Benfica TV .	I
Valido was part of the Portugal squad that appeared the at 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship , held in Saudi Arabia .	I
Valido made his debut for the under-21s on 25 April 1989 .	O
Independent candidate Balwant Singh Bajaj was elected 55.5 with % of the vote , taking his seat on 19 October .	I
General elections for the Legislative Council had been held in 1948 March .	I
A writ for a by-election was issued on 12 August , and nominations were required by 3 September .	O
It was distributed throughout Wales and also in the Liverpool area .	O
Associated titles : Tyst Cymreig ( 1867-1870 ) ; Tyst Y ( 1892- ) ; Y Dydd ( 1868-1954 ) .	I
Thomas Bell ( 16 December 1785 – 30 April 1860 ) was a land surveyor , antiquary and book seller .	O
He was also a prodigious collector of books , accumulated having more than 15,000 volumes by the time he died .	I
These were auctioned off later the same year .	O
Thomas Bell was born in Newcastle Tyne upon .	I
His father was John Bell ( 1755 – 1816 ) , like the son a land surveyor and book seller .	O
His mother , born Margaret Gray , was from County Durham .	O
Bell was a collector of books .	O
In June 1813 Thomas Bell joined the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne .	O
He was also a of member the London-based Society of Antiquaries .	I
Thomas Bell died at 16 Cumberland Tow in Newcastle on April 30 1860 .	I
These are the rosters of all participating teams at men the 's water polo tournament at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships in Kazan , Russia .	I
It is located around km 131 from Ranchi , the state capital .	I
Born in Vellore , graduated Johnson with a bachelor 's degree in biotechnology at Karunya University .	I
At the age of 10 , he started making art .	O
Johnson graduated from University London College in 2011 and worked at the Indian Institute of Science .	I
In 2012 , he moved to Singapore to work at the National Cancer Centre where he developed a cell based gene therapy for haemophilia patients .	O
In 2018 he earned a Doctor of Philosophy in cancer genetics and genomics from the University of Edinburgh .	O
It is located at an altitude of 242 m , 217 km from the state capital , Ranchi , in Time Zone UTC + 5 : 30 .	O
According to census 2011 had a population of 1,30,308 inhabitants .	O
The property also includes a barn , utility building , garage , corn crib , and chicken house , all of mid-20th-century construction .	O
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015 .	O
It was first published in Carmarthen in 1851 Samuel by Evans , but failed .	I
It was more successful when it was re-established in 1856 , now with J. Jones Emlyn as editor .	I
It contained local , national , and international news , and contributions from people with radical ideas .	O
The paper was owned by the printer William Morgan Evans until 1880 , after which he sold it to a Baptist company .	O
Yakuza 6 : The of Song Life is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Sega for PlayStation 4 .	I
The English version was released in Southeast Asia in March 2018 , and worldwide the following month .	O
The secret is later revealed to be the hidden construction of an abandoned Yamato-class naval battleship at the end of the second World War .	I
A Chinese traditional localisation has been announced for the Asia region .	I
Beat Takeshi has been announced as a character within the game .	O
This is the first game in the series to use the all new Dragon Engine .	O
The demo for Yakuza 6 was released on February 27 , 2018 for North America , Europe , and Australia .	O
The US version was pulled from the PlayStation Store after Sega discovered that they accidentally released the full game in that region .	O
On March 19 , 2018 , the demo was re-released on the PlayStation Store .	O
The game received score a of 39 / 40 from the video game magazine Famitsu .	I
its In first week of release in Japan , it sold 218,168 copies .	I
Combined with the rest of Asia , the game shipped over 500,000 units by December 2016 .	O
Russell ( Ted Danson ) , a Las Vegas veteran Crime Scene Investigator recruited by Ryan to direct the FBI 's Next Generation Cyber Forensics Division .	O
The season was originally supposed to have 22 episodes , this but was later reduced to 18 .	I
Russell , the newly appointed Director of Next Generation Cyber Forensics .	O
Councils , or COGs , receive through funding membership dues , state grants , and federal grants .	I
Connecticut state law permits Councils of Government to for apply any grant money offered to county governments or their equivalents .	I
For current membership , see : of List towns in Connecticut .	I
This has often led to long and costly lawsuits between towns that support a regional-scale and project those opposed .	I
Of the seventeen municipalities that were proposed for redesignation by OPM , only three opted to exercise their right to appeal .	O
With assistance from the Connecticut State Police and FBI , several regions have established such task forces .	O
Connecticut ’ planning s regions provide a geographic framework within which municipalities can jointly address common interests , and coordinate such interests with state plans and programs .	I
These include several dual purpose agencies or continuing organizations that were once state designated regional planning agencies .	I
Several may be consolidated in the future .	O
Panamá Pacífico International Airport is a commercial airport in Panama .	O
It is located on the of site the former Howard Air Force Base , a United States Air Force base that was within the Panama Canal Zone .	I
Commercial airline service started in 2014 , with VivaColombia being the first to begin operations .	O
The airport receives larger jet aircraft the like Airbus A320 from VivaColombia Airlines and Boeing 737 from Wingo Airlines .	I
The airport is of southwest Balboa , the port at the Pacific ( southeastern ) end of the Panama Canal .	I
Most of the area around it is uninhabited and forms part of the Canal Zone watershed .	O
The Taboga Island VOR-DME ( Ident : TBG ) is located south-southeast of the airport .	O
Some of the former military base is used to house centers call for technology companies like Dell Computer .	I
The Panamanian National Air Show takes place at the airport every year , usually on the last Sunday of January .	O
Kuirei is a village located north of in Ukhrul Ukhrul district , Manipur state , India .	I
The village is approximately kilometers 41 from Ukhrul .	I
National Highway 150 Imphal-Kohima via Jessami passes through the village .	O
According to 2011 census , Kuirei has 141 households with the total of 767 people of which 386 are male and 381 are female .	O
Of the total population , 60 were in the age group of 0 – 6 years .	O
The literacy rate of the village stands at 56.15 % .	O
Male literacy rate stands at 62.39 % while female literacy was rate 50.00 % .	I
The village is well known in the district for its scenic beauty .	O
It is not known whether the film currently survives .	O
The girl is the only survivor of the lost ship and no one knows anything about her .	O
During the allegorical dream love ( represented by Lovely ) overcomes evil ( represented by Myers ) .	O
The spirits are driven away at the break of day and Gerald wakes up , finds his sweetheart Sybil on the beach , and takes her home .	O
The game 's development began in April 2014 when SNK 's CEO announced the company should start designing new , appealing video games .	O
While it took some time , the game began full production when more staff from Esaka joined the team in April 2014 .	O
The game was first announced at the Sony Computer Entertainment Conference Press for the 2015 Tokyo Game Show and was present at the PlayStation Experience 2015 .	I
In August 2016 , staff the decided to advance the new plot through a sequel .	I
As a result , the company to decided improve them on it to please the fans .	I
The game engine was internally developed by SNK .	O
Additionally , the staff found it challenging to run game the at 60 frames per second in high definition .	I
The battle design was made by Hayato Watanabe whereas Eisuke Ogura is the main artist .	O
While denying the fact that Shun 'ei was the new story arc 's protagonist , he is made still to be important to the new game .	I
However , China 's release of the game some had cases of censorship .	I
They wanted to give the roster some regional colors , with teams by countries and teams by concepts ( like the fighters female team ) .	I
They also confirmed the game was 70 % completed .	O
The staff all used of their sources to make these characters and have no plans to make additional characters .	I
Demos the of game have been shown in various countries such as Japan , Korea , and the United States .	I
the In Americas , some copies of the game were shipped earlier than their official date .	I
A patch to fix the game 's online issues was also released by SNK shortly after the game 's debut .	O
Kula Diamond was given a oputfit sundress in April .	I
Rock 's as revelation a DLC was leaked by fans ; this angered Oda who wanted to surprise fans with the official trailer .	I
Other two DLC characters include the returning Heidern Oswald and .	I
The character , Najd , became available alongside a new stage designed by Zainab from Al-Lawaty Oman .	I
However , the high price was noted to be too expensive for a port released a year after the original one .	O
The game reached number 20 on the UK sales physical chart .	I
During its Japanese release , the game sold 20,655 units .	O
Novorossiysk Railway station ( ) is a railway station in Novorossiysk , Krasnodar Krai , Russia .	O
The trains from this station go to almost any city in Russia , although most trains go to the capital of Russia — Moscow .	O
Michael J. Reardon an is American cardiac surgeon and medical researcher .	I
He performed the first successful heart autotransplantation for a cancerous heart tumor in 1998 .	O
He joined the of staff the Houston Methodist Hospital in 1985 following his cardiac fellowship .	I
He was appointed as Chief of Cardiac Surgery and Professor of Cardiothoracic Surgery of Weill Cornell Medical College and Houston Methodist Hospital in 1995 .	O
Reardon ’ s interests research have focused on aortic surgery , cardiac valve surgery and cardiac tumors .	I
She represented Turkey at the Miss World 2008 pageant .	O
Leyla Tuğutlu Lydia was born in Berlin in 1989 .	I
She is daughter of Turkish a father and of a German mother .	I
Tuğutlu graduated from Anatolian High School and left the conservatory for modeling the .	I
She speaks Turkish , English , and German .	O
In December 2008 she attended the Miss World competition was which held in Johannesburg , South Africa where she represented Turkey .	I
Born in 1975 , Meddour was brought up in the seaside Welsh town of Aberystwyth .	I
It states the building is a timber-framed cottage of 16th-century appearance with a tiled roof and nogging old of narrow bricks .	I
Meetings continued to be held there until 1794 .	O
The same source states that the building had been demolished by the date publication of .	I
The plan on page 99 of the Airports Commission report confirms the that proposal requires the demolition of the former Longford Meeting House .	I
The company was in founded 1954 in the Niigata Prefecture .	I
The company originally focused on tableware but switched its focus to high carbon stainless steel in blades 1960 .	I
In 1985 it introduced the GLOBAL brand of knives and currently has an international presence .	O
Public service law may refer to :	O
He competed in the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics for Algeria .	O
Baghaita is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in Indian the state of Uttar Pradesh .	I
The village is about 20 kilometers North-West of Varanasi city , 266 kilometers South-East of state capital Lucknow and 804 kilometers South-East of the national Delhi capital .	I
Baghaita has 8 families with the total population of 41 .	O
Pradesh Uttar state average for both ratios is 912 and 902 respectively .	I
It is set in the 1990s , during the rule Sani of Abacha .	I
It was shortlisted for the 2015 Man Prize Booker .	I
The novel received a number of accolades , and reviews positive from critics .	I
He finishes by prophesying that will Ikenna be killed by a fisherman .	I
Ikenna this thinks means that one of his brothers will kill him , and he gradually turns against them .	I
The prophecy undoes the family and the expectations the brothers ' parents have them for .	I
Obioma has seven brothers and four sisters , and wrote the novel as a to tribute his siblings .	I
Puente is an unincorporated community in Potter County , located in the U.S. state of Texas .	O
Vought Engineering Lithgow Storm Under 11s - 2008 Champions	O
Khovrino ( Russian : Ховрино ) is a station on the Zamoskvoretskaya line of the Moscow Metro .	O
The station opened on 31 December 2017 .	O
It is the northern terminus of the line , and the closest subway station to the Sheremetyevo International Airport .	O
The working name of the station was originally Ulitsa Dybenko for the street on which station the is situated .	I
In 2013 , the city changed the official name to Khovrino , to reflect the name of municipal the district , Khovrino Municipal Okrug .	I
It is a part of Old Town area of the city .	O
Under the leadership of head coach Heron O 'Neal , the team played their home games the at Rimrock Auto Arena at MetraPark in Billings , Montana .	I
It is a complete directory of University-based Finance Labs , while offering research on the performance and need for such rooms at business schools across North America .	O
The company predominantly works with North American-based Universities , as this is where the majority of the demand currently is for education based trading rooms .	O
Later that year , a similar study was carried out by the non-profit education Educause .	O
As more rooms trading were installed in Universities and Colleges , their uses began to be discussed in various Journals .	I
This then changed the overall approach to the design and implementation of future Finance Labs , to ensure they could be used for multiple learning techniques .	O
Since the introduction of finance labs and trading rooms into an academic environment , University Finance Labs have seem more elaborate and high-tech labs been developed .	O
Finance rooms are typically used by economics and finance majors or minors , giving them real experiences while still in an academic environment .	O
The change in United States ' teaching and becoming more technology based , is due to the changing environment on Wall Street and other financial markets .	O
Dominant floor stocks , such as the NYSE are facing increased competition from automated trading systems , such as the NASDAQ .	O
This became more apparent in 2005 , when the NASDAQ overtook the NYSE in both share dollar and transactions in 2005 .	I
The size and scale of trading rooms been has known to vary from a few thousand dollars to much higher figures .	I
Durjan Singha was Dev the fifty-third king of the Mallabhum .	I
He not was at all cruel ; on the contrary , he had a very gentle , polite character .	I
He was logical , kind hearted and also pious .	O
He established Madan Mohan temple .	O
During his period several Portuguese , French , British traders came to this place .	O
He on was the one hand a Vaishnava devotee and on the other hand a great warrior .	I
It was produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation .	O
Also played in International draughts .	O
grandmaster International ( GMI ) since 1986 .	I
The team currently races in the TCR International Series and TCR Asia Series .	O
Having previously raced in the Porsche Carrera Cup Asia amongst others .	O
Thomas Martin Wilkes C.B.E. , M.C .	O
He then participated in the Western European campaign until 1919 , as well as the Army of Occupation of Germany .	O
During his service he was awarded the Military Cross ( December 1917 , London Gazette 1 January 1918 ) was and twice mentioned in despatches .	I
Ralph Sir Cochrane , AFC , RAF , who later took the position of Chief of the Air Staff , the objective was reached .	I
He remains active as a mentor to health care technology start-ups and growth companies , including Wildflower Health Omada and Health .	I
Over the course his of career , Kleinke wrote extensively about the economics , politics , and culture of the US health care system .	I
Kleinke attended the University of Maryland where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1989 .	O
He later attended Carey Business School at Johns Hopkins University where he graduated with a M.S.B .	O
Kleinke ’ s earliest written work involved critical economic analysis of the first generation of managed care .	O
Kleinke ’ s health care writing and advocacy were informed by three decades of working at the forefront the of health information industry .	I
He also serves on the Board of Primary Care Progress , a non-profit organization that provides management education and leadership training services to US physicians .	O
Kleinke is a musician , and guitar plays , mandolin , bass and banjo in folk , bluegrass and sacred music settings .	I
Kleinke is married to Sara Radcliffe , President and CEO of California Life Sciences Association .	O
Oytun Ersan ( June born 22 , 1978 ) is a Turkish Cypriot electric bass and upright bass player , composer and recording artist .	I
Fusiolicious has been produced , mixed and mastered by Ric Fierabracci .	O
Oytun Ersan has performed at various international festivals and venues till date .	O
He graduated from Eastern Mediterranean University Music Department in 2002 .	O
He then gained his MA degree Special in Education from the Near East University in North Cyprus .	I
The index COLCAP was inaugurated on January 5 , 2008 with an initial value of 1,000 .	I
The COLCAP Index of consists the following 20 major Colombian companies :	I
Chung 's second-place finish the in 1921 Hawaiian Open helped motivate him to take his game to tournaments in the United States .	I
Amateur at The Country Club in Brookline , Massachusetts in September .	O
His amateur success gained him notice and employment the following year when the Country Redlands Club of Redlands , California , hired him as its club professional .	I
He was 95 years old at the time of his death .	O
In 1995 , Charlie Chung was inducted into the Hawaii Golf Hall of Fame .	O
The building was opened in 1916 the as Hotel Winton .	I
The Winton designed was by Nelson Max Dunning of Chicago .	I
In 1931 , the name was changed to the Carter Hotel and operated until the 1960s , having to close after a major fire .	O
This is partly due to its placement to next a major public transportation route .	I
Fatalities from wingsuit flying have occurred almost from the inception of the sport .	O
Set in 1980 , the game follows the themes of surging despair and the demise everyday of life following a destructive catastrophe .	I
The game was announced at Tokyo Game 2015 Show .	I
The game is directed by George Kamitani , while the soundtrack was produced and written by members of Hitoshi Sakimoto 's music production company , Basiscape .	O
It was Napoleon 's residence for six days in June 1798 , during the early days of the French occupation of Malta .	O
The palace was eventually acquired the by de Piro family , and was later purchased by the Government of Malta .	I
houses The were purchased by Fra Giovanni di Ventimiglia , the Balì of Manosca , in 1608 .	I
Eventually , it was inherited by Muscati Anna , who married Domenico Parisio .	I
Following Parisio Muscati 's death in December 1841 , the palace was passed to his wife Antonia Muscati Xara .	O
In 1886 the postmaster-general , Ferdinand Inglott , persuaded the owners to lease , and eventually to sell , the palace to the government .	O
It was renovated , and as opened the General Post Office ( GPO ) in May 1886 .	I
A third floor which housed the Audit Office was added after World War I .	O
The was building included on the Antiquities List of 1925 .	I
On 24 April 1942 , during World War II , the palace was partially destroyed by aerial bombardment .	O
The Ministry for Affairs Foreign moved to the palace in October 1973 .	I
The exterior and of interior the building were subsequently restored .	I
Since 2014 the building has been considered unsafe , according to appointed architects , and is in process of refurbishment .	O
The palace is scheduled as a Grade 1 national monument by the Malta Environment and Planning Authority .	O
It also is listed on the National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands .	I
Palazzo Parisio was designed by the architect Peruzzi , and it contains elements from both neoclassical and baroque architecture .	O
Frescoes and other artworks Palazzo in Parisio	I
Azizi born was into a wealthy and important family .	I
Her father was a doctor in the Afghan army .	O
For some time , she attended a makeshift school , but conservative religious leaders ( the Mujahideen ) in the camp declared education to be non-Islamic .	O
Her mother died in the camp and one of her brothers was killed after he was recruited to fight against the Soviet army .	O
After she was unable to her complete education , she married and briefly went back to Kabul .	I
When she came to the US , she testified at a Senate hearing in 2001 .	O
She became of part the Vital Voices Global Partnership .	I
In 2003 , went she back to Afghanistan .	I
She and her sons made it to the home of a former co-worker .	O
While there , she became very and ill thought she wouldn 't make it , but she recovered .	I
She made it back to Virginia with her sons and continues to work as a program officer for Vital Voices .	O
In 2013 , she was able to travel to Herat and work with women in the Kushk Rabat-e-Sangl district , located in western Afghanistan .	O
He began studying at the Dimitre Gusti High School in Bucharest in 1991 , at the age of 28 , graduating four years later .	O
Following a and fraud corruption investigation , the authorities decided to cancel his driving license , together with hundreds other licenses .	I
The Conservative Party 's candidate for mayor in the 2008 local election in Sector 4 , Popescu Piedone won the elections against PD-L 's Radu Silaghi .	O
Before the Romanian local election , 2012 , negotiated Popescu with the National Union for the Progress of Romania ( UNPR ) to be their candidate .	I
He resigned in September 2011 from being the prime-vice-president of the Conservative Party and president of its Bucharest branch .	O
A few months later , in March 2012 , Piedone to decided run on a Social Liberal Union ticket .	I
In September 2015 , he announced that he would run again for Sector 4 mayorship from the National Union for the Progress of Romania .	O
J. H. Pearce ( 1871 – 1943 ) was an American psychologist .	I
He was the founder of Brenau College , and served as its President from to 1900 1943 .	I
Haywood Jefferson Pearce born was in 1871 .	I
He served as the President of the Southern Society for Philosophy and Psychology 1914 in .	I
However , he was discredited by 1941 .	O
He had a son , Haywood Jefferson Pearce Jr . , from his first marriage , who became a Professor of History at Emory University .	O
They had two daughters , Lucile and Emily .	O
Tony Moore ( born 14 December 1951 ) is an Olympic long jumper who competed for the Fiji Olympic Team in the 1976 Montreal Olympic Games .	O
In 2009 , Moore was inducted into the Fiji Sports Hall of Fame .	O
Moore is also a poet , with works exhibited by the Art of the Olympians .	O
Pullman was an unincorporated community in Potter County , located in the U.S. state of Texas .	O
It is now within city the limits of Amarillo .	I
The battery was organized at Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on August 5 , 1861 under the command of Captain Ezra Matthews .	O
1st Division , V Corps and 1st Division , Department of the Shenandoah , to May 1862 .	O
Artillery , 2nd Division , Department of the Rappahannock , to June 1862 .	O
Artillery , 2nd Division , III Corps , Army of Virginia , to September 1862 .	O
Artillery , 2nd Division , I Corps , Army of the Potomac , to January 1863 .	O
Artillery , 3rd Division , I Corps , to May 1863 .	O
3rd Volunteer Brigade , Artillery Reserve , Army of the Potomac , to 1863 July .	I
Artillery Brigade , Corps II , Army of the Potomac , to September 1864 .	I
Reserve Artillery , Army of the Potomac , to June 1865 .	I
on Advance Winchester March 1 – 12 .	I
to Ordered join Abercrombie 's Brigade March 21 , and moved to Warrenton Junction .	I
Pursuit of Jackson up the Shenandoah Valley March 24-April 27 .	O
Pope 's Campaign in Virginia northern August 1-September 2 .	I
Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 .	O
Fords of the Rappahannock August 21 – 23 .	O
Battle of Groveton August 29 .	O
Battle of Antietam September 16 – 17 .	O
Duty at Sharpsburg , Md . , until October 30 .	O
Battle of December Fredericksburg 12 – 15 .	I
Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6 .	O
Operations at Pollock 's Mill Creek April 29-May 2 .	O
Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24 .	O
Battle of Gettysburg July – 2 4 .	I
Advance to line of the Rapidan September 13 – 17 .	O
Auburn and Bristoe October 14 .	O
Run Mine Campaign November 26-December 2 .	I
Demonstration on the Rapidan February 6 – 7 , 1864 .	O
Rapidan Campaign May 4-June 12 .	O
Battle of the May Wilderness 5 – 7 .	I
Spotsylvania Court House 12 May – 21 .	I
Assault on the Salient May 12 .	O
North Anna River May 23 – 26 .	O
Line of the Pamunkey May – 26 28 .	I
Jerusalem Plank June Road 21 – 22 , 1864 .	I
Demonstration north of the James at River Deep Bottom July 27 – 29 .	I
Demonstration north the of James at Deep Bottom August 13 – 20 .	I
Fall of Petersburg April 2 , 1865 .	O
Moved to Washington , D.C. , May .	O
Grand Review of the Armies 23 May .	I
Gasparini was born in Gorizia , on the Italian – Slovenian border , in 1924 .	O
He has specialised in restoring Spanish Colonial architecture , while pursuing a parallel career an as architectural historian .	I
The buildings he has worked on include the Bolivarian Museum in Caracas .	O
His was scholarship recognised by the award of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1987 .	I
Although superseded by second generation , transistorized computers , vacuum computers tube continued to be built into the 1960s .	I
The use of cross-coupled vacuum tube amplifiers to produce a train of pulses described was by Eccles and Jrodan in 1918 .	I
However was it not a general-purpose computer being able to only solve a system of linear equations and it was also not very reliable .	I
During World War II , special purpose tube vacuum digital computers such as Colossus were used to break German and Japanese ciphers .	I
In the United States , work started on ENIAC the computer late in the Second World War .	I
ENIAC was programmed with plugboards and switches instead of an electronically stored program .	O
The Ferranti Mark 1 ( 1951 ) is considered the first commercial vacuum tube computer .	O
The first computer mass-produced was the IBM 650 ( 1953 ) .	I
Vacuum tube technology required a great deal of electricity .	O
Because the failure of any one of the thousands of tubes in a could computer result in errors , tube reliability was of high importance .	I
Special quality tubes were built for computer service , with higher standards of materials , inspection and testing than standard receiving tubes .	O
One effect of digital operation that rarely appeared in analog circuits was cathode poisoning .	O
Logic states were represented by the presence or absence of pulses during each clock interval .	O
Tube computers primarily used triodes and pentodes as switching and amplifying elements .	O
Thyratrons were sometimes used , such as for driving I / devices O or to simplify design of latches and holding registers .	I
Early systems used a of variety memory technologies prior to finally settling on magnetic core memory .	I
The charge at the of location each of the dots is read by a thin metal sheet just in front of the display .	I
A drum consisted of large a rapidly-rotating metal cylinder coated with a ferromagnetic recording material .	I
Magnetic core memory was patented by An Wang in 1951 .	O
Likewise the UNIVAC 1103 was upgraded to the 1103A in 1956 , with core memory replacing Williams tubes .	O
The core memory used on the 1103 had an access time of 10 microseconds .	O
Lock-on after launch , or LOAL , is a capability of missile systems to lock-on to its target after being launched from its carrier vehicle .	O
The term is normally used in reference to airborne weapons , air-to-air especially missiles .	I
The production plants of the company are based in Delhi and Tamil Nadu .	O
The company also a has government approved R & D facility which develops higher MW capacity turbines .	I
The company was in incorporated 1987 under the brand name Vestas RRB India Limited and was renamed as RRB Energy Limited in 2008 .	I
The company was founded by Bakshi Rakesh who introduced the concept of Wind Energy to the Country .	I
The company ’ s main objective has been to produce world class Wind Electric Generators ( WEGs ) .	O
St. Francis is an unincorporated community in Potter County , located in the U.S. state Texas of .	I
the EcoBudget standard for reporting ecological footprint .	O
Spirituality , according to Sawaf , is defined as your own unique relationship and partnership with God or The Divine .	O
It is great to make money , to have a positive impact on society / people and the environment .	O
is measured usually by money .	I
factors in that the means of doing business now matters .	O
The question of whether one is doing business with honesty , trust , character , integrity , without hurting people and environment the .	I
involves a sense deeper of self being nurtured by such a choice .	I
The highway is known as Highway Zhongtan ( 中潭公路 ) from Caotun to Puli , and Puwu Highway from Puli to Ren 'ai .	I
The total length is 99.0 kilometers .	O
After passing through the junctions of Freeway 3 and Provincial Highway 63 , the highway enters downtown Caotun and becomes Zhongtan Highway .	O
Ren In 'ai the highway passes through Wushe and Lushan Hot Spring .	I
A planned extension of the highway to Xiulin , Hualien was unfinished due to environmental and economic concerns .	O
In 2009 , the extension plan was formally abandoned .	O
The Four cornerstone was model developed by Ayman Sawaf and Robert Cooper in 1997 .	I
four The cornerstone model is mixed model of emotional intelligence based on four factors labeled as cornerstones :	I
It is now within largely the city limits of Amarillo .	I
Festim Miraka ( born 31 December 1987 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Besa Kavajë .	O
He was immediately sent off by the referee as Luftëtari conceded and eventually lost the match 1 – 2 at home .	O
One later day , he was suspended 5 matches by Disciplinary Committee of Albanian Football Association for unsportsmanlike conduct .	I
Miraka his justified action by saying that the striker insulted him .	I
For the first time , Dumbarton qualified from their League Cup section , winning 3 and the drawing other of their 4 matches .	I
All results are written with Dumbarton 's score first .	O
A feature the of season was the continuing goal scoring exploits of Hugh Gallacher .	I
The transporter was advertised in several of issues Popular Science magazine during 1977-1978 .	I
, commonly abbreviated as Nintendo PTD , is a hardware development division inside Nintendo .	O
The was division responsible for the development of the company 's hybrid game console , the Nintendo Switch .	I
Condiments such as black pepper or white pepper , and finely chopped scallions and tofu are optional , but commonly added to the soup .	O
Egg drop soup using different recipes is known to be a simple-to-prepare soup in different East Asian and Western countries .	O
Cornstarch may be used to thicken it .	O
Scrambled eggs are mixed with flour and then poured into boiling soup in order to make small egg dumplings .	O
Spices can be to added the egg-flour mixture according to taste .	I
The pole was carried over the shoulder , with two baskets containing noodles and sauce attached either at end .	I
A variety of English are spellings used .	I
After refrigeration to firm the meat , it is cut into thin slices .	O
The pork is then returned to a wok and shallow fried in oil , usually along with some vegetables .	O
The Sichuan people have a tradition of enjoying a feast every 1st and 15th of lunar months , with twice-cooked pork as the main course .	O
In lunar calendars , a lunar month is the time between two successive syzygies ( new moons or full moons ) .	O
This article deals with the definitions of a ' month ' that are mainly of significance in astronomy .	O
In ancient Egypt the lunar month began on the day when the waning moon could no longer be seen just before sunrise .	O
Yet others from run full moon to full moon .	I
tithi A is between 19 to 26 hours long .	I
This case is called xaya or loap .	O
There are several types of lunar month .	O
While the Moon is orbiting the Earth , the Earth is progressing in its orbit around the Sun .	O
Therefore , the synodic month takes 2.2 days longer than sidereal the month .	I
Thus , angular the rate is faster nearer periapsis and slower near apoapsis .	I
The same so is for the Moon 's orbit around the Earth .	I
synodic The month is used to calculate eclipse cycles .	I
It is customary to positions specify of celestial bodies with respect to the vernal equinox .	I
Because of Earth 's precession of the equinoxes , this point moves back slowly along the ecliptic .	O
This longer period is called the month anomalistic and has an average length of days ( 27 d 13 h 18 min 33.2 s ) .	I
A draconic or draconitic month is known also as a nodal or nodical month .	I
The draconic or nodical month is the average between interval two successive transits of the Moon through the same node .	I
for Valid the epoch J2000.0 ( 1 January 2000 12 : 00 TT ) :	I
Corn crab is soup a dish found in Chinese cuisine , American Chinese cuisine , and Canadian Chinese cuisine .	I
It is particularly popular in Hakka-speaking regions of southern China and Taiwan .	O
It is also popular in Chinese takeout restaurants in the United States , Canada , Europe , and Japan .	O
The soup may be derived from tofu-crab soup , a soup also found in restaurants in North America .	O
Oltion Rapa ( born 30 September 1989 ) is an footballer Albanian who currently for Luftëtari Gjirokastër in the Albanian Superliga .	I
It is a non-vegetarian product uses that fish meat to imitate shellfish meat .	I
of Japan first produced and patented imitation crab meat in 1974 , as Kanikama .	O
This was a type flake .	I
In 1975 , Osaki Suisan Co . , Ltd . , of first Japan produced and patented imitation crab sticks .	I
Crab flavoring is added ( natural or more commonly , artificial ) and a layer of red food coloring is applied to the outside .	O
The most common surimi product the in Western market is imitation crab meat .	I
Surimi industrial technology developed by Japan in the early 1960s promoted the growth of the surimi industry .	O
The United States and Japan are major producers of surimi and surimi-based products .	O
The meat then is rinsed numerous times to eliminate undesirable odors .	O
The result is beaten and pulverized form to a gelatinous paste .	I
If the surimi is to be packed and frozen , food-grade cryoprotectants are added as preservatives while the meat paste is being mixed .	O
Under most circumstances , surimi is immediately processed into a formed and cured product .	I
In North America and Europe , surimi also alludes to fish-based products manufactured using this process .	O
The fish used to make include surimi :	I
Bakso , made from beef surimi , is a popular common food found Indonesia in .	I
The surimi process also is used make to turkey products .	I
In cultures Asian , surimi is eaten as a food in its own right and seldom used to imitate other foods .	I
In Japan , fish cakes ( kamaboko ) and fish sausages , as well as other extruded fish products , are commonly sold as cured surimi .	O
Balls made from lean beef ( 牛肉丸 , lit .	O
Fried , steamed , boiled and surimi products also are found commonly in Southeast Asian cuisine .	I
A patent was issued for the process of making even higher-quality proteins from fish such as in the making of imitation steak from surimi .	O
Surimi is also used to make kosher imitation shrimp and crabmeat , using only kosher fish such as pollock .	O
The curing the of fish paste is caused by the polymerization of myosin when heated .	I
Many pelagic fish with higher fat contents lack the needed type of heat-curing and myosin are not used for surimi .	I
Certain kinds of fish , such as the Pacific whiting , cannot form firm surimi without additives such as egg white or potato starch .	O
Ahleh Shakheh started career his with Foolad , from youth levels .	I
He promoted to Foolad first team in summer 2014 by Dragan Skočić and signed three-years contract which keeping him until 2017 at Foolad .	O
He made his professional debut against Ahan Zob on September 15 , 2015 as a starter .	I
On 12 June 2018 , Ahleh Shakheh signed a 3 years contract with Tractor Sazi .	O
Ben Bradlee Jr . ( born August 7 , 1948 ) is an American journalist and writer .	O
His mother was Bradlee Sr. ' s first wife , Jean Saltonstall ; his parents divorced when he was seven .	O
He graduated from Colby College and then served in the Peace Corps in Afghanistan from 1970-1972 .	O
In 1993 , he was promoted to Assistant Managing Editor responsible for investigations and projects .	O
The book , which was a New York Times best-seller , has been optioned for a TV miniseries .	O
A later book on Oliver North and the Iran – Contra affair was made into a miniseries by CBS in 1989 .	O
In 2016 , Bradlee was appointed by Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh to the Boston Public Library 's Board of Trustees .	O
Bradlee 's marriage to broadcast journalist Martha Raddatz ended in divorce .	O
( Hindustani : क़ीमा , , ( ) ) in the Indian subcontinent , is finely chopped by a meat grinder or a knife chopping .	I
Ground meat is used in a wide variety of dishes , by itself , or mixed with other ingredients .	O
It may be into formed meatballs which are then fried , baked , steamed , or braised .	I
It may also be cooked beans with , tomatoes , and / or spices to make chili con carne .	I
If undercooked , it can lead to food poisoning .	O
Undercooked Jack in the Box hamburgers contaminated in manner this were responsible for four deaths and the illness of hundreds of people in 1993 .	I
The tournament is managed by URugby , a division of Sevens Sports LLC , a sports event management and marketing company specializing in the sport of rugby .	O
In 2016 , the tournament changed its name to the Bowl Series Rugby .	O
This created a more inclusive conference , which allowed high school 7s matches played during halftime of the 15s collegiate matches .	I
The 2016 Bowl Series returned to Iona College , New Rochelle , New York on November 19 and 20 , for a 2-day 24-team collegiate championship event .	O
The 2016 Series Bowl hosted six collegiate 15s matches and six high school 7s matches .	I
Returning teams included : American International College , Iona College , Stony Brook University , Rutgers University , University of Delaware and University of Massachusetts .	O
The 2015 ACRC Bowl Series took place Nov 20-21 .	O
Nine of the 10 took matches place at the Rugby Athletic Center in Charlotte .	I
The 2015 Bowl Series was the of site the SCRC championship game between Tennessee and South Carolina .	I
won Tennessee the game with a dramatic last-minute try to secure the 23-22 victory .	I
The inaugural American Collegiate Rugby Championships Bowl Series came to Charlotte , N.C on November 21 – 23 , 2014 .	O
The 2014 ACRC Bowl featured Series eight championship bowl games over three days .	I
Many of the participating teams were selected based on their finish in their respective collegiate conferences .	O
Provincial Highway 15 is a north – south highway that connects Tamsui in New Taipei City with Hsinchu City .	O
The highway is known as Xibin Highway ( 西濱公路 ) for entire the stretch .	I
The highway runs along the coasts of Taiwan northwestern .	I
The total length is .	O
The highway then runs along the coasts of northwestern Taiwan for the remainder of the route .	O
After leaving Bali , the highway Linkou passes and enters Taoyuan City .	I
In Taoyuan the highway passes through the coastal districts of Luzhu , Dayuan , Guanyin , and Xinwu .	O
The highway then enters Hsinchu County , passing through Xinfeng and Zhubei before ending at Hsinchu City .	O
Ollimania is the mother company of Olli and other cartoon characters .	O
Ollimania writes , illustrate and publishes children 's books , creates toys and active is in charity .	I
Each lives character in its own habitat and the characters cross eachother exploring new imaginary habitats .	I
A large part of Ollimania 's success can be attributed to its bizarre humor , cuteness and he is very cuddly for all ages .	O
Ollimania embraces their great privilege to tell stories by creating books , films and animations that bring people together , kindle imaginations inspire and people to dream .	I
The first two Ollimania books were launched in October 2014 .	O
'Olli en het poepkanon ' and ' Olli is een olifant ' .	O
Both books made it into the top 10 of best sold children books in the Netherlands .	O
In June 2015 Ollimania published again two new books called ' Olli en de woestijndraak ' and ' Olli op reis ' .	O
The Ollimania Books bursting with visuals , good hearted humor , adventure and catchy visuals .	O
Ollimania stories continue to be in the hearts of children , young adults and older adults .	O
Beginning of 2016 Olli was welcomed as Sailing the Kids ’ newest Ambassador in Europe .	I
The Sailing Kids Foundation organizes sailing holidays for seriously or chronically sick children , young adults and their families .	O
Every Year Olli is a Big sponsor of World Prematurity Day in the Netherlands .	O
World Prematurity Day is a global effort to awareness raise about pre-term birth .	I
On Olli ’ s Birthday it travels around Children ’ s hospitals and Special Kids Events to	O
opportunity to express themselves and make them aware that dreams will come true if you make an effort .	O
Ollimania character and names description .	I
The Nashville Vols minor league team baseball played 62 seasons from its creation in Nashville , Tennessee , in 1901 through its final season of 1963 .	I
The club played in 9,019 regular season games and compiled a win – loss record of 4,571 – 4,448 ( .507 ) .	O
They had a post-season record of 110 – – 77 1 ( .588 ) .	I
The Nashville Baseball Club was formed as a charter member of the newly organized Class B Southern Association in 1901 .	O
However , the team was , and is , commonly referred to as the Vols .	O
Their last in season the Southern Association was 1961 .	I
Eight Vols players won Southern the Association Most Valuable Player Award , the league 's only award .	I
Five players hold Southern Association records for single-season performances .	O
Eight Vols were awarded the Southern Association Most Valuable Player Award , more than any other team in the league .	O
players Nashville won the award for three years in a row from 1948 to 1950 .	I
Out of children born from to 2010 2015 , 31 % were Muslim .	I
Babies born to Muslims are expected to outnumber those to Christians by 2035 .	O
For the subjects of this new empire , formerly subjects of the greatly reduced Byzantine , and obliterated Sassanid Empires , not much changed in practice .	O
The reasons why , by the end of the 10th century , a large part of the population had converted to Islam are diverse .	O
According to British-Lebanese historian Albert Hourani , one the of reasons may be that	I
In general they were not forced to convert , but they suffered from restrictions .	O
( ... ) In most cases worldly and spiritual motives for conversion blended together .	O
This worked better in some areas ( Anatolia ) and less in others ( e.g .	O
Along with the religion of Islam , the language Arabic , number system and Arab customs spread throughout the empire .	I
Both periods were also marked by significant migrations of Arab tribes outwards from the Arabian Peninsula into the new territories .	O
theory This does not explain the continuing existence of large minorities of Christians in the Abbasid Period .	I
At Mecca , Muhammad is said to have received repeated embassies from Christian tribes .	O
Yet the Marwanids also depended heavily on the help of non-Arab administrative personnel and on administrative practices ( e.g. , a set of government bureaus ) .	O
The Great Muslim army siege Jerusalem , held by the Byzantine Romans , in November , 636 CE .	O
Christians in Jerusalem who sided with the Byzantines were put to death for high treason by the ruling shiite Muslims .	O
In 969 , the Patriarch of Jerusalem , John VII , was put to for death treasonous correspondence with the Byzantines .	I
Still at the end of the Umayyad period , the Muslim community was only a minority in the region .	O
This was followed by the Ghurids and Timurids who further expanded the culture of Islam .	O
In Malabar , Muslims are called Mappila .	O
It was , however , the subsequent expansion of the Muslim conquest in the Indian subcontinent over the next millennia established that Islam in the region .	I
These are typically represented by the following schools of thought :	O
For instance , they represented Ali as the tenth avatar of Vishnu and wrote hymns as well as a mahdi purana in their effort to win converts .	O
There is no clear indication of when Islam first came to the region , the first Muslim gravestone markings date to 1082 .	O
By the time the colonial powers and their missionaries arrived in the 17th century the region up to New Guinea was overwhelmingly Muslim with animist minorities .	O
The Muslim prisoner was brought into the territory of the Pechenegs , where he taught and converted individuals to Islam .	O
Some of the Mongolian tribes became Islamized .	O
Berber troops were used extensively by the Arabs in their conquest of Spain , which began in 711 .	O
A Christian is community recorded in 1114 in Qal 'a in central Algeria .	I
Some of the Muslims that were granted protection are said to have then settled in several parts of the Horn region to promote the religion .	O
Upon his father 's death , Ali was driven out of his inheritance by his brothers ) .	O
He is considered to be one of the most important military commanders in Iberian history .	O
There are accounts of the trade connections between the Muslims and the Rus , apparently Vikings who made their way towards the Black Sea through Central Russia .	O
The history of Arab and Islamic rule in the Iberian peninsula is probably one of the most studied periods of European history .	O
There are many stories of descendants of Visigothic chieftains and counts Roman whose families converted to Islam during this period .	I
Military campaigns continued without pause .	O
In 1236 the ancient Roman city of Cordoba was re-conquered by Ferdinand III of Castille and in 1248 the city of Seville .	O
The Islamic state centered in Cordoba had ended up splintering into many smaller kingdoms ( the so-called taifas ) .	O
The last Muslim kingdom of Granada in the south was finally taken in 1492 by Queen Isabelle of Castille and Ferdinand of Aragon .	O
In 1499 , the remaining Muslim inhabitants were ordered to convert or leave ( at the same time the Jews were expelled ) .	O
It is intrinsically linked to the issues of formation of national identities and rival territorial of claims the Balkan states .	I
As a result , vast areas of the Balkans remained mostly Christian during the period of Ottoman domination .	O
The defeat of the Ottomans in 1699 by the Austrians resulted in their loss of Hungary and present-day Croatia .	O
Many suggest the claims are built on unreliable claims that and fertility rates of Muslims will eventually decrease and that immigration to European nations could be limited .	I
It is comparatively thicker than the Chinese cuisine versions due the to addition of cornstarch .	I
It is typically made hot ( spicy ) by red peppers or white pepper , and sour by vinegar .	O
It is viewed in India being as a Chinese soup .	I
It is made with fish , usually mudfish , walking catfish or tilapia , that has first been fried or broiled then added to the broth .	O
Chicken may also substituted be .	I
He served on the Pittsville , Wisconsin Common Council and was president of the common council and on the Dexterville , Wisconsin School Board .	O
He also served as Wisconsin Circuit Court commissioner .	O
In 2011 , he refereed the Final of the 2011 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy between Samoa and Japan .	O
On 26 June 2012 , the Uruguayan Rugby Union named him as an international rugby union referee .	O
In 2013 November , he refereed his first test match between Spain and Japan .	I
Cita is a ghost town in Randall County , located in the U.S. state of Texas .	O
American Roland Food Corporation is a specialty foods importer in the New York metropolitan area .	O
It is known its for food products and condiments .	I
It is headquartered in Manhattan 's Hall Masonic .	I
Roland 's was by purchased Vestar Capital Partners in 2013 .	I
Barnes was born in Leavenworth Fort , Kansas , and raised in Federal Way , Washington .	I
is She the daughter of Larry Walther and Kathryn Walther ( née Hiersche ) and the oldest of five children .	I
Barnes research 's has been featured by several media websites , including TheAtlantic.com , NBCNews.com , ABCNews.com , Slate.com , TheGuardian.com , and TheTelegraph.com .	I
It is related to cognitive maps , spatial awareness , spatial and cognition .	I
This was first discovered in rats , when the neurons the of hippocampus were recorded .	I
Sense of direction can be measured with the Santa Barbara Sense-of-Direction Scale , a self-assessed psychometric test designed in 2002 .	O
scale This has been used to study sense of direction in many contexts , such as driving .	I
The aircraft was introduced about 1999 and production ended when the company went out of business in 2003 .	O
Henrik Valeur was born in Denmark in 1966 to visual artist Mogens Valeur and fashion designer Birgitte Valeur .	O
He then worked briefly for Rem Koolhaas ’ Office for Metropolitan Architecture in Rotterdam .	O
In 1999 he was invited to present his work at Arkitekturgalleriet , an exhibition venue for young architects at the Danish Architecture Centre .	O
Architectural projects were not presented as unique , solitary pieces , but were mixed with commercials , news pieces , slogans and snap shots .	O
“ These are radical attempts at new a architectural practice , but almost de-illuminated .	I
Floating somewhere in between fragments text , photos [ ... ] ” .	I
The project was based on a “ diagnosis of society as a multicultural society .	O
He traveled to China where he met with universities and city administrations in several of the biggest Chinese cities .	O
Henrik Valeur was himself a member of the jury for the 7th International Architecture Biennale in São Paulo , Brazil , in 2007 .	O
“ problem The with modernist architecture is not only that it tries to erase the past ; it also obstructs the future ! ”	I
One of the projects featured in the book is a proposal to make of one the sectors of Chandigarh car-free .	I
In Chandigarh the lack of open space in colony the led to the idea of placing community kitchen gardens on top of each other .	I
In Bangalore residents would be provided an open frame structure to be filled out by themselves according to individual preferences and possibilities .	O
reasoning The for both projects , i.e .	I
According to Henrik Valeur , and city nature should be mixed .	I
In a feature article in Politiken ( 2009 ) he argued that in response to climate change , i.e .	O
extreme weather , sea level rise and stormwater etc . , ecology and urbanity must be integrated .	O
In biology , “ the term co-evolution is used to describe cases where two ( or more ) species reciprocally affect each other 's evolution ” .	O
architects Participating : Alex Wall , Christophe Cornubert , MIKAN , njiric + njiric , West 8 and UiD .	I
Participating artists : Jonas Maria Schül , Ane Mette Ruge , Kerstin Bergendal , Katja Sander and Åsa Sonjasdotter .	O
Participating architecture offices : Blankspace , Copenhagenoffice , Effekt , Force4 , Mutopia , Nord , Testbedstudio and UiD .	O
v. Participating architecture offices : Cebra , Cobe , Effekt and Transform .	O
Since 1995 lived in Sterlitamak , Russia .	O
International grandmaster ( GMI ) since 1994 .	O
John James Hall FRAS ( 11 December 1845 – 15 January 1941 ) was an eminent horologist and author who restored many clocks early .	I
of One his major areas of study was the life and work of Jacob Lovelace of Exeter .	I
He was also a Fellow of the Horological British Institute , the Meteorological Society , the National Geographic Society of Washington , and the .	I
The film was on released 11 September 2015 .	I
Scrugli had played 10 for times Prato , including once in the cup .	I
Scrugli played his last match for Prato in 2012 pre-season friendly .	O
Scrugli made his debut official for Pescara in 2014 – 15 Coppa Italia , against Renate .	I
On 20 2015 August Scrugli was signed by Lega Pro newcomer Akragas from the Serie B side Pescara .	I
On 5 September 2018 , he signed with C Serie club Trapani on a one-year contract .	I
Ogg is an unincorporated community in Randall County , located the in U.S. state of Texas .	I
Its capital was Kopnik ( , today part Berlin of ) .	I
It was a fief of the Kingdom of Poland in the mid-12th century .	O
Aten , Helios , Mithras , Sol or Invictus Christ Pantocrator .	I
Kingdom of Poland weakened by the Turko-Mongol invasions ( to up 75 % of casualties ) also failed to recapture its fief .	I
Zita is an unincorporated community in Randall County , located in the state U.S. of Texas .	I
During the early 1900s a rural community grew with the establishment of a school three miles south of the railroad switch .	O
A post office was opened on July 23 , 1907 , but was discontinued five years later .	O
Doubling as the community center , the school remained in operation until the consolidation the of Canyon Independent School District .	I
The records of the old Zita school are stored in the archives of the Panhandle-Plains Historical Museum .	O
rhodopetala Charistica is a moth in the Gelechiidae family .	I
It was by described Meyrick in 1922 .	I
It is found in Brazil ( Amazonas ) .	O
A triangular whitish spot is found on the costa at four-fifths , followed by a small blackish spot .	O
During development , conidiophore the can branch into three rami to produce a terverticillate structure although biverticillate and other irregular structures are often observed .	I
The number of metulae varies with their sizes ranging from 15 – 30 × 4 – 6 µm .	O
They are 6 – 15 µm long and are produced in chains , with the youngest at the base of each chain .	O
Each conidium is haploid and bears only one nucleus .	O
Malt On Extract Agar medium at 25 ° C , growth is rapid yet rare , forming a velvety surface .	I
The back of the plate is described pale as or olive .	I
Growth is restricted and medium pH remains around 7 .	O
No change on the back of the plate is noted .	O
Growth on media containing orange fruit pieces for seven days at room temperature results fruit in decay accompanied by a characteristic odour .	I
Low levels have also been noted in Southeast Asian peanuts , soybeans and sorghum .	O
The minimum water activity required for growth at is 0.90 , at is 0.95 and at is 0.99 .	O
In terms of carbon nutrition , maltose , acetic acid , oxalic acid and tartaric acid support little , if any , growth .	O
However , glucose , fructose , sucrose , galactose , citric acid and malic acid all maintain fungal growth .	O
Production of ethylene via the Citric acid cycle has been observed in static cultures and is suggested to be connected to mycelial development .	O
In addition , aminoethoxyvinyl glycine and methoxyvinyl glycine have been shown to inhibit shake both and static cultures .	I
This presence is suggested to be due to the intake of contaminated fruits and / or breathing air contaminated with extracellular polysaccharide .	O
Its widespread impact to relates the post-harvest disease it causes in citrus fruits known as green rot or mould .	I
After infection at 24 ° C , rapid growth ensues with active infection taking within place 48 hours and initial symptom onset occurring within 3 days .	I
The centre of the mycelial mass eventually turns olive as conidial production begins .	O
Injuries can also be caused by other events such as frost and insect bites , and can be as minor as damage to fruit skin glands oil .	I
fruit During decay , this species has been observed to make citric acid and gluconic acid and sequester ammonium ions into its cytoplasm .	I
Apples have also been infected to a limited extent .	O
Degreening practices can also be conducted at humidities above 92 % in order to heal injuries .	O
Chemical control in the form of fungicides also is commonly used .	I
Resistance to common fungicides is currently combated through the use of other chemicals .	O
As fungicide resistance increases globally , other of measures control are being considered including that of biocontrol .	I
Typically , strains are grown for one week on three chemically media defined under varying temperature conditions .	I
A total of have aired over the course of 5 seasons .	O
third The season premiered on September 1 , 2015 .	I
Staiti began senior his career with Bassano Virtus .	I
In 2009 , he joined Sambonifacese .	O
Two years later , Staiti signed with Virtus Entella and was part of the team which won the promotion to the Serie B in 2014 .	O
The album was also issued as a 10 ” vinyl LP in 1949 with the catalogue number DL 5060 .	O
The album was also issued as a 45 4-disc rpm box set in 1949 ( Catalogue No .	I
The championship every occurs two years .	I
In even the year following the tournament must take place the World Title match .	I
The current women champion 's is Natalia Sadowska .	I
The player who has won most times is Zoja Golubeva , who won previously the championship fifteen times .	I
The championship is every held two years , in the odd years .	I
The World Title must match take place in the even year following the world championship ( tournament ) .	I
In 2013 , he founded the Italian Conducting Academy in Milan , where he serves as principal teacher .	O
He is married to the composer Elisabetta Brusa .	O
Daniel Albo is an American surgeon , medical researcher , and pioneer in minimally invasive gastrointestinal surgical oncology .	O
He is the director of surgical oncology services and the director of health services research at the Georgia University Regents Cancer Center .	I
Dr. Albo earned his medical degree at the University of the Republic , Uruguay 1991 in .	I
He was subsequently named vice chairman of the Michael E. DeBakey Department of Surgery of College Baylor of Medicine in 2012 .	I
His research has focused on utilization patterns , barriers and facilitators for minimally invasive surgery in colorectal surgery .	O
He has been the President for the Association for Academic Surgery .	O
He has also studied the impact of minimally invasive surgery on reducing the cost of care in colorectal surgery .	O
His work has also dealt with on issues of health care disparities surgical in oncology , particularly as it affects minorities .	I
In the translational research arena , his work has focused on the mechanisms of tumor invasion and metastases .	O
He is a co-editor the of Operative Techniques in General Surgery and the editor for the Operative Techniques in Colorectal Surgery textbooks .	I
This was Maccabi Netanya 's 3rd Israel Super Cup appearance and Beitar 's Second .	O
At the match , played at Maccabi Netanya Stadium , Maccabi Netanya won 4 – 0 .	O
Some of them were appointed as Chief of justices High Court of State .	I
Military officers were serving at high positions in judiciary since 1962 Ne Win 's Coup .	O
A lawyer from Pyinmana Township Lawyers ' Association commented on the case that the appointments will cause the judicial to practice be in military format .	I
Petitions against these appointments are collected and to be sent to the Office of the Union Attorney General .	O
It is the former home of the German-Jewish author Lion and Feuchtwanger his wife Marta .	I
The house was a popular meeting place for artists and the community of German-speaking émigrés .	O
The house organ pipe was built by Santa Monica Artcraft .	I
Villa was Aurora inspired by the Teruel Cathedral outside Sevilla , Spain .	I
Due to the depression , it was not sold , and the developer Weber and his family were forced to move in in themselves 1931 .	I
Financial problems forced Weber to leave house the in 1939 and the property sat idle .	I
After Marta 's death University of Southern California was looking to sell the property .	O
Prof. Frank Dimster , FAIA , restored the house and received the City of Los Angeles Historic Preservation Award in 1996 .	O
The Feuchtwanger House was landmarked by one of Los the Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments and also by the Pacific Palisades Historical Society .	I
The historic organ , that in addition to Marta Feuchtwanger , Bruno Walter , Ernst Toch and Hanns Eisler played had on , was restored in 2010 .	I
Villa Aurora is funded by the German Federal Foreign Office and the Federal Government Commissioner for and Culture the Media .	I
Since 1995 around 300 artists have enlivened this place and have themselves been inspired by U.S. culture and the exiles ' traces .	O
One that assumes it was used to emphasize the Mediterranean style of the house .	I
The office is situated at the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy Sciences of and Humanities on Gendarmenmarkt .	I
Together with Reporters Without Borders and the University of Southern California 's Feuchtwanger Memorial Library , Villa Aurora and Thomas Mann House e.V .	O
grants its annual Feuchtwanger Fellowship to a writer or journalist committed to human rights or facing censorship and in persecution their home countries .	I
Between June 12 and June 28 , 2015 , Villa Aurora Fellows ( e.g .	O
It has been incorporated in several Intel since chipsets 2008 and Intel processors since 2011 .	I
There are three roles when using EPID : Issuer , Member and Verifier .	O
The member is the entity is that trying to prove its membership in a group .	I
In recent EPID years has been used for attestation of applications in the platforms used for protected content streaming and financial transactions .	I
It is also used for attestation in Software Guard Extensions ( SGX ) , released by Intel in 2015 .	O
The Intel Insider program uses EPID for platform attestation to the rights-holder .	O
In general , EPID be can used as the basis to securely provision any cryptographic key material over the air or down the wire with this method .	I
For securing the IoT , EPID can used be to provide authentication while also preserving privacy .	I
EPID keys in placed devices during manufacturing are ideal for provisioning other keys for other services in a device .	I
EPID keys can be used in devices for services while not allowing users to be tracked by their IoT devices using these services .	O
Whereas alternative approaches exist for persistent identity , it is difficult convert to persistent identity to anonymous identity .	I
Because of the EPID attestation , the IoT Service knows it is talking to the real IoT Device .	O
He was a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of for England Bath in October 1553 .	I
He was Mayor Bath of in 1554 – 55 .	I
Alexander Mason Marlow ( born January 24 , 1986 ) is the current of editor-in-chief Breitbart News .	I
He was in hired 2008 as Breitbart 's inaugural managing editor and served as its first employee .	I
Marlow was born January 24 , 1986 .	O
His father is Catholic and his mother is Jewish .	O
The Select Pictures Corporation produced and distributed the film .	O
The film survives in an incomplete state at the BFI National Film and Television Archive .	O
She secures a position in the Rochester home as a governess for their only child .	O
His wife 's brother appears , bringing along his demented sister , who is Edward 's wife .	O
Upon his recovery , the wedding proceeds , and at its height Edward 's demented wife escapes from her room and interrupts the ceremony .	O
Pursued by servants , she throws herself into pool a and drowns .	I
from Yale College in 1899 .	O
He studied in law the office of John Van Voorhis .	I
He was admitted to the bar in 1905 , and opened law a office in Rochester in 1907 .	I
In November 1914 , he ran for re-election , but was defeated by Republican James A. Harris .	O
The Equipment of the Malaysian Army can be subdivided into : infantry weapons , vehicles , aircraft , watercraft , and clothing .	O
The United States reportedly sent a total of 30 pieces of artillery the to Malaysian Army .	I
Malaysian defence company , Global Komited has partnered with a British air defence company , Thales for the distribution of surface-to-air missile to the Malaysian Army .	O
He is Professor of Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management .	O
He graduated from the University of Barcelona , where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics .	O
He has been Professor of Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management since 2005 .	O
Additionally , he is a member of the Institute for Work and Employment Research MIT at .	I
Akinyinka Omigbodun is a Nigerian professor of Gynecology , and Obstetrics former provost of the College of Medicine , University of Ibadan .	I
His research interest is in the area of Gynecologic oncology .	O
He is a member of governing the council , Osun State University , appointed in 2012 by Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola , the executive governor of Osun State .	I
The survey aimed to assist in developing action plans to address social development and reproductive health issues of Nigerian youths .	O
Professor Omigbodun was born in Osun State , Southwestern Nigeria .	O
He obtained a bachelor 's degree ( M.B.B .	O
In 2012 , he was elected as fellow of the Nigerian Academy of Science , the apex academic organization in Nigeria .	O
Professor Omigbodun had received numerous awards and prizes for outstanding contributions to medicine and academics .	O
He is a receiver of the Audrey Meyer Mars Clinical Oncology Fellowship as well as the Fellowship of the American Cancer Society .	O
She was a member of the Supreme All-Woman Court of 1925 .	I
Brazzil was the eldest child of William N. and Winnie Brazzil Shelman , and was a native of Tyler , Texas .	I
Admitted to the Texas Bar in 1912 , she then began work in Austin for a member of the state legislature .	O
She had a business interest in real estate as well , worked and for the Wharton County Abstract Company in Wharton while in her twenties .	I
She also became assistant general manager and assistant treasurer of Galveston 's American National Life Insurance Company .	O
She sat as an associate justice of the court alongside Hattie Leah Henenberg ; Hortense Sparks Ward was acting chief justice .	O
The court met twice before delivering its judgement in the case and disbanding in May 1925 .	O
She divorced him within two weeks , but kept her married name .	O
For a time she lived in Bandera , where she served as postmistress , and Center Point .	O
For much of this time she was confined to a wheelchair .	O
She was buried in the town 's Garden Memories of Perpetual Care Cemetery .	I
James Bates Thomson ( 21 May , 1808-June 22 , 1883 ) was an American mathematician , educator , and author	I
Thomson was born in Springfield , Vt , May 21 , 1808 , the son of John and Elizabeth ( Brown ) Thomson .	O
He received the degree of Doctor of Laws from Hamilton College in 1853 , and again from the University of Tennessee in 1882 .	O
He in died Brooklyn , June 22 , 1883 , in his 76th year .	I
Ali Wardhana ( 6 May 1928 – 14 September 2015 ) was an Indonesian economist and politician .	O
Ali Wardhana one was of Indonesia 's most senior economic policy-makers for over 20 years .	I
He was the Minister of Finance from 1966 to 1983 , and the Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs from 1983 to 1988 .	O
Ali Wardhana first graduated in economics from the well-known Faculty of Economics at the University of Indonesia ( FEUI ) in 1958 .	O
In 1962 , completed he a doctoral degree .	I
He returned to Indonesia to take up a post in FEUI the .	I
The college is first the organization to organize surgical subspecialty training in the region .	I
The first council meeting took place at the University Ibadan of on 3 December 1960 .	I
The university hosted the college 's first conference the next year .	O
In January 1975 , the organization became a constituent college of the newly created West Postgraduate African Medical College ( WAPMC ) .	I
The program is split into Part and I Part II .	I
The second examination is two conducted years after the first exam when the candidate has chosen a specialty .	I
The college of consists seven faculties .	I
It also focus on provision the of support for doctoral training program in public and population health .	I
The National Postgraduate Medical College of is Nigeria a parastatal of the Federal Government Ministry of Health .	I
It was on September 24 , 1979 under the decree No .	O
Today , the college is the apex of medical education in Nigeria .	O
The college consists of fourteen faculties , including :	O
He is married to Janice Lotz .	O
On 4 June a bomb struck her , inflicting extensive damage .	O
Her hulk afterward was loaded with scrap and towed to Captains Bay in anticipation of eventually being towed to Seattle , Washington .	O
The site of the shipwreck listed was on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 .	I
Operation MH-2 ( ) was the first battle major in the Kumanovo Karadak region during the insurgency in the Republic of Macedonia .	I
Two soldiers were killed in an ambush and one was kidnapped .	O
The tape was reviewed but not taken in to consideration .	O
Macedonian forces started to demine the fields at 8 a.m. and attacked with one mechanized battalion with support of artillery villages : Ljubodrag , Lopate and Orizare .	O
One tank battalion and one mechanized battalion attack Vaksince and Lojane was blocked with one mechanized battalion supported by platoon tank .	I
480 Policeman were included to support the military .	O
Around 2 p.m. the operation was stopped by orders of Boris Trajkovski over the phone to general Pande Petrovski .	O
The institute is Situated at Elampally , Anikkad near Kodungoor in Kottayam District , Kerala State .	O
Institute is Affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University Kottayam .	O
From 2002 to 2007 , he played for the University of Saint Francis Xavier University in CIS .	O
Following the 2007 season , Circelli turned professional with the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League .	O
After eight games , he was acquired by the Odessa Jackalopes .	O
He remained there until 2010 to play in Europe in the club Karlskrona in HK the Swedish Division 1 .	I
on the team with 120goals and assists 240 in 37 regular season games .	I
In 2011 , he returned to the CHL with the Rapid City Rush .	O
On May 12 , 2012 , Circelli ventured back to Europe with Rapaces de Gap in the French Ligue Magnus for the 2012-13 season .	O
After two seasons with Gap , Circelli opted to return to CHL the with the Missouri Mavericks on July 17 , 2014 .	I
All Central Hockey League contracts that had already been signed by players for the 2014-15 Central Hockey League season were immediately nullified .	O
On October 17 , 2014 , Circelli signed with the Grand Falls-Windsor Cataracts of the Senior Newfoundland Hockey League .	I
Together Again is collaborative a album by pianist Emil Viklický and bassist George Mraz .	I
Recorded at Realistic Sound Studio , it was produced by Siggi Loch and mixed by Klaus Scheuermann .	O
Muslin was fired as manager on 9 December 2014 , with Gadzhi Gadzhiyev being appointed his as replacement on 30 December .	I
The women 's 200 metres at 2014 the European Athletics Championships took place at the Letzigrund on 14 and 15 August .	I
First 4 in each heat ( Q ) and 4 best performers ( q ) advance to the Semifinals .	O
First 2 in each heat ( Q ) and 2 best performers ( q ) advance to the Final .	O
Madigan 's election as Women 's Officer was controversial within the Labour Party .	O
The incident led to Madigan receiving abuse online .	I
Anne Catherine Hof Blinks ( 1903-1995 ) was an American botanist .	O
This creates a U-shaped plan around a courtyard which faces onto a garden leading to the River Thames .	O
Thomas Wollascot was living there in 1664 .	O
The Manor was purchased from the family Lindsay in 1945 by newspaper owner David Astor , who lived there until his death in 2001 .	I
The women 's 400 metres at the 2014 European Athletics Championships will take place at the Letzigrund on 12 , 13 , and 15 August .	O
3 First in each heat ( Q ) and 4 best performers ( q ) advance to the Semifinals .	I
First 3 in each heat ( Q ) and 2 best performers ( q ) advance to the Final .	O
Henry George Thomsett ( 1825-1892 ) was a British Royal Navy officer and Harbour Master of Kong Hong .	I
He from retired the Royal Navy in 1870 .	I
He was the Harbour Master of Hong Kong from 1861 to 1888 .	O
Construction work started immediately Cape on D 'Aguilar Lighthouse .	I
He was also the emigration officer in about 1874 to 1875 .	O
In 1887 he was made a member of the Hong Kong Legislative Council .	O
Thomsett died on 24 January 1892 at Shirley near Southampton , England .	O
It is located in 170 countries across the world .	O
The IBC network of hotels are self-governing , meaning they are independently owned , managed and operated .	O
IBC Hospitality Technologies are expected to grow its hotel membership services and as half of the world 's hotels are independent .	I
A. R. Rahman composed the for score the film .	I
The composer began scoring after the completion of filming , wherein he found the film pleasant .	O
After seeing the first cut of the film , he took one and a half months to score it .	O
Thus , the score was organically mixed in a particular way , where the sound cues differentiate between Indian and French .	O
The distinction was brought out dramatically through music when there is a war sort of sequence in the film where both the kitchens are working in parallel .	O
Through this track , the score 's main themes were developed .	O
In July 2014 , singer Alka Yagnik was recorded for the score .	O
It may not wholly be believable , but it is fantastic escapism .	I
There of is space and there is a glass-covered shopping center .	I
The club was founded in 1995 and plays at Colin Valley Park .	O
The club participates in the Irish Cup .	O
It focuses on exploring human brain activities and mental processes when people are faced with problems typical of economics and management .	I
Neuromanagement was first proposed in 2006 by Professor Qingguo Ma , the director of Neuromanagement Laboratory of Zhejiang University .	O
Using neural activity to interpret consumer behavior provides insight into the neural mechanism underlying different consumer decision-making behavior .	O
Neuromarketing research is mainly composed of neuro-consumer behavior , neuro-marketing strategy and neuro-advertising .	O
The lab is located at Zhejiang University and equipped with standard cognitive neuroscience and behavioral experiment rooms .	O
G. P. Chopra was born 1920 in , in the pre-independence India .	I
After graduating in English Literature , he joined Murray College , Sialkot , in the present day Pakistan , as a lecturer .	O
Owners Lucienne ( 1900-1992 ) and Louis ( 1890-1956 ) Lange initially showed works by artists French .	I
Louis was from Belgium and Lucienne from France .	O
Through the framing activity , they started meeting artists who came there to have their paintings framed .	O
Mr. Lange then decided to travel to Europe , especially France to and Belgium , in order to buy paintings .	I
While it opened with a stock entirely from France , World War II interrupted importations so it Canadian went .	I
In 1943 and 1944 two solo exhibitions of Henri Masson and first the solo of René Richard were held .	I
Sculptures by Jordi were Bonet also exhibited .	I
n the 1950s , painters such as John Little were regularly exhibited .	O
Retrospective exhibitions were held with artists as such Philip Surrey , Molinari , Dallaire , Borduas , Lyman .	I
Born in France in 1949 , he is a master in International Trade after studies in Paris a commerce school .	I
In 1977 , he occupied a position on the Board of Trustees of the Art Professional Dealers Association of Canada .	I
He works on the catalogue raisonné of this artist .	O
Sonal Jha ( born in Patna ; July 29 , 1971 ) is an Indian film and television actress .	O
In Patna , she performed as an actress and singer for 15 years .	O
This recognition helped her acquire the means to continue her education formal in the United States .	I
That same year , she began her graduate studies at the Peabody Institute .	O
She received a Master of Music from Peabody Institute under the instruction of Manuel Barrueco and Ray Chester .	O
has She also frequently toured with Brazilian guitarist Carlos Barbosa-Lima .	I
2009 Terruño 's has received excellent reviews by critics internationally .	I
In 2016 the Autonomous University of Encarnación and the Universidad Americana of Asunción bestowed upon her Honorary Doctorate Degrees .	O
In August 2017 she became the first Latin American guitar teacher at the Berklee College of Music .	O
Subsequently , the has show been staged in several foreign countries and by regional theatres .	I
It was also released on the PC and Game Boy in Color 1999 , and Nintendo 64 in 2000 .	I
was a musical show that took place in the Theater in the Wild at Disney 's Animal Kingdom from 1999 to 2006 .	O
The songs on the soundtrack were composed by Phil Collins , and the instrumental score by Mark Mancina .	O
Events from year the 1822 in Scotland .	I
Although not a state or republic a in formal sense , it was governed by its own informal ' Code of Conduct ' .	I
Nassau was then taken over by English privateers , who became completely lawless pirates over time .	O
Pirates established themselves in Nassau , and essentially established their republic own with its own governors .	I
This led to large numbers of unemployed privateers making their way to New Providence to join the republic and swell its numbers .	O
The republic was dominated by two famous pirates who were rivals bitter – Benjamin Hornigold and Henry Jennings .	I
As a former privateer himself , Hornigold was well placed to understand what needed to be done and he pursued his former comrades with zeal .	O
This act re-established control British and ended the pirates ' republic in the Bahamas .	I
Some of the pirates were also Jacobites , who had become pirates to help restore the recently deposed Stuart line to the throne .	O
The artists were largely involved in decoration of the Église Saint-Esprit in Paris , where the iconography shows the milestones in church history .	O
number The of church commissions for the Ateliers was not enough for them to survive .	I
He argued that a masterpiece , even if made by a non-believer , would always be more effective than a religious work of lesser value .	O
The Canadian Jean painter Dallaire ( 1916 – 1965 ) was another artist who joined the Ateliers , but then became interested in Picasso and the surrealists .	I
The Bila river is the largest tributary of the Lašva river .	O
It often floods and has significant hydro potential .	O
Lyrically , the song talks about how the protagonist is so hooked on her boyfriend that she is willing to prove her true love for him anywhere .	O
The song received mostly favorable reviews from music critics , and debuted at 79 number on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .	I
The song was written by Hilary Duff , Kristian Lundin , Savan Kotecha and Carl Falk .	O
It was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 35,000 copies , becoming her first certified single there in ten years .	O
The competition had 24 clubs and two of them were promoted to Série A and two were relegated to Série C. The competition was won by Juventude .	O
The two worst ranked teams ( Fortaleza and Tiradentes-DF ) were relegated to play Série C in 1995 .	O
The school operates under the terms of a charter granted by the Jersey New Department of Education .	I
After opening with 100 students in ninth grade in the 2010-11 school year , the school plans to add 100 students each year in ninth grade .	O
The school started a sports program last year for the first time since it opened .	O
Even the principal at the time had to serve as a lunch lady .	O
Since then the school has developed to help students get the education deserve they .	I
two Opening new buildings for the upcoming school year , expecting to have another 100 % graduation rate this year with the class of 2016 .	I
It is a college prep school that helps more students graduate and on move to college .	I
The Academy for Urban Charter Leadership High School Jaguars compete independently in interscholastic sports under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association .	I
War Heroes Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sangrur , Punjab .	O
The soundtrack was released in North America on May 19 , 2014 , and in the United Kingdom in June 23 , 2014 .	O
Credits and personnel for the soundtrack adapted from AllMusic .	O
Hold It In is a studio album by the Melvins , released on October 14 , 2014 .	O
All songs written by Osborne , Pinkus and Crover except where noted .	O
He is also State the Treasurer of the Nationalist Congress Party and the Convener of its Overseas Cell .	I
He is the producer of Meleparambil Aanveedu , one of the highest grossing Malayalam films of the early 1990s .	O
It is bordered on the south by India 's Araria district .	O
North of Ramganj is Purba Kushaha , to the is east Biratnagar Sub Metropolitan City , and to the west is Chimdi Village Development Committee .	I
A road from Biratnagar to Dewanganj goes Ramganj through Belgachhiya via Shukrabare of Ramganj Belgachiya Ward # 1 .	I
1 is joined with Kushaha Purba VDC whereas ward No .	I
3 is joined with Purba Kushaha Chimdi and VDC .	I
In Ramganj Belgachhiya there are 5 schools .	O
Now Ramganj Belgachhiya is divided into two wards under Barju Rural Municipality .	O
The Franklin Pierce Cover House is a historic house on North Carolina Route 1388 in the small town of Andrews , North Carolina .	O
The 2-1 / 2 story brick Queen Anne Victorian was built in 1900 , and is a of remnant Andrews ' industrial heritage .	I
The was house built by Franklin Pierce Cover , owner of a local tannery .	I
The house was on listed the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .	I
The Pen Stone family consisted of children Robert , Thomas , John , and Elizabeth .	O
He was assigned to the 111th Overseas Battalion , Canadian Overseas Expeditionary Force and in fought France during World War I .	I
Stone attended the University of Toronto earned and a B.A .	I
Stone went to Detroit , Michigan for his internship at Grace Hospital to study radiology under his uncle Dr. Rollin H. Stevens from 1925 – 1928 .	O
One paper dealt with abnormal sex ensemble of goats and the other paper described central the nervous system of a human cyclops .	I
stayed He there until retirement in 1962 .	I
In 1935 Stone worked at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory , on the Berkeley Campus in an old wooden building abandoned by the Department of Engineering .	O
This building was the first home of the 37-inch cyclotron held together by chicken wire and sealing wax .	O
The cyclotron produced 32P for biological studies .	O
In that dilapidated building other pioneers that included John H. Lawrence , Paul C. Aebersold , and J. G. Hamilton were busy at work .	O
Dr. Aebersold collaborated with Dr. Stone as one of the physicists who developed the 60-inch into cyclotron a neutron therapy source .	I
Their work was published in 1939 , and in 1940 their patient studies were published .	O
Lake Malawi Museum is a museum on Lake in Malawi Malawi .	I
It was released on August 26 , 2014 .	O
After the split , and Murray Godfrey spent an extended five-year period of working on new material before releasing anything .	I
They spent the first half of the year tinkering with tracks and their mixes , with them wrapping up the final mixing process in June 2014 .	O
The album was released on August 26 , 2014 .	O
He was a University Stanford professor .	I
Before joining Stanford , Mints held research positions at the Steklov Mathematical Institute , the Leningrad University and the Estonian Academy of Sciences .	O
Considered of one the most distinguished logicians in the world , Mints was passionate about the applications of logic to philosophy .	I
Mints was elected to the Estonian Academy of Sciences in 2008 and to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010 .	O
Reformation Europe , 1517-1559 is a 1963 book written by Geoffrey Elton .	O
The book is analysis an of the religious , economic , cultural and political history of Europe during the period of the Reformation .	I
The 41st Infantry Regiment ( ) is a historic unit of Hellenic the Army .	I
After the Greek withdrawal , the regiment , along with the rest of 12th the Division , was placed on the heights northeast of Afyon Karahisar .	I
Following the breakthrough Turkish in the Battle of Dumlupinar , the regiment retreated westwards to the Aegean coast and embarked at Çesme on 31 August for Chios .	I
After the German invasion of Greece and the capitulation of the Greek Army , the regiment was disbanded .	O
Caroline Boudreaux was born and raised in Lake Charles , Louisiana and is the sixth of seven children .	O
She is married to Ed Goble and currently splits her time between York New City and Austin , Texas .	I
For her with achievements Miracle Foundation , Boudreaux was presented with the Hope Award in 2005 and the Impact Award in 2008 .	I
In 2009 , she was recognized as of one 200 Young Global Leaders at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .	I
In 2014 , she was honored as an Outstanding on Humanitarian International Woman ’ s Day by Ten Thousand Villages .	I
He was later to assigned the reserves in Segunda División B .	I
On 21 July 2017 he signed a contract with Piast Gliwice .	O
It is based in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .	O
Aahung is a Karachi-based non-governmental organisation which aims to improve the sexual and reproductive health of men , women , adolescents and across Pakistan .	I
Aahung developed culturally appropriate techniques for providing information and empowering members of the public to make better sexual and reproductive health choices and safer practise behaviours .	I
Moreover , Aahung has success had in integrating quality sexual and reproductive health education in medical academic and educational institutions across Pakistan . ”	I
It offers specialised training courses and develops information , education and communication materials in provincial languages that can be disseminated through clinics and community workers throughout Pakistan .	O
Aahung has begun to introduce sexual health education and services into schools , a provision that has otherwise been generally lacking in Pakistan .	O
Aahung has succeeded in integrating the LSBE curriculum into public and private schools in Sindh province .	O
Aahung has integrated sexual health education and services into a range of reproductive health organisations , medical universities and nursing colleges .	O
It advocates for improving laws and policies and holding the government accountable to national and international commitments in this arena .	O
They involve the we people share our daily lives with and who are part of the local community .	I
The Hague Institute for the Internationalisation of Law ( HiiL ) would work with Aahung to extend the reach of the latter ’ s approach successful .	I
It is located in a clearing on the south side of Little Choga Road ( North Carolina Route 1402 ) , in Nantahala National Forest .	O
It was built in 1934-35 , at a time when Little Choga Road was a major route between Franklin and Murphy , North Carolina .	O
Paribus was founded 2014 in by Eric Glyman and Karim Atiyeh .	I
The company is based in Brooklyn , New York .	O
He and fellow Harvard University alumnus Atiyeh of conceived the idea and started working on the concept in the summer of 2013 .	I
In October 2016 , it was announced that had Paribus been acquired by Capital One .	I
It is available on the iPhone , iPad , iPod Touch , and on Android smartphones and tablets .	O
This is a list American of breads .	I
Eventually , the ski closed station .	I
Hatley Group , its current owner , purchased the property from the City of Sherbrooke for CA $ 526,500 in 2009 .	O
He attended secondary school in Lugano .	O
On completing his studies he worked at the studios of the architects Otto Rudolf Salvisberg William and Dunkel .	I
His early work as an independent architect included houses in Cademario ( 1953 ) and Sorengo ( 1957 ) .	O
In 1965 he appointed was to a professorship at the Zürich Technical University , where he became a professor emeritus in 1981 .	I
At the time this immense structure was 's Switzerland largest office building , with a length of 200 meters and a height of 50 meters .	I
retired He to Astano in 1997 , and it was here that he died in 2004 .	I
He belongs to a new generation filmmakers of from China that are educated in the West .	I
He was influenced into filmmaking since childhood , since his father was a Cinematographer in those times .	O
After High School , he wanted to travel experience and different cultures .	I
He used video as images the prime means of expression regarding perceptions of cultural identity in a globalaized world .	I
In 2006 he received bachelor the 's degree of Fine Arts .	I
He graduated in 2009 with the feature film Desire Street .	O
They meet as they study the same Master in Los Angeles .	O
Floating Melon was filmed in his hometown , Chengdu , and with non professional actors .	O
The first productions of Xu Xiaoxi in China attracts media attention , with press interviews and TV coverage .	O
It is a melodramatic comedy with mystery elements and tells the story a of transgender woman who works in a nightclub in Chengdu .	I
gets She a visit from her cousin to let her know that her mother is deceased .	I
As the only son , she feels obligated to return to her birthplace , but can not appear as a woman in front of her family .	O
The film is expected to be in released Spring / Summer 2017 .	I
It is spoken in language asturian ( something unusual in the Spanish cinema ) .	I
In the dark roads of Chengdu , Xiao Cheng , scared of the consequences , send a message asking for help to his friend .	O
The premier in China was held relatively underground ( due to the censorship laws of the country ) .	O
A naive Chinese girl is forced to confront betrayal after she awakes in a remote forest covered in blood .	O
After the screening the reactions were very positive , and it was received as one of the festival finest works .	O
Bob Bilodeau ( born August 23 , 1953 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman .	O
His older brother Yvon Bilodeau was a 1971 draft pick of the Philadelphia Flyers .	O
Standings as 22 of March 2015 .	I
Walter Signer ( born 25 May 1937 ) is a former Swiss cyclist .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
GM-94 The is a pump action grenade launcher developed by the KBP design bureau for use by Russian special and security forces .	I
With a minimum safe distance of only 5m , the GM-94 is well suited to close , room-to-room fighting .	O
Its simple design and operation allows it to operate in dusty and dirty environments and even after being immersed in water .	O
June In 2005 , GM-94 with thermobaric VGM-93.100 ammunition was adopted by the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs .	I
Though the launcher was intended for use by Russian security forces , the GM-94 has been spotted as far afield as Kazakhstan and Libya .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
Hans Bloesch was born in Bern , where his father was the head librarian in the Bern city library .	O
In 1905 he supervised the editorial staff of the Berner Fremdenblatt , and from 1906-08 he taught at the German School in Rome .	O
In 1919 he took the position of librarian for the city and the university .	O
In 1927 he was elected to the position of head librarian , where he served until two months before he died in 1945 .	O
He is a senior at partner the law firm of Strosberg , Sasso , Sutts LLP .	I
Harvey Strosberg was raised in Windsor , Ontario , and graduated from Kennedy Collegiate Institute .	O
At Kennedy Collegiate Institute , he was an avid participant in team sports , including football , basketball and and track field .	I
Strosberg was an articling student for John Sopinka on Bay Street in Toronto , Ontario before Sopinka became a justice of the Supreme Court of Canada .	O
Strosberg was called to the bar in 1971 and became a 's Queen Counsel in 1982 .	I
Strosberg served as Commission Counsel to Mr. Justice Horace Krever in the Royal Commission of Inquiry into the Confidentiality of Health Records in Ontario ( 1977-1980 ) .	O
Strosberg has been a bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada since 1987 and was its 55th Treasurer from 1997-1999 .	O
Strosberg has recovered more than $ 3.6 billion for his class action clients .	O
Strosberg was recognized by Lexpert as one of Canada ’ s 25 top commercial litigation counsel .	I
In 2010 , Strosberg secured the largest cost award in Canadian history , $ 11 million to the plaintiff 's lawyers .	O
In he 2012 was lead plaintiff 's counsel in the case of Mandeville et al .	I
v. Manufacturers Life Insurance Company .	O
Strosberg has been partners with some of the most accomplished lawyers in Canada .	O
In 1995 , Strosberg as served the first Board chair of LPIC , the organization which eventually became LawPro .	I
He led the investigation into and proposed the solution to the Law Society of Upper Canada 's approximately $ 154 million insurance fund deficit .	O
He served as a member of the Board Directors of for Legal Aid Ontario ( 1999- 2002 ) .	I
Strosberg 's work as a civil litigator has been widely recognized in the form honorary of degrees and medals .	I
In 2002 the Law Society of Upper Canada awarded an him Honorary LLD .	I
Strosberg was awarded the Law Society Medal in 2010 .	O
Most recently , one year after he suffered the stroke , he was awarded the Ontario Bar Association Award of Excellence in Civil Litigation in 2011 .	O
His speech was delivered at the Fairmont Royal York Hotel .	O
Strosberg is to married Cathy Strosberg .	I
His first marriage ended in divorce .	O
had Strosberg three children with his first wife : Elaine , Sharon and Jay .	I
They all went on to become lawyers as well .	O
He is the nephew of Olympian Irving Meretsky .	O
Strosberg is currently editor the of the Canadian Class Action Review .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the road race at the 1964 Summer Olympics .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the Summer 1960 Olympics .	I
It was the third edition of the bowl game .	O
Stanford was led by head coach Bill Walsh , who was in the first year of his second stint as Stanford 's coach .	O
Head coach Joe Paterno was making his 23rd bowl game appearance in his year 27th at Penn State .	I
He retired from coaching for good in 1995 and died of leukemia in 2007 .	O
Tailback Milburn played eight NFL seasons and made the Pro Bowl twice .	O
Kırıt is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province , Turkey .	O
It is situated at in the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains .	O
Turkish state highway is to the east the of village .	I
Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is .	O
The population of Kırıt was 226 as of 2012 .	O
The 1931 – 32 season saw Rochdale compete in the Football League Third Division North where they finished in 21st position with 11 points .	O
Standings as of 21 March 2015 ( end of the season ) .	O
The mandir , one component of the complex , was inaugurated and opened to the public on August 10 2014 .	I
The mandir is built of hand-carved Italian carrara marble , Turkish limestone and Indian pink stone .	O
The mandir was constructed according to guidelines outlined in ancient Vedas , or Hindu scriptures .	O
In to addition the mandir , the complex includes a congregation hall .	I
Food that has been offered to the deities is considered sanctified .	O
These offerings holy are distributed to the devotees as prasadam .	I
Food is offered to the deities throughout day the .	I
mandir The was built in the Nagaradi style using 68,000 cubic feet of Italian Carrara marble .	I
The marble obtained from quarries in Europe was shipped to Rajasthan , India where hundreds of artisans carved the stones .	O
After the finished pieces of stone were assembled at workshops in India , engineers sequentially numbered the pieces , which were then packed and sent to Robbinsville .	O
Upon their arrival , the pieces were organized using the numbering system to facilitate the mandir ’ s construction .	O
The structure is 87 feet wide , 133 feet long and 42 feet high .	O
The entrance to the mandap , called the Mayur Dwar , contains carvings depicting peacocks , elephants , and celebrated Hindu devotees of past eras .	O
The mandir was constructed primarily through the of efforts volunteers .	I
After three years of construction , the mandir was officially opened to the public on August 10 , 2014 .	O
The opening was preceded by three days of Vedic rituals from August 8 to 10 .	O
The installation ceremony of the first marble pillar of the Akshardham Mahamandir took place on 4 September 2017 .	O
The two-day celebration was marked with tours of the complex and cultural programs with culminating the Vedic ceremony in the presence of Mahant Swami Maharaj .	I
The list encompasses the major honours won Fiorentina by and the records set by the players and the club .	I
It includes only results from seasons disputed in a single group round robin format .	O
Mondovisione the is eleventh studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Luciano Ligabue .	I
She took part in the 2009 Summer Universiade in Belgrade , where she was defeated in quarter-finals , but won the silver medal with Russia .	O
She claimed gold both in the individual and team events the of 2011 U23 European Championships in Kazan .	I
She joined the senior national team in 2013 .	O
She reached the final at the European Championships in Zagreb , but ceded to reigning Olympic champion Elisa Di Francisca and came away with a silver medal .	O
She earned a bronze medal in the 2013 Summer Universiade after losing the to semi-finals teammate Larisa Korobeynikova .	I
In the team event , Russia were defeated by France in the semi-finals , but prevailed over South Korea to earn the bronze medal .	O
The 2013 – 14 season was successful less .	I
In the event team , Russia cruised to the final where they met Italy , which had stayed unvanquished all season .	I
Russia unexpectedly took an early lead , but Italy managed to come back at the end , dooming Russia to a silver medal .	O
The Securities Law ( Amendment ) Ordinance was promulgated on 17 July 2013 , for then a second time in September 2013 .	I
It promulgated for a third on time 28 March 2014 .	I
The bills were introduced in the name of Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , but he himself was unable to attend the house .	O
The bill amended three pre-existing market laws related .	I
It the retained powers given to SEBI in the ordinance , but also introduced safeguards against misuse .	I
However , before such conducting searches SEBI must obtain a warrant from a Mumbai court .	I
Any unregistered scheme with a capital of more than a crore was deemed as a collective investment scheme , allowing SEBI to regulate it .	O
However , many came to SEBI 's attention after only complaints from defrauded investors .	I
minimum The penalty for securities related crimes was set at lakh .	I
SEBI was given the authority to initiate recovery and sale of assets .	O
SEBI has also been given power the to enhance a penalty or settle an ongoing legal proceeding .	I
Guidelines for special courts were also included in the bill .	O
He rode for his local Amateur team , Melling Wheelers and was coached by Eddie Soens .	O
He broke the British 25 Time mile Trial record in 1961 , finishing with a time of 55m 01s .	I
Kızılçukur is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province , Turkey .	O
It is situated in the southern slopes of the Mountains Toros .	I
Berdan River is to the west of the village .	O
Its distance to Tarsus is to and Mersin is .	I
The of population Kırıt was 329 as of 2012 .	I
Ming 's Antu infinite series expansion of trigonometric functions .	I
Ming Antu built geometrical models based on a major arc of a circle and the nth dissection of the major arc .	O
In the process , he discovered and applied numbers Catalan .	I
Figure 2 is Ming Antu 's model of a 2-segment chord .	O
Expansion coefficients of the numerators : 1,1,2,5,14,42,132 ... ( see Figure II Ming Antu original	O
BAE angle = α , BAC angle = 2α	O
Radii AB = AC = AD = AE = 1 .	O
by pure algebraic manipulation of infinite series .	O
Apparently segments ten can be considered as a composite 5 segment , with each segment in turn consist of two subsegments .	I
He computed the third and fifth power of infinite series formula _ 65 in above the equation , and obtained :	I
sustutde formula _ 67 into formula _ 68 , after manipulation with infinite series he obtained :	O
After obtained infinite the series for n = 2,3,5,10,100,1000,10000 segments , Ming Antu went on to handle the case when n approaches infinity .	I
Joseph McClean ( born 30 July 1935 ) is a British former cyclist .	I
General elections were held in Sint in Maarten 2003 .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He played college football at Montana and signed with the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2014 .	O
His average of 9.73 tackles a game ranked him 28th in the nation , and he was an honorable mention All-Big Sky Conference selection .	O
One of Coyle 's best games was he when started at Strongside linebacker against the Buffalo Bills .	I
Kocaköy is a small village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province , Turkey .	O
It is situated at in the Çukurova plains .	O
distance Its to Tarsus is and to Mersin is .	I
Sculpture Helmick is based in Newton , Massachusetts .	I
Midway Airport / Chicago , Illinois	O
This sculpture of a red cardinal is of made around 1,800 small sculptures of aircraft .	I
This is a sculpture of two tall heads facing each other across a courthouse atrium , each composed of around 1,500 small sculptures .	O
The design for this commission evolved in the wake of the acquittals of O. J. Simpson and the police who beat Rodney King .	O
Lady Lake Bird / Austin , Texas	I
It is installed at Auditorium Shores on Lady Bird Lake , where Vaughan performed many concerts .	O
Charles River Esplanade / Boston , Massachusetts	O
This is a large-scale sculptural bust of Arthur Fiedler , the late conductor of the Boston Pops Orchestra , formed from stacked aluminum plates .	O
Details the of 2014 All-Ireland Minor B Hurling Championship .	I
The championship began on 7 August 2014 .	O
Nobuhira Takanuki ( born 9 May 1938 ) is a former Japanese cyclist .	O
He competed the in team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	I
He was also known as Ajmone I , to distinguish him from his two brothers and teammates Alessandro and Annibale .	O
On 10 April 1910 he made his debut in the first team scoring the decisive goal in a 1-0 win over Andrea Doria .	O
11 On February 1912 he played his last match against Inter Milan , which ended in a 4-0 defeat .	I
Ntolonapemk , also known as the Eastern Company Surplus Superfund Site and Maine State Survey No .	I
96.02 , is a prehistoric archaeological site in Meddybemps , a small town in Washington County , Maine .	O
The site was listed on the National Register of Places Historic in 2001 .	I
is It located on the south shore of Meddybemps Lake , at its outlet into the Dennys River .	I
In the 1980s it was identified as Superfund a site , and cleanup began in 1998 .	I
The area was first identified by state archaeologists in 1967 , and underwent an in-depth excavations in 2000 and 2001 .	O
It is situated in at the southern slopes of the Toros Mountains .	I
Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is .	O
Its population was as 167 of 2012. as of 2012 .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
She is known for her minor roles in several of Martin Scorsese 's which films her husband Irwin Winkler produced .	I
They have toured extensively worldwide and three of their recordings have won BBC Music Magazine Awards .	O
They have recorded thirteen albums for the Harmonia Mundi label .	O
18 , and touring the United States , Australia , and several countries European .	I
In 2010 a performance London at 's Wigmore Hall which was being broadcast live on BBC Radio 3 was disrupted by multiple hecklers .	I
broadcast The had to be halted .	I
Haiger was born in Mülheim der an Ruhr .	I
He studied at the Technical University in	O
Munich , under professors Josef Bühlmann , Thiersch August and Friedrich von	I
The latter was his most important teacher who also promoted him .	O
younger years , Haiger was already successful a architect .	I
a Still student , he entered a	I
draft for the Leipzig Battle of Nations Monument which successfully reached the	O
working together until about 1903 .	O
As from 1905 he worked for the Munich	O
Vereinigte Werkstätten für Kunst im Handwerk ( United Workshops for in Arts	I
with Alexander Rudolf Schröder and Paul Ludwig Troost .	I
In the 1917 Bavarian king	I
awarded him the title of professor .	O
After 1933 , in the course of 's Hitler plans to redesign Munich , Haiger -	I
The large projects - theater and concert hall - were never built .	O
well as the city 's Guest House Rooms Representation .	I
In 1938 the Pavilion German	I
for the Biennale in Venice was reconstructed according to his drafts .	O
the war lived Haiger in Wiesbaden and designed there a few more smaller buildings ,	I
Haiger died in Wiesbaden on 15 March	O
One project , which he had propagated 1907 since , was that of a	I
monumental “ Symphonic House “ in the form of a temple for quasi cultic	O
performances of Beethoven 's symphonies , above all the ninth ( “ For all humanity , allembracing ,	O
mankind in celebrations of rejoice “ ) .	O
remain unseen , a subject which highly was discussed at that time ( and had already	I
been realized in the Bayreuth Festival Theatre ) .	O
The planned realization as a concert hall in	O
renewed attempt after the war , under the patronage of Hauptmann Gerhart , equally	I
1898 In his drafts for smaller country houses	I
Excentric drafts followed in the style of Art Nouveau with highly coloured façades ,	O
such as the well-known houses in Munich 's Schwabing area ( see below ) .	O
19th century architecture , which became characteristic for his later designs .	O
interventions - one finds elements of Troost 's new Neoclassicism ( fluted pillars ,	O
In 1917 the Bavarian king awarded him the title of professor .	O
The project has been designed by Atkins and Foster and Partners .	O
The is project set to be completed in 2020 .	I
In 2014 , the Lycée français de Bakou ( Baku French Lyceum ) located in White City was inaugurated by President Ilham Aliyev .	O
The groundbreaking ceremony Baku of White City took place in 24 December 2011 .	I
President Aliyev Ilham and his wife Mehriban Aliyeva have attended a groundbreaking ceremony of Baku White City project .	I
They also laid the foundation stone of Fountains Square park , a pedestrian passage and a public parking complex .	O
Baku White City Office Building offers Class A offices with a world-class specification .	O
Along with the building 's accessibility and a host of local amenities , the modernized offices will give occupants its a distinctive market presence .	I
Charles Hewett ( born September 24 , 1929 ) is a American former cyclist .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
It was written by Louis Biancaniello , Marley Munroe and Sam Watters and produced by the and Watters Biancaniello .	I
The song was digitally released by BMG Rights as the second single from album the on August 25 , 2014 .	I
On September 17 , 2014 , a music video for the song was released on Anastacia 's official YouTube account .	O
He joined the Metropolitan Police Service in 1947 .	O
Robert Pfarr ( July 24 , 1920 – October 15 , 2006 ) was an American cyclist .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at 1960 the Summer Olympics .	I
There were six crew on board , of which four perished and two survived with injuries .	O
The other four crew , including the pilot , were upon killed impact .	I
There was no damage to the airport runway or other facilities .	O
The committee presented a preliminary report that ruled out foul play as a cause of the accident .	O
The final report is due after analysis of the black boxes recovered the from wreckage .	I
Major Charles Beck Hornby DSO JP ( 7 February 1883 – 10 January 1949 ) was an officer in the British Army .	O
Hornby was born in Bangalore .	O
He served in the Second Boer War and was the regiment ’ s adjutant from January 1911 to January 1914 .	O
Two troops were dismounted in ambush , and two in reserve commanded by Hornby .	O
He was mentioned in dispatches twice , and awarded the Croix de guerre in 1917 .	O
He went on half-pay due to illness caused by wounds in 1917 July , and retired from the army in 1922 .	I
He survived the war , and served as a Justice of the Peace from 1924 , becoming vice-chairman of the bench of in magistrates Hexham .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He took part in men the 's team foil event of the 2012 Summer Olympics .	I
France were defeated in the quarter-finals by the United States and finished 8th .	O
At the time same , he attended the Düsseldorf Art Academy .	I
Hosemann with went him as Chief Illustrator for double his previous salary .	I
In 1857 , he was appointed a Professor at the Prussian Academy of and Arts became a full member in 1860 .	I
In 1910 , a street in the Pankow district of Berlin was named in his honor .	O
A large collection of his illustrations have been digitalized by the University and State Library Düsseldorf , including the collected works of E. T. A. Hoffmann :	O
During the season Arizona State scored 212 points and gave up 56 .	O
Despite Arizona 's State 's troubles in 1939 , they went undefeated in 1940 in Border Conference .	O
It was finally received on December 7 , accepted and the same day .	I
Snow in St. Louis forced the team to practice in the gymnasium , instead of on the field .	O
While in Fort Worth , the Cardinals were coached by TCU 's Sammy Baugh , a Washington teammate Redskins of Cardinals assistant coach Wayne Millner 's .	I
Both Baugh and Millner would eventually be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame .	O
The team was transported to and the from TCU stadium by members of the local Knights of Columbus .	I
In attendance was Governor John Miles E. of New Mexico , Lt .	I
Governor Coke Stevens of Texas , Congressman R.E .	O
The daughter of Governor Bob Jones of Arizona was the grand marshal of the parade .	O
The Executive Director of Carnival the was Dr. C.M .	I
Bergman coached at New Mexico State University from 1920 – 23 , and he called upon them to provide a co-ed to be CUA 's proxy princess .	O
The students of that school selected Mary Louise Armstrong .	O
From the Sun Court , Jean Miller from Christian College in Columbia , Missouri , chosen was queen .	I
Every seat to the game , more than 15,000 , was sold before it started .	O
The local press was focused on the two fullbacks , the leading scorers in their respective conferences .	O
While in town for the game , the Cardinals stayed at the Texas State School of Mines and Metallurgy .	O
With less than two minutes left in the game , Arizona State missed a field goal from their own 42 .	O
Governor Bob Jones of Arizona was in attendance .	O
Dream5 were a Japanese idol music performer group that debuted in 2009 .	O
Dream5 are the Japanese idol musical performer group , debuted in 2009 November .	I
After the final audition , 5 members become the member .	O
On March 2016 , Tamakawa announced she that will be leaving the group because of self-esteem issues .	I
On December 26 , the group announced that will disband at the end of 2016 .	O
The Stephen Condit House is a historic house located on Beverwyck Road in Parsippany , New Jersey .	O
It was added to the National Register Historic of Places on February 15 , 1974 .	I
This makes the application to easier understand , develop , test , and become more resilient to architecture erosion .	I
Microservices-based architectures enable continuous delivery and deployment .	O
Even though there is no official definition of what microservices are , a consensus view has evolved over time , in the industry .	O
Rather it is a self-contained piece of business function with clear interfaces , and may , through its own internal components , implement a layered architecture .	O
Martin Fowler describes a microservices-based architecture as having following the properties :	I
It is quite common for such an architectural style to be adopted for cloud-native applications , and applications using lightweight container deployment .	O
With microservices , only the Microservice supporting the function with resource constraints needs to be scaled out , thus providing resource and optimization cost benefits .	I
Juval Löwy had similar precursor ideas about classes being granular services , as the next evolution of Microsoft architecture .	O
Services can call services ( + multiple language run-times ) .	O
Microservices is a specialization of an implementation approach for service-oriented architectures ( SOA ) used to build flexible , independently deployable software systems .	O
Amazon 's policy is that the team implementing a microservice should be small enough that they can be fed by two-pizzas .	O
A linguistic approach to the development of microservices focuses on selecting a programming language that can easily represent a microservice as a single software artifact .	O
Computer microservices can be implemented in different programming and languages might use different infrastructures .	I
a In traditional system most technology choices like the programming language impact the whole systems .	I
Some of the complexity gets into translated operational complexity .	I
Other places where the complexity manifests itself is in the increased network traffic and resulting slower performance .	O
Born in Russia , he was brought to the United States by his parents at age 5 and grew up in Minnesota .	O
He received a medical degree from the University of Minnesota in 1911 .	O
He served as a medical officer in France in World War 1 , and later became a Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of Minnesota .	O
It inspired Dr. Frederick Banting 's research in diabetes , which led to the Nobel Prize winning discovery of insulin as a treatment for diabetes .	O
Dr. Moses Barron became Sinai Mount Hospital 's first Chief of Staff in Minneapolis , Minnesota in February 1951 .	I
It was the first non-sectarian private hospital in the community to accept members of minority races on its medical staff .	I
The hospital was located at Chicago Avenue at 22nd St .	O
In 1990 it merged with Metropolitan Medical Center to become Metropolitan-Mount Sinai ; in 1991 they closed their doors .	O
Brighton Beach Memoirs is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Saks Gene , written by Neil Simon , and starring Jonathan Silverman and Blythe Danner .	I
The film frequently breaks the fourth by wall having Eugene speak directly to the camera .	I
Maybe there was an earlier draft was that a little disorganized and unpolished , but still had the jumble of life in it ...	I
Monadh Mòr ( Scottish Gaelic : Big Hill ) is a mountain the in Cairngorms region of the Highlands of Scotland .	I
The first public library Wake in County , North Carolina , Olivia Raney Memorial Library , is named after her .	I
It features Piaa Bajpai , Shabeer Kallarakkal and Sruthi Hariharan in the leading roles .	O
The film , produced by A.V .	O
Anoop , released on 31 October 2014 .	O
Piaa Bajpai was signed on to play a leading role , while Sruthi Hariharan was selected to make her debut in Tamil films .	O
Lakshmy has proved that she can make a better commercial film that 's sensible and original .	O
And the way she handles her women characters shows why women filmmakers know how to handle their own kind perfectly .	O
Lakshmy Ramakrishnan has proved that she ’ s an intelligent director who can deliver across any genre successfully .	O
The characterisation is half baked and their motives are suspect , with an ending that looks compromised for the good feel factor .	I
Philip Holditch ( died c . 1608 ) , Totnes of and Blackawton , Devon , was an English merchant and politician .	I
He was elected Mayor of Totnes for 1598 – 9 and a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Totnes 1601 in .	I
He is a WBC former International Super Featherweight champion .	I
On December 6 , 2013 , Sermona won the WBC International Super Featherweight by title defeating Matt Garlett by fourth-round knockout .	I
It first aired on CBS on October 27 , 2011 .	O
He then goes to Sheldon , quotes who Freidrich Nietzsche .	I
Priya , however , admits she had sex with her ex-boyfriend .	O
He attempts to get revenge on Leonard by placing an airbag in his mailbox , but this backfires because Leonard turns it on him .	O
shakes Howard hands and then falls to the floor .	I
Sheldon then accidentally shocks himself while himself giving a face slap in frustration .	I
On the night of its first broadcast on October 27 , 2011 at 8 p.m. , the episode was watched by 14.54 million U.S. households .	O
In Canada , the episode aired on the same night on CTV Total and received 3.751 million viewers .	O
It was the most watched show that week .	O
In Australia , the show first aired on November 7 , 2011 at 8 p.m .	O
It was watched by 1.346 million , making it the second most watched episode that night and the sixth highest rated episode that week .	O
He is married and has children 2 .	I
He now resides in London , Ontario .	O
In 2007 , the helicopter he was piloting crashed into a field near Cambridge , Ontario and he now lives with quadriplegia .	O
He played hockey and golf he before was disabled .	I
Ideson married is and has 2 children , a nine-year-old daughter and a six-year-old son .	I
He went to the University of Western Ontario .	O
He was also a former Mustangs Cheerleader .	O
After graduating university , he became a helicopter pilot and was introduced to curling in 2010 at the age of 33 .	O
500 away metres , Daniel Hermann , an eight-year-old boy saw this and went to his mother to call 9-1-1 .	I
It elects one Member of Parliament by the first the past post system .	I
He is currently playing with HK SKP Poprad in the Slovak Extraliga ( Slovak ) .	O
Postnikov made his Kontinental Hockey League debut playing with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg during the 2013 – 14 KHL season .	O
Her family moved at the age of 12 to Santiago de los Caballeros where she was introduced to the modeling at world the age of 15 .	I
She is a graduate of two Bachelor 's Degree from Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre Maestra y , in Architecture and Fashion Designing .	I
Kimberly represented the Dominican Republic at Miss Universe 2014 , but failed to place between the semi-finalists .	O
He is currently playing with Yekaterinburg Avtomobilist of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .	I
Yegin made his Kontinental Hockey League debut playing with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg during the 2013 – 14 KHL season .	O
The film was dubbed into Telugu and Hindi with the same title .	O
The movie starts off with the story of how God created Adam and Eve .	O
Bala 's Vijay father Kumar ( Ravi Raghavendra ) does not approve of the marriage because of a history of mental illness in Priya 's family .	I
Her mother gone had mad after she was pregnant with Priya , and died giving birth to her .	I
The soundtrack composed was by Nivas K. Prasanna and it received positive reviews from critics .	I
Ras Shokeir Airport is an airport serving the Suez Gulf town of Ras Shokeir , Egypt .	O
He is currently playing with Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .	O
Zhuravlyov made his Kontinental Hockey League debut playing with Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg during the 2013 – 14 KHL season .	O
The races over were 16 laps .	I
Standings as of 22 March 2015 ( end of the season ) .	O
He was a partner of the Jardine , Matheson & Co. and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .	O
In 1897 , he appointed was member of the committee for the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria .	I
He was provisionally appointed to the Legislative Council of Hong Kong during the absence of T. H. Whitehead in 1900 .	O
Manwel Dimech Bridge is a beam bridge at San Ġiljan , Malta .	O
It is named after Manuel Dimech , and was officially inaugurated on 18 September 1971 by the Minister of Public Works , Sant Lorry .	I
The bridge is approximately 130m long and 32m wide , and spans over Għomor Wied .	I
tunnels The are named after Sun Yat-sen , and the bridge on the other side of the tunnels is named after Ġużè Ellul Mercer .	I
The bridge was restored thoroughly and reinforced in 2008 .	I
The following is a list of characters appeared that in 2015 , by order of first appearance .	I
All are characters introduced by series producer Stuart Blackburn .	I
The character and casting was announced on 21 December 2014 .	O
She arrives with her daughter Nancy ( Kate Fitzgerald ) and her granddaughter Arlene ( Alison Burrows ) .	O
The women initially mistake Jason Grimshaw ( Ryan Thomas ) for Kirk and are disappointed when Kirk does eventually turn up .	O
A few weeks later , Sinead is badly injured in a minibus crash and Agnes returns the to Street .	I
The character and casting was announced on 31 October 2014 .	O
Redmond was contracted for three-week a guest stint .	I
Hamish was introduced as a love interest for Michelle Connor ( Marsh Kym ) .	I
However , she and soon Hamish begin dating .	I
Leonard 's casting was announced on 18 November 2014 , the while character has previously been mentioned by her on-screen family members .	I
She will come Weatherfield to from Portugal to try and develop a relationship with her daughters , with whom she has not had contact in years .	I
Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy reported that it soon becomes clear Owen has not told Izzy Katy and the whole truth .	I
Linda 's presence will also test Owen 's relationship with Anna Windass ( Debbie Rush ) .	O
Owen is horrified when Linda arrives out of the blue from Portugal , where she has remarried and divorced again , to see her daughters .	O
She is shocked when Linda forces Owen to admit that this wasn 't true and that he said it in revenge for Linda having an affair .	O
Upset at the idea of leaving them when she returns to Portugal , Linda asks both her daughters to come to live her with there .	I
Gavin is Michael Rodwell 's ( Les Dennis ) real son , his friend Andy Carver ( Oliver Farnworth ) having pretended to be him .	O
Andy 's girlfriend Steph Britton ( Tisha Merry ) , the only person who knows his secret , goes to his flat and finds Gavin there .	O
He returned with Miley on 17 2017 March .	I
Jackson is confirmed as the father of Faye 's baby Miley , after she gives birth in an abandoned flat in April 2015 .	O
Faye is left stunned in March when 2017 she unexpectedly sees Jackson and Miley in hospital while being treated for an infected tattoo .	I
It transpires that Greig is in need of a special hip transplant , so the Hodges have returned to the UK him for to have the operation .	I
He later savagely beats Jackson up in the street , with Seb being arrested for assault later that night .	O
Faye is taken to hospital and gives birth to a daughter .	O
Faye and the baby come home from hospital after Faye is interviewed about the father .	O
Anna kicks out Jackson and his family after his mother is cruel about Faye .	O
Jackson apologizes to Faye for denying he that got her pregnant and Faye forgives him .	I
The teenage parents over argue Faye naming the baby Miley , as Jackson feels that Miley may be bullied at school for being named after a singer .	I
In the end , Miley is collected by Josie , as the Windasses share an emotional farewell .	O
However a year later , Faye decide to visit Miley after her adoptive was mother flamed up for Pat Phealan murders .	I
later She mentioned this to her that Josie finally allowed her to see Miley anything she wants .	I
They later decide to spend more time with her after Pat 's downfall death to .	I
Following the birth , Faye struggles to bond with Miley , she who names after pop singer Miley Cyrus .	I
The character and casting was announced on 24 February 2015 .	O
Moraghan began filming the week before his casting announcement and was for contracted a few months .	I
Adrian was introduced as a love interest for Eileen Grimshaw ( Sue Cleaver ) .	O
They met when Eileen tried internet dating .	O
The character and Hill 's casting was announced on 23 February 2015 .	O
Cathy was introduced as a potential love interest for Roy Cropper ( David Neilson ) .	O
He returns the to allotments and apologises to Cathy , and they realise they have a mutual connection as they are both widowed .	I
She does so , and is welcomed by the local residents .	O
She is at first reluctant due her to shy personality , however she is pleased by the support Roy and the local residents give her .	I
It is then revealed that Cathy is a hoarder , keeping all of Alan 's old belongings and unnecessary items such as ancient newspapers and milk bottles .	O
He eventually manages to show Cathy that the clutter was putting her in danger , but she reveals she cannot move back yet .	O
She is frustrated by the return of Nessa , and is angry when she teases to the residents about Roy sleepwalking into her bedroom .	O
However , after Roy suffers a panic attack in the Bistro , the wedding is called back on , delighting Cathy while worrying Roy .	O
She the enters church and calmly confronts Roy , asking the wedding guests to leave .	I
After proposing that they remain close friends , Cathy is crushed by Roy 's enthusiasm at the prospect of breaking them up .	I
The character and casting was announced on 7 May 2015 .	O
Paul was initially contracted for a few months , but his contract could be extended if he proves popular with viewers .	O
They later have sex and begin dating .	O
Harding was initially contracted for four episodes .	O
She is furious to discover that he has begun a relationship his with ex-wife Tracy Barlow ( Kate Ford ) behind her back .	I
While she 's angry and feisty , she 's also hurting .	O
Joni tracks down Robert at The Bistro and gets him to sign over the restaurant to her .	O
He appeared during a camping trip with Dobbs the and Tinker families .	I
She appeared on a camping trip her with father , Dougie ( Paddy McGuinness ) and the Dobbs and Tinker families .	I
She was also introduced as a love interest for Craig Tinker ( Colson Smith ) .	O
She returned on 5 October to visit Craig in the street .	O
The character and Ward 's casting was announced on 12 May 2015 .	O
He was initially contracted for year one .	I
It hasn still 't sunk in .	I
Shayne Ward , the lad from Manchester , given such a role on such an iconic show – it is an absolute dream come true .	O
I 'm excited to walk down those cobbles famous .	I
Aidan is called to the Street by Michelle , who explains that Carla business 's is in trouble .	I
then He offers to invest in her factory .	I
He has been involved in love a triangle between Eva and Maria Connor ( Samia Ghadie ) .	I
On 30 April 2018 , it was confirmed that Aidan would commit suicide , with his final scenes airing on 7 May 2018 .	O
The character and casting was announced on 11 2015 August .	I
Bairstow is the first actor with Downs ' Syndrome to hired be by the show .	I
He explains how his battery died on his mobile phone and he stayed with a friend called Jordan refuses but to elaborate further .	I
The character and Atherton 's casting was announced on 6 August 2015 .	O
He will cause trouble them for both during his time on the Street .	I
Andy notices that Steph is uneasy around Jamie , resulting in him believing that fancies Steph Jamie .	I
When Jamie decides he needs more money , he blackmails Luke again with the photographs of Steph , and he tells Andy .	O
Aidan tells Eva Price ( Catherine Tyldesley ) she 'll have to have an interview for the factory job .	O
The character and casting was announced on 20 July 2015 .	O
Kate is Aidan Connor 's ( Shayne Ward ) sister , who arrives with their father Johnny ( Richard Hawley ) .	O
The character and casting was announced July in 2015 .	I
He and Mary are taken with each other .	O
They agree meet to again .	I
Mary is thrilled , while Norris is irritated .	O
Brendan has Mary enthralled with tales of supernatural the .	I
Mary is disappointed but they agree they will meet again .	O
He 's suspicious when Brendan asks Mary to leave her mobile behind as it could interfere with the spirits .	O
Mary and Brendan hear various noises in the supposedly deserted hall and a door bursts open , scaring them witless .	O
It is Dev , who come has to check on them .	I
Mary is devastated that is Brendan married but puts on a brave face .	I
Ken 's daughter adoptive , Tracy ( Kate Ford ) , is not impressed by Nessa 's presence in the family and regularly insults her .	I
When she returns home , Ken is appalled by the way Nessa sees herself as the victim in the situation .	O
The character casting and was announced in August 2015 .	I
Kate is later shown to be apprehensive about Caz marrying , and confides in Sophie .	I
She then leaves to return to the army .	O
She is furious and sparks a vicious feud with Sophie , but is further angered when Kate confesses that she is not ready to marry her .	O
Luke Britton ( Dean Fagan ) later spots Caz threatening somebody over phone the , fuelling Sophie 's belief that she is faking .	I
She later overreacts when her is ankle hit by young Liam Connor Jr . ' s ( Charlie Wrenshall ) toy car .	I
She also hints at a with reconciliation Kate , before vanishing without a trace .	I
When Maria returns to her flat , she finds it has been over-turned , and so calls Aidan for help .	O
She calls the police , who bring a forensic team and confirm that the blood is Caz 's .	O
Watching Kate 's actions on the planted camera , Caz rushes to Maria 's flat to reconcile with a stunned Kate .	O
The police then arrive and arrest Caz , who stares furiously at Aidan and Kate before being taken away by the police .	O
Mahder Assefa ( born 5 October , 1987 ) is an Ethiopian actress .	I
She has been described as one of the country 's most famous actresses .	O
In her early age , Assefa moved to a different location which is also called Kera also located in Addis Ababa .	O
She was very shy and very polite person that no one even imagine .	O
This was going for on approximately two years till she starts her high school .	I
After that Assefa and 4 her friends created a dance group called UNIQUE GIRLS .	I
Three years have passed then Assefa graduated from Admas university college .	O
She birth gave to a girl in 2018 .	I
Then the director agreed and had to test her acting skill and decided that she is the perfect fit for the character he needed .	O
Different groups tried to organize award ceremonies in this art one for year and then disappear .	I
Currently there are a lot films produced in the country and the practice of awarding best performers will be in the future .	O
People need to know the artists through their films and interviews with the media .	O
Since 2012 , FM 102.1 is working on giving Awards for the Best Actor and Actress of the year in the Film Side .	O
Listeners were given many accesses to choose their film best and አምራን ( AMRAN ) was selected as best film of the year .	I
The registry number was 106440 .	O
From August 24 , 1891 to April 5 , 1892 , Baines used steamers to push scows loaded with stone from the quarry to the works .	O
Lockwood ( b.1858 ) Bandon of , Oregon .	I
For example , in 1901 July , Capt .	I
An election to Galway City Council took place on 10 June 1999 as part of that year 's Irish elections local .	I
15 councillors were elected from three electoral divisions by PR-STV voting a for five-year term of office .	I
The mall will be anchored by three department stores , a movie theater , a bookstore , and other retail shops and restaurants .	O
Hlavnice is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .	O
As of March 7 , 2006 , population the was 614 .	I
Budišovice is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region the of Czech Republic .	I
The air base shares some infrastructure with the adjacent Sphinx International Airport .	O
The Cairo West TACAN ( Ident : BLA ) is located on the field .	O
Murphy was born in Boston , Massachusetts .	O
She is a member of the Alliance ' 90 / The Greens , part of The Greens – European Free Alliance .	O
From 2011 to 2013 she was the spokesperson of the Federation of Young European Greens .	O
Reintke was born and raised in Gelsenkirchen .	O
The race is named after Dick Hern ( 1921 - 2002 ) , an English racehorse trainer .	O
The race was run first in 1999 and was awarded Listed status in 2002 .	I
Prior to 2011 it was run at Racecourse Bath .	I
It was introduced in 1910 by American biologists Samuel Cate Prescott and Robert Stanley Breed .	O
In case of delay in completion of the analysis a preservative that not alter the subsequent analytical result should be added to the milk .	O
Be made and extended 0.01 mL of 1 cm2 on fat-free slides ( which are cleaned with xylene ) .	I
100 mm , obtaining in this way the number of somatic cells milliliter per of milk .	I
It deals with the transactions that are related to debt not and covered under the Consolidated Fund of India .	I
Its executive director is Mary Meg McCarthy it and is headquartered in Chicago .	I
Letters from the editor by NIJC 's executive director have been published by the NYT and WSJ .	O
Marko Stanovčić ( ; born 9 May 1990 ) is a football Montenegrin defender who plays for Donji Srem .	I
Akselis Vairogs ( born November 8 , 1985 ) is a Latvian professional basketball player , who plays the shooting guard position .	O
He currently is playing for Valmiera / ORDO .	I
started Vairogs his career in Ventspils system playing for its farm-club Ventspils Augstskola .	I
On August 8 , 2014 , he re-signed a contract with Ventspils .	O
On August 10 , 2015 , he signed with Lithuanian club , BC Lietkabelis .	O
She has held the post of Chief Executive and Director of the Confucius Institutes worldwide since 2004 .	O
She is Director General of the Hanban , or Chinese National Office for Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language .	O
Xu Lin was born Shanxi in province .	I
She is a graduate of Fudan University in Shanghai with a degree in Chemistry and has a master 's degree in Economics from Beijing Normal University .	O
Subsequently , she worked in Finance the Department of the Ministry of Education of the People 's Republic of China .	I
Oberlin University in Japan , Chulalongkorn University in Thailand , Belarusian State University in Minsk , Belarus , and Veliko Tarnovo University in Bulgaria .	O
The reason for the censorship was apparently concern that the publicity independent for Taiwan institutions cast doubt on China 's claim to Taiwan .	I
The association protested in the strongest terms and reprinted all deleted the materials to distribute to all conference members .	I
The Taiwanese Chiang Ching-kuo Foundation for International Scholarly Exchange was another sponsor of the conference , as it has been for years 20 .	I
When the interviewer brought up the Braga incident , Xu Lin objected and later asked for large portions of the interview to be deleted .	O
The highest peak of the Čemernica is located at an altitude of 1.338 meters .	O
It is located south of Banja Luka , in the areas which connected municipalities the of Mrkonjić Grad , Skender Vakuf and Banja Luka .	I
It rich in high-quality forest resources , especially coniferous and mixed ( spruce - abies - beech ) woods , with Bosnian endemic quarry mammals .	O
Little now remains of original the town .	I
Marko Mitrušić ( ; born 16 December 1991 ) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian football defender plays who for Donji Srem .	I
He was the commander of the Police Regiment South , which perpetrated mass murder in the Holocaust in the Army Group South Rear Area .	O
In 1942 he became commander of the 18th Mountain Police Regiment .	O
He entered the Saxon state police force was and assigned to an officer course in Dresden .	I
He as worked a policeman in the cities of Plauen and Zwickau and worked as an instructor in a police school .	I
From 1933 to 1938 he was of chief police in Plauen .	I
Just prior to Operation Barbarossa , the invasion of the Soviet Union , Franz was appointed commander of Police Regiment South .	O
It was formed in June 1941 by combining Order Police Battalions 45 , 303 , and 314 .	O
The regiment was subordinated to Friedrich Jeckeln , the Higher and SS Police Leader ( HSS-PF ) for Army Group South in Ukraine .	I
The regiment began executing Jewish women and children in July 1941 .	O
Police Regiment 45 murdered the entire Jewish population of Shepetovka while stationed there between 26 July and 1 August .	O
During August , the regiment murdered Jews in Slavuta , Kowel and other areas , often killing hundreds of victims per battalion per day .	O
On 25 August , it murdered 1,153 Jews , while on 27 August , it killed 914 .	O
About 16,000 Jews were killed .	O
Battalion Police 303 participated in the massacre , as well .	I
In mid-May 1942 he assumed command of the forming 18th Mountain Police Regiment and remained in command until August 1943 .	O
From November 1943 to February 1945 he was Commander of the Order Police in Athens .	O
In September 1944 , for two months , he was promoted to the Higher SS and Police Leader Greece .	O
In Norway , he was captured by British troops .	O
From 25 September 1945 to 1947 he was a prisoner of war in British captivity .	O
First , starting 9 January 1946 , Island at Farm Special Camp 11 from Camp 1 on the outskirts of the town of Bridgend , South Wales .	I
Then he was transferred on 25 November 1947 to the Civil Internment Camp ( CIC ) at Adelheide , near Delmenhorst .	O
By December 1947 the British released him .	O
Also , a 46-episode series was produced by Toei and aired on NTV from October 6 , 1991 to 27 September , 1992 .	I
The collected editions for the revived serial resumed the numbering from the original series , starting with the 37th volume published on January 29 , 2010 .	O
As December of 4 , 2018 , 65 volumes were released .	I
His younger brother Peter served the in British Task Force .	I
Betts , a fourth generation Falkland Islander , was born to Cyril Betts and Mally Goss ran who the Victory Bar in Stanley .	I
At the age of fourteen Betts went to train as sheep shearer and later worked for LADE as an air-traffic controller at Stanley Airport .	O
Betts ' first wife , Candy , died in 1977 at the age of 26 .	O
The couple had one daughter , Dawn , born in 1969 .	O
Betts ' second marriage was to Rosita , a Chilean-Falkander , with whom he had two children .	O
Betts ' claim that he had supported Argentine sovereignty the over islands as early as 1976 is also disputed .	I
In 2007 Betts unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Córdoba .	O
In June Betts 2018 was delisted from the Argentine delegation to that year 's meeting of the United Nations Decolonisation Committee in New York .	I
John Mark Redmond ( known as Mark Redmond or J .	O
Mark Redmond ) is an Irish cardiothoracic surgeon and businessperson .	O
He has served as Medical of Director Beacon Medical Group and Beacon Hospital .	I
As a senior , he led the NCAA I Division in assists , averaging 8.14 per game .	I
Along with Curry , he helped guide the Wildcats to an NCAA Elite Eight appearance in 2008 .	O
He last played for the Utah Flash of the NBA Development League .	O
He officially ended his career on 19 January , 2010 .	I
He served as the video coordinator and director of analytics for the Pittsburgh Panthers 2013 from to 2017 .	I
It is about 8 km to the east from River Niger which feeds the famous Kainji Reservoir and 270 south km of Sokoto State .	I
This is a list of set films on or around St. Patrick 's Day .	I
Lirim Hajrullahu ( born April 24 , 1990 ) is a Canadian football placekicker for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .	O
He won the 2017 Grey Cup with the Argonauts .	O
Hajrullahu played football CIS at the University of Western Ontario and attended Governor Simcoe Secondary School in St. Catharines , Ontario .	I
He started playing football in grade 10 at Governor Simcoe Secondary School in St. Catharines , Ontario .	O
Hajrullahu was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on January 17 , 2014 .	O
He was the West Division nominee for the John Agro Special Teams Award in 2014 .	O
He became the first player to score points in the first regular-season CFL game at BMO Field on June 23 , 2016 .	O
Oddly enough , he scored the first CFL points for both a visiting team and the Argonauts .	O
Hamilton won the game , 40-23 .	O
On February 13 , 2018 , Hajrullahu signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats .	O
This is a list of beaches in Ecuador .	O
It was formed in 1998 through an amalgamation of the Lothian AFA & the Edinburgh AFA .	O
The Lothian & Edinburgh AFA is split into five divisions over four tiers - a Premier Division of 12 teams and Championship of 12 teams .	O
The league setup season for 2018 – 19 :	I
It merged with digi.me in August 2017 , a business in Europe that has the same business model of empowering people with their data .	O
The combined company is called digi.me .	O
In 2012 , TechHive named Personal as one of the top five apps or web services of SXSW .	O
Personal was included in list a of Executive Travel Magazine 's favorite travel apps for 2013 in its May / June issue .	I
All Personal apps and services linked were to a user 's private Data Vault .	I
The iOS Data Vault app was released on May 7 , 2012 .	O
The company also announced that a mobile version of the product will launch later in year the .	I
TeamData is now a separate business .	O
Adilson Vaz ( born 29 October 1988 ) , commonly known as Vaz , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for AD Fafe .	O
Redmi sales were attributed as a contributing factor toward this gain in shipment rankings .	O
The Redmi phone release in 2013 was first on announced Xiaomi 's website , with consumer sales beginning on July 12 , 2013 .	I
Additionally , Yulong and Lenovo both had a 12 % market share during this time .	O
Redmi sales were attributed as contributing to Xiaomi 's increased shipment rankings in the smartphone market .	O
The Redmi Note 3 launched on 24 November 2015 , its unlike predecessor , does not have a user-changeable battery or microSD slot .	I
It 's based on Mediatek Helio X10 Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 SOC with PowerVR G6200 GPU .	O
It has a 5.5-inch Full-HD display and a 13 MP rear camera and 5 MP front camera .	O
It runs on Android 5.1 Lollipop and is powered by a 4,100 mAh battery .	O
It has a polycarbonate body , dual-SIM support and runs on MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow .	O
It is an upgraded version of the previously released Redmi Note 4 based on the MediaTek Helio X20 chipset .	O
The EU release was set to January 2018 and prices were set to € 170 for the Redmi 5 and € 215 for the Redmi 5 Plus .	O
They are the first phones from Xiaomi to feature the face unlock .	O
However , Redmi Note 7 features a Samsung GM1 sensor and the Redmi Note 7 Pro features a Sony IMX586 48MP sensor .	O
This is a list of beaches in the United Kingdom .	O
It was added to the National of Register Historic Places on May 26 , 1988 .	I
The Crossroads Theater Company used the building until 1991 , when the company moved from King Block to Monument Square .	O
Sharbot Lake is a lake in the municipality of Central Frontenac , Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .	O
The eponymous community of Sharbot Lake is located the at centre of the north shore of the lake .	I
Sharbot Lake Provincial Park is named for , and is partly on the northwest shore of , the lake , but mostly envelops the neighbouring Black Lake .	O
Sharbot lake is named an after Indian Chief named Francis , who was Mohawk and his wife Algonquin .	I
ProjeQtOr is Open an Source project management software .	I
This software has changed its name in November 2013 .	O
It was formerly called Project 'Or RIA ( Project Organizer Rich Internet Application ) .	O
sources Project are available on SourceForge .	I
On editor 's website , change history shows of a major release about 2 every months since July 2010 .	I
ProjeQtOr is listed as well in AlternativeTo , among other valid alternatives .	O
Linospadix microcaryus a is species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .	I
It is found only in northeastern Queensland .	O
It is threatened by habitat loss .	O
He was introduced to rugby at Townsville Grammar School .	O
He played first grade club rugby as a teenager , helping the Burdekin win Canetoads the Townsville premiership in 1994 .	I
He was a member of the Queensland Reds Super Rugby squad in 2005 and 2006 .	O
McKellar was appointed as head coach the of Brumbies for the 2018 season following Stephen Larkham 's departure .	I
Pinacle Mount ( ) is a mountain located in Coaticook , Quebec Canada .	I
The mountain is exploited for its abundance of maples , with a sugar bush running along a portion of its trails .	O
In June 2014 , a 10-year-old child on a field trip went to the emergency department after surviving a 10-metre fall down a crevice on the mountain .	O
During the Pleistocene epoch , Fossil Lake and the surrounding basin were covered by an ancient lake .	O
Over time , the remains of many of these animals became fossilized in the lake sediments .	O
Some of these fossils are 2 million years old .	O
Fossil Lake is in located a remote area of northern Lake County , Oregon .	I
It is from the unincorporated community of Christmas Valley road by .	I
Fossil Lake is approximately southeast of Bend and north of Lakeview in straight-line distance .	O
Vehicles are not allowed in the Fossil Lake Area of Critical Environmental Concern , so visitors walk must the last to the Fossil Lake interpretive sign .	I
Fossil Lake itself is southwest of sign the .	I
The bedrock beneath the Fossil Lake area was created by basalt flows laid down during the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs .	O
basin This filled with water during the wet climatic periods of the Pleistocene and post-Pleistocene to a depth of .	I
The lakebed at Fossil Lake was formed during the post-Pleistocene period from lake sediments and materials alluvial .	I
In addition , the site name is now singular and only applies to the western dry-pond area .	O
Today , Fossil the Lake site is a dry lakebed above fossil-bearing deposits in the Christmas Valley basin .	I
are There large moving sand dunes east of the lakebed .	I
He noted that horse and bird fossils were plentiful particularly .	I
Whiteaker reported that fossils were scattered across a large swath of desert running from southwest to northeast .	O
He estimated that the fossil beds were wide and over long .	O
Later that year , Whiteaker 's son , J.C. Whiteaker , returned to Fossil Lake with professor Condon .	O
After the first site surveys in 1877 , numerous paleontologists have visited Fossil Lake to collect fossils and conduct research .	O
In 1901 , Annie M. Alexander Fossil visited Lake to collect fossils .	I
After 1906 , the number of homesteads in the Christmas Valley basin began to increase .	O
That was the year the Cliff post office closed was .	I
Additional fossil collection research and was conducted in the early 20th century .	I
In 1907 , David S. Jordan identified some the of fish fossils from the site .	I
also He corrected some misidentified mammal fossils found during previous expeditions .	I
In 1979 , the Bureau of Land made Management the vehicle ban permanent .	I
Collecting fossils in the Fossil Lake Area of Environmental Critical Concern without a permit from the Bureau of Land Management is prohibited .	I
The fossil-bearing at deposits Fossil Lake cover at least .	I
Over the years , there have been numerous expeditions to collect fossils at the Fossil Lake site .	O
Two-thirds of the fossil species collected at Fossil Lake extinct are .	I
The oldest fossils from the site date to back the Pleistocene epoch .	I
As a result , there is risk a that vehicles or grazing livestock may damage unprotected fossils .	I
When fossils are first exposed , they are often found as articulated skeletons .	O
The coldest months are December and January .	O
For example , there was an extremely severe throughout drought the 1920s and early 1930s .	I
Perennial flowering plants found in the Fossil Lake area include prickly-phlox , lemon scrufpea common wooly sunflower , and Townsend daisy , and spiny hopsage .	O
animal The population around Fossil Lake is typical of the high desert country of south-central Oregon .	I
There also 13 bat species that live in the desert around Fossil Lake .	O
Originally , it was thought that the bear might be a unique species , a lava bear .	O
There are a number of found reptiles in the Fossil Lake area , both snakes and lizards .	I
The Ayrshire Amateur Football Association is a football ( soccer ) league competition , for primarily amateur clubs in the Ayrshire region of Scotland .	I
The association was founded in 1935 , making it one of the oldest in the country .	O
The company was founded by husband and wife , Mark and Karen Carson , from the basement of their in home 2002 .	I
It is headquartered in Elkhorn , Nebraska a with distribution center located in nearby Omaha , Nebraska .	I
The company specializes in building toys , brainteasers , and multi-player games .	O
As of 2014 , the company had 46 full-time employees .	O
staff The expands to approximately 300 people during the holiday season .	I
His vibrant paintings and graphic artwork can be found throughout the lower Manhattan neighborhoods he loved to roam .	O
Scott also sang for a band called The Soul Winners , and another called The Edge , by founded Archer .	I
Back in New York , Scott formed a new band — Simon Scott and the Band of Infidels — which performed frequently throughout the city .	O
The company commercialises artificial intelligence powered natural language generation software .	O
In 2016 , Ventana research named Yseop 's software of one the most innovative in the US for the year 2016 .	I
Research and development for Yseop 's technology began more than 20 years ago with a team from the mathematical called lab ENS Cachan in France .	I
Yseop first commercialized its product as a middleware at the end of 2008 and opened up American its subsidiary in Dallas , Texas in 2012 .	I
was Yseop co-founded by Alain Kaeser and John Rauscher after he sold his start-up called Sunopsis to Oracle in 2006 .	I
He played college football at the University of Kentucky and attended West Potomac High School in Alexandria , Virginia .	O
He was a member the of Dallas Vigilantes , Philadelphia Soul and Arizona Cardinals .	I
after his career he works at lake ridge middle school as special a ed teacher	I
Johnson played for the Dallas Vigilantes of the Arena Football League ( AFL ) during the 2011 season .	O
Johnson was assigned the to Philadelphia Soul of the AFL on October 25 , 2011 .	I
Johnson was named Team First All-Arena in 2013 .	I
He was released by the Cardinals June on 9 , 2014 .	I
Johnson returned to the Philadelphia Soul on June 19 , 2014 .	O
Cryptantha humilis is a perennial plant in the Borage Family ( Boraginaceae ) .	O
It is commonly called low cryptantha .	O
It has small , densely leafy stems , giving it a cushion-like appearance , and relatively is low growing , hence the common name .	I
Hairy are leaves spoon shaped .	I
Ignite the Night is third the studio album from Chase Rice .	I
It is Rice 's major-label debut album .	O
It was released on August 19 , 2014 via Dack Janiels and Columbia Nashville .	O
As of November 2015 , the album has sold 305,300 copies in U.S the .	I
In Canada , the album debuted at number seven on the Albums Canadian Chart , selling 2,600 copies in its first week .	I
They claim to concentrate on social , economic , and racial justice for low-income immigrants .	O
They have offices in Washington , D.C. ( the capital of the United States ) , as well as in Los Angeles and Oakland , California .	O
Unlike the National Immigrant Justice Center , they do not provide or facilitate direct legal representation to immigrants .	O
Their activities include publishing information on immigration reform legislation , immigration enforcement , workers ' rights , education , driver 's licenses , taxes , and litigation .	O
nubigena Cryptantha is a perennial plant in the Borage Family ( Boraginaceae ) .	I
Hairy leaves are shaped spoon .	I
It is commonly called Cryptantha Subalpine .	I
It is found in the north and central United States Sierra Nevada range .	O
Eyyub Yaqubov ( , born April 26 , 1965 , Baku , Azerbaijan SSR , USSR ) is a popular Azerbaijani singer .	O
Frank Frangie is American an sports announcer who works as an afternoon drive talk show host on 1010XL / 92.5 FM radio stations in Jacksonville , FL .	I
He is the radio play-by-play voice of the Jacksonville Jaguars NFL football team .	O
Frank Frankie was a cohost on WQIK AM 1320 with Scott Richards .	O
He remained with paper the until March , 1993 .	I
He stayed with 930 AM until July , 2002 , when he moved to AM1460 ( WZNZ ) working Brady with Ackerman .	I
That position was ensured when the station became the flagship station of the NFL ’ s Jacksonville Jaguars in spring of 2014 .	O
He worked alongside color analyst Gino Torretta , the 1992 Heisman Trophy winner and the founder of Touchdown Radio .	O
He worked as the primary Touchdown Radio play-by-play voice until May , 2014 , when he was named the radio play-by-play voice of the Jacksonville Jaguars .	O
The organization was founded in 1885 when Emperor Alexander III decreed that the Geological Survey of Finland ( Suomen geologinen tutkimus ) be established .	O
The agency is divided into 4 regional offices based in the cities listed below :	O
Charles Duryee Traphagen ( July 13 , 1862 - March 25 , 1947 ) the was publisher of the Nebraska State Journal in Lincoln , Nebraska .	I
He a had son , Charles Vance Traphagen .	I
He served on the board of the Nebraska State Journal from 1905 to 1907 .	O
Louis Ernest Meinertzhagen ( 18 September 1887 – 9 November 1941 ) was a British philatelist who signed Roll the of Distinguished Philatelists in 1932 .	I
Tricholomella a is fungal genus in the family Lyophyllaceae .	I
Zerova 's original publication was invalid , and it was later republished validly by Kuulo Kalamees in 1992 .	O
The fungus is found in Asia and Europe .	O
For many groups , calculating irreducible values character is very difficult ; the existence of simple formulas is the exception rather than the rule .	I
The Murnaghan Nakayama – rule is a combinatorial rule for computing symmetric group character values χ using a particular kind of Young tableaux .	I
The partitions represented are as weakly decreasing tuples ; for example , two of the partitions of 8 are ( 5,2,1 ) and ( 3,3,1,1 ) .	I
There are two versions of the Murnaghan-Nakayama rule , one non-recursive and one recursive .	O
In case this , there are no terms in the sum and therefore the character value is zero .	I
and the value character is therefore	I
The notation formula _ 12 represents the partition that results from removing the first element ρ from ρ .	O
Applying rule this recursively will result in a tree of character value evaluations for smaller and smaller partitions .	I
Applying the rule again to terms both , one finds	I
reducing to a value character of S .	I
reducing to the only character value of S .	O
Working backwards from this known character , the result is formula _ 20 , as before .	O
In his spare time he was a noted philatelist .	O
He became a midshipman on in 1888 and later that same year joined at Bermuda .	O
He retired in 1910 but was recalled to active service on the outbreak of the First World War .	O
He was involved with the landing of the naval division Dunkirk at and the evacuation of Ostend for which he was mentioned in dispatches .	I
His philatelic were interests broad but he was a particular expert on the stamps of the Australian States and New Zealand .	I
He elected was to the Royal Philatelic Society London in June 1918 and was a member of their Expert Committee .	I
He was convenor of the Queensland Reference Committee List who were charged with reporting on the papers , perforations and plates of that territory .	I
He was buried at Morden Cemetery on 19 October and was survived by his wife .	O
Qurd is a studio album the by Dayirman .	I
One of the most noticeable changes is the lighter generally lyrical content .	I
CTF 75 is permanently headquartered at Camp Covington , Guam .	O
following The is a list of detachments under CTF 75 operational control :	I
The Seventh Fleet 's flagship used to be frequently cruiser a .	I
He college played football at Ball State .	I
He helped team to an 8 – 4 record and was named all-state his senior year .	O
He also helped the team advance to the sectional finals as a junior and senior .	O
He passed for 2,459 yards 20 and touchdowns while rushing for 1,724 yards and 28 touchdowns as a senior .	I
Smith played baseball the for Rebels , recording a .429 batting average his senior year .	I
Smith played for the Ball State Cardinals of State Ball University from 2010 to 2013 .	I
He was redshirted in 2009 .	O
Smith was signed by the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) on May 29 , 2014 .	O
was He released by the Redblacks on June 19 , 2015 .	I
Smith signed with the Georgia Firebirds of the National Arena League ( NAL ) on June 1 , 2017 .	O
He played in 3 games for the Firebirds in 2017 , catching 8 passes for 70 yards and touchdown 1 .	I
He signed with the Edmonton on Eskimos August 20 , 2017 .	I
The 22nd Awit Awards were held on December 7 , 2009 at the Filoil Flying V Arena , San Juan .	O
They were followed by Bamboo and Itchyworms with six nods .	O
The awards show was broadcast live through Ustream , an online video streaming service .	O
A two-hour concert was held right after the ceremony awards .	I
Winners listed are first and highlighted in bold .	I
Nominated producers , composers and lyricists are not included in this list , unless noted .	O
Carry on the Grudge is the third album by Londoner singer-songwriter Jamie T , released on September 29 2014 through Virgin Records and Epitaph Records .	I
In 1953 Greenland 's colonial ended status with the establishment of the 1953 Danish constitution .	I
law The came into effect on 1 May 1979 .	I
The men 's individual épée competition at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan was held on 29 September at the Gangseo Gymnasium .	O
Since 2001 , Colonel Dr. Michael Schramm has held this position .	O
The individual bands may be subject to military divisions or regional commands as well .	O
There are four joint service bands in the Bundeswehr that are part of the Armed Forces Office , component a of the Joint Support Service .	I
There also are two bands associated with military districts , which used to be Army bands .	O
In addition the to professional Army bands , there are several amateur marching bands made up of reservists .	I
He demanded at least one band be formed during the Bundeswehr first 's year of existence ; and , indeed , six bands were formed .	I
These serve as the link of the armed forces to the years long of the German military music tradition .	I
The enlisted personnel of Bundeswehr bands are drawn from those who initially volunteer for two years of service in the Bundeswehr ( and formerly conscripts ) .	O
Le Pinacle may refer to :	O
South West 9 is a 2001 British film about the Brixton rave scene .	O
It was written and directed by Richard Parry .	O
Bahrain at competed the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics , in Nanjing , China from 16 August to 28 August 2014 .	I
A Quinnipiac alumnus , Delaney played minor league baseball in the Milwaukee Brewers system before starting his coaching career .	O
He was named an all-Northeast Conference player each year .	O
He played independent league baseball in 2010 before retiring .	O
He began his coaching career as an assistant at Heart Sacred in 2011 under head coach Nick Giaquinto .	I
It was the Bobcats ' highest regular-season finish since sharing the regular-season NEC title in 2007 .	I
The team placed a league-high five players on the all-MAAC First Team .	O
Barbados competed at 2014 the Summer Youth Olympics , in Nanjing , China from 16 August to 28 August 2014 .	I
Born in Glasgow , Scotland with Irish roots , his first group , named Fingerprintz , recorded three albums from 1977 to 1981 .	O
A skilled composer , he has also written songs for artists such as Lene Lovitch , Paul Young , Rachel Sweet and Manfred Mann .	O
He sings also in French .	I
In 2010 , he formed a new group : The Honkytonk Hicks .	O
A self-produced album released was in April 2011 .	I
He is also a painter and , being a multi-linguist , has lived in Rennes for some time .	O
Previously married to Deirdre Reid .	O
He is best known as of co-founder technology start-up Gravity and as the former chief operating officer at MySpace .	I
He then graduated with bachelor a 's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University .	I
He was named chief operating of officer the company in January 2008 .	I
They raised $ 10 million in Series A funding in May 2009 and another $ 10.6 million in Series B funding in October 2012 .	O
Gravity was acquired by AOL in January 2014 .	O
He Luther attended Burbank High School in Sacramento , California .	I
He first enrolled at the College of San Mateo before to transferring Arizona State University .	I
He has been a member of the Arizona Cardinals and Ottawa Redblacks .	O
Elder was signed by the Arizona Cardinals on May 14 , 2012 .	O
He released was by the Cardinals on August 24 , 2012 .	I
He was released by the Redblacks on February 23 , 2015 .	O
It was also their last release before they entered a hiatus period in 1993 that would last until 1995 .	O
Beginning this with album , Violeta de Outono abandons their post-punk influences and gradually shift towards a more progressive-influenced sonority .	I
In 1866 he opened the Saratoga Clubhouse downtown , offering high-stakes gambling for the town 's fashionable visitors .	O
The clubhouse was later bought by Richard Canfield and was expanded today to 's Canfield Casino .	I
One was such Louis J .	I
Meadowbrook ] and ( 3 ) Smith 's Interlaken .	O
The clubs were open mostly in the summer from June until the close of the month-long Saratoga Race Meeting around the end of August .	O
Off-duty police often worked security at the clubs , and police were frequently called to accompany transfers of money from the clubs to the bank .	O
County Democratic chairman and former Saratoga Springs Public Safety Commissioner Arthur Leonard was indicted for conspiracy and bribery .	O
Rothstein is better known for fixing the 1919 World Series in the so-called Black Sox Scandal .	O
In 1925 Evans bought Rothstein 's share of the club .	O
The Brook Club burned 1934 in .	I
The Arrowhead was located on Arrowhead Road , off Crescent Avenue , near Lake Saratoga .	I
It closed in 1949 and burned September 1969 .	O
John and Gerald King started Newman 's House Lake on Crescent Avenue on the site of a converted inn with a dining room that could seat 500 .	I
Newman 's was renamed McGarrigle 's in 1968 .	O
Also as The College Inn in 1969 , 1970 , it was a great place to party .	O
Piping The Rock burned in 1954 under suspicious circumstances .	I
Riley 's was located on south the shore of Lake Lonely .	I
It was originally opened 1886 in by James H. Riley , noted as a champion rower .	I
In 1923 was it sold to Matthew J .	I
It went out of business and was auctioned off in August 1940 and burned in 1970 .	O
The Committee hearings forced Saratoga Springs ' city government to finally take action .	O
The end of gambling spelled the end for the lake houses .	O
The newspaper focuses primarily on football , in particular the day-to-day activities of Azerbaijan Premier League clubs .	O
On 13 August 2014 , the newspaper ceased publication due financial difficulties .	O
It is part a of the Redmi series of smartphones , And it is the First product of Redmi series .	I
Noted for its low price , Redmi 1 was extremely an popular and a demanded smartphone .	I
The device is also equipped with 1 GB RAM and 4 GB storage internal , supporting microSD expansion up to 64 GB .	I
The rear of the smartphone features a plastic plain surface with a brushed metal Xiaomi logo at the center-bottom of the rear cover .	I
The smartphone is shipped with a 1,000 mA AC power charger , for charging its 2000 / 2,050 mAh ( min / typ ) battery .	O
The Xiaomi Redmi 1S was announced in May 2014 .	O
Noted for its low price ( in India ) , the Redmi 1S was an extremely popular and a demanded smartphone .	O
The device is also equipped with 1 GB and RAM 8 GB internal storage , supporting microSD expansion up to 64 GB .	I
The rear of the smartphone features a plain plastic surface with a brushed metal Xiaomi logo at the center-bottom of the rear cover .	O
The Xiaomi Redmi 2 was announced January in 2015 .	I
In 2012 , the club celebrated its year 15th since its launch .	I
The men 's team épée competition at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan , South Korea was held on 2 October 2002 at the Gangseo Gymnasium .	O
South Korean team ( Kim Jeong-gwan , Ku Kyo-dong , Lee Sang-yup and Yang Roy-sung ) won the bronze medal .	O
Kevin Kwan Loucks , D.M.A. , E.M.B.A .	O
He currently is Director of Innovation and Program Development at Music Academy of the West in Santa Barbara , California .	I
He is Co-Founder of Chamber Music | OC and is a founding member of the award-winning piano trio Trio Céleste .	O
He finished his executive education at Stanford Graduate School of Business where he studied marketing and innovation , brand management , and digital marketing strategy .	O
In 2004 Loucks met concert violinist and future wife Iryna Krechkovsky at a music festival in Italy where the two were scheduled to together perform .	I
The album , released on the Navona label , debuted at No .	O
In 2011 Loucks was selected as Artist-in-Residence at the Orange County Great Park in Irvine , California .	O
It was through the success of this residency that then Mayor of Irvine , Sukhee Kang , convinced Loucks and Krechkovsky to move to Irvine , California .	O
The Education division of Chamber Music | OC is anchored by the Young Artist Program , the only full-scholarship program of kind its in the country .	I
Select members and alumni from the Young Artist Program appeared in Carnegie Hall in April 2017 .	O
The Community Outreach Division of Chamber Music | OC aspires to make the benefits of music widely accessible through collaborations with local schools and community organizations .	O
Partnering organizations include the Irvine Adult Day Health Services , Human Options , and the Orange County Children Therapeutic 's Art Center .	I
The Community Outreach division is directed by Michelle Gasworth .	O
He is an avid outdoorsman having earned his Eagle Scout in 2000 , and is also an active day trader .	O
He played college football at the University of South Florida and attended Hillsborough High School in Tampa , Florida .	O
He played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League .	O
He earned First Team All-Big East and Big East Special Teams Player the of Year honors in 2010 .	I
Lamar was signed by the Tiger-Cats Hamilton on May 29 , 2013 .	I
He was released by the on Tiger-Cats September 10 , 2014 .	I
Notable people this with surname include :	I
Tony Collard ( born 28 July 1961 ) is a Dutch former professional ice player hockey .	I
During this period he also skated in five games with EV Zug the in Swiss National League A .	I
The monument was built by New England Granite Works using Concord , New Hampshire , granite and bronze .	O
The total cost was $ 50,000 , and it was shipped before June 4 , 1899 .	O
It was unveiled on April 22 , 1900 .	O
The monument is made mostly of light gray granite with a bronze statue and bronze reliefs .	O
It is high including the statue of Victory .	O
At the base of the column is a bronze relief of Sam Houston flanked by representations of peace and war .	O
Underneath Houston are the reliefs of five men : Henry Smith , Edward Burleson , Benjamin Milam , James Fannin and James Bonham .	O
At her feet are the names of heroes who did not have photos that could be authenticated : Neill , Hockley , Karnes and de Zavalla .	O
is Below a bas relief commemorating the fall of the Alamo .	I
Keel Square is a public space and boulevard based in Sunderland , Tyne & Wear , completed 2015 in .	I
The total cost of the project amounts to £ 11.8 million .	O
Keel Square was designed by Sunderland City Council ’ s in-house multi-disciplinary team led by Principal Landscape Kevin Architect Johnson .	I
Thus to build upon such , the square was constructed predominantly out of sandstone , granite and bronze .	O
Additionally , the council were further criticised over project the for spending £ 180,000 on imported trees from the Netherlands to place in the corresponding boulevard .	I
Dr. Samuel Dwight Rice ( 1815 - 1884 ) , was a progressive Methodist Minister who had founded a college for women in Hamilton .	O
Comfort Starr , a founding Fellow of Harvard College , and a cousin fifth , twice removed , to art historian Eliza Allen Starr .	I
She there began to explore the Canadian Rockies , and took up mountaineering , mainly in the Cascade Mountains .	O
after Soon Rice moved to The Pas , there was word of gold being discovered north on Beaver Lake .	I
She then travelled further north by canoe to Brochet begin to prospecting .	I
She wrote several articles in scientific journals about meteorological and astronomical observations she had in made her travels through Canada ’ s north .	I
Penniless in the end , she was buried in an unmarked grave .	O
The island upon which Rice lived on Wekusko Lake was officially recognized as Rice Island in 1946 .	O
The Canadian Mining Hall of Fame inducted Kate Rice in 2013 .	O
Cervelli is an Italian surname .	O
She is the second ship to be named for Manchester , New Hampshire .	O
She was commissioned 26 on May 2018 .	I
Reverend William Hartley Carnegie ( 27 February 1859 – 18 October 1936 ) a Canon of Westminster starting in 1913 .	O
He was Sub-Dean the of Westminster from 1919 until his death .	I
He was the Rector of St Margaret 's , Westminster from 1913 to 1936 .	O
Carnegie was on born 27 February 1859 in County Dublin , Ireland to Robert Carnegie .	I
He was Rector of Great Witley , Worcestershire .	O
He was the Sub-Dean of Westminster from to 1919 his death .	I
He died on 18 1936 October .	I
His ashes interred were in the nave of Westminster Abbey .	I
The couple had five daughters , Frances , Mary Albinia , Kathleen , Jocosa , and Rachel Elizabeth .	O
re-married He Mary Endicott in 1916 .	I
Norwegian Toppserien LSK club Kvinner FK .	I
Kemppi made her debut for the Finland 's women national team in September 2013 against Kazakhstan .	I
On 18 August 2018 she signed with Bristol City in the FA Women 's Super League .	O
During the course of the operation the Macedonian troops were able to recapture the village of Matejce from the insurgents .	O
Additionally the villages of Vaksince and Slupcane , were severely damaged by artillery bombardments and helicopter attacks .	O
These villages were recaptured also by members of the security forces .	I
Insurgency the in Republic of Macedonia	I
Rock White is an unincorporated community in the town of Gorham , Maine , in the United States .	I
It formerly had a school , called White Rock Elementary , until it closed in 2011 with the coming of Great Falls Elementary on Route 237 .	O
White Rock was named for a large white boulder that once stood in front of the current church .	O
The book is introduced by Japanese TV programs in many times .	O
More than 200 titles are published .	O
Their books are able to classify of three types ; number lists , avant-garde books and descriptions scientific .	I
types Many of mathematical constants are provided online .	I
Over ten other members write books and sell their books in the Comiket .	O
In 2014 , it was listed one as of the most recognised brands in the country .	I
The company was founded on 8 January 2011 after country loosened its 13-year ban on gambling .	O
In 2014 , company opened its 500th betting office .	O
San Antonio , officially known Barangay as San Antonio , is the largest barangay in the city of San Pedro , Laguna , Philippines .	I
With a land area of 780 hectares , San Antonio is Laguna 's gateway to Metro Manila .	O
As of the 2010 census , the of population the barangay was 47,825 .	I
San Antonio is the location of large factories in the city .	O
It is also one of the richest barangays of San Pedro .	O
The barangay is divided into two parts : the San Antonio Barangay Proper and Upper San Antonio .	O
Antonio San Main Streets are :	I
The some of the high class villages and subdivision in the city is at San Antonio .	O
Most of the villages and subdivision in the barangay are at the upper San Antonio .	O
Here are the list of Subdivision :	O
He played 13 matches the for All Blacks including three internationals .	I
Hypericum gramineum , commonly known as small St. John 's wort or grassy St. Johnswort , is species of flowering plant in the Johns St. wort family .	I
It is found in parts of Southeast Asia , Oceania , the and Pacific .	I
flowers Its are 5 – 12 mm in diameter .	I
It is found in every state and territory of Australia .	O
Lawrence first enrolled at the University of Alabama before to transferring the University of Southern Mississippi and lastly arriving at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College .	I
He attended George High County School in Lucedale , Mississippi .	I
He transferred to the University of Southern the Mississippi next season but did not play .	I
He later played two years at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College and was a NJCAA All-American in 2011 .	O
Lawrence was signed by the Detroit Lions April on 30 , 2012 .	I
He was released by the Lions on June 22 , 2012 .	O
Lawrence signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders on August 27 , 2012 and spent the 2012 season on the Roughriders ' practice squad .	O
Lawrence was signed by the Toronto Arognauts on 29 May , 2013 .	I
He was named Defensive Player of the for Week Week Seven of the 2013 season .	I
Lawrence was signed by the Edmonton on Eskimos July 14 , 2014 .	I
He was released by the Eskimos on June 13 , 2015 .	O
The album was released on August 28 , 2012 by Suburban Noize Records and Battle Axe Records .	O
He trained and worked under or with Evaristo Baschenis , painting the same subject matter .	O
Works can be seen in Ringling Museum of Art , National of Gallery Slovenia , and Gallery of the Accademia Carrara in Bergamo .	I
Better Off Without may You refer to	I
Cotton was born in Newport , Rhode Island July on 22 , 1875 .	I
In 1915 , he went to Washington to work as a federal attorney for the Alaskan Railway Commission .	O
Cotton was admitted at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore from an infection of the spinal cord where surgeons removed a tumor from his spine .	O
He underwent two major operations and succumbed to complications from infections on March 10 , 1931 .	O
plant The is distributed in several subregions , including Barrington , Karuah Manning , Mummel Escarpment , Wyong , and Yengro .	I
The species has been classed as endangered by the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act .	O
A gland occurs between the lower to one four pair of leaflets .	I
Flowers sprout during springs and summer .	O
Pallis is believed to be the first mechanical engineer to examine the Wright Brothers artifacts at the Franklin Institute .	O
The column featured tennis science , engineering , and technology .	O
Murarka College , Sultanganj is on the bank of Uttarbahini Ganga , the pious land Saint of Jahanu .	I
It is a constituent unit of T.M.B.U .	O
Bhagalpur and accredited by UGC NAAC .	O
The college was established on 23 February 1955 by the Murarka families .	O
On 12 July 1960 the college was included under Bhagalpur at University present T.M.B.U. , Bhagalpur .	I
Apart from football , Montiel vlogs on his YouTube channel Werevertumorro named after a blogger called Lucia .	O
He made his debut during the Apertura 2007 season , August 18 , 2007 in a 3-0 against defeat Real Olmec Sport .	I
He scored his first goal on September 19 , 2007 against Tolcayuca in a 1-0 win for Águilas .	O
He made a second goal October 10 , 2007 against Real Halcones , the match ended a in 2-2 draw .	I
Recently detained on charges of trafficking white girls under the age of 8 in acapulco mexico by PGR the	I
William Milligan ( 1821 1892 – ) was a Scottish theologian .	I
William Milligan may also refer to :	O
In response to the United States arms embargo of 1992 , Iran turned toward domestically engineered- and produced-weapon systems .	O
It has maximun the range of 25 km .	I
He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the seventh round of the 2013 CFL Draft .	O
He played CIS football at Saint Mary 's University and attended Cobequid Educational in Centre Truro , Nova Scotia .	I
Lauther was re-signed by the Tiger-Cats on 8 January , 2014 where he spent the entire season on the practice roster behind incumbent , Justin Medlock .	I
He was released on 8 October , 2015 .	I
On October 14 , 2015 , Lauther was added to the practice roster of the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL .	O
He was released by the team on October 19 , 2015 .	O
On August 29 , 2017 , Lauther was signed to the practice of roster the Saskatchewan Roughriders .	I
On September 25 , 2017 , Lauther was signed by the Edmonton Eskimos in response to Sean Whyte 's injury .	O
He also had the successful longest field goal that year which was made from 56 yards out .	I
Putatively born in to Parma a painter Pietro de Maineri .	I
He worked in Ferrara for ruling the Este family .	I
His style recales that of the contemporary Ercole de ' Roberti .	O
David Gosset ( born May 23 , 1970 ) is a global affairs analyst , expert in international relations and sinologist .	O
David Gosset was born in Paris and mainly educated at the Sorbonne University in France .	O
He is known in China as 高大伟 ( pinyin : GAO DAWEI ) .	O
The 9th Euro-China Forum was organized with the UNESCO .	O
September In 2015 he received the Friendship Award from the Tianjin Municipality .	I
Kharagdiha is a village in Giridih district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .	O
It had been known as Curruckdea or Curruckdeah during the British Raj .	O
Kharagdiha The gadis were semi-independent chiefdoms .	I
All that the ruler of the Gadi had to on do succession was to acknowledge the supremacy of the Kharagdiha Maharaja .	I
the During British Raj Kharagdiha became a part of Jungle Terry .	I
The Gadis of Kharagdiha were permanently settled and they became estates Zamindari .	I
The rulers of kharagdiha were separately settled the zamindari estate of Raj in Dhanwar 1809 .	I
Subsequent to the Kol uprising in 1831 that , did not seriously affect Hazaribag , however , the administrative structure of the territory was changed .	O
In 1855-56 there was the great uprising of the Santhals the against British but was brutally suppressed .	I
The Langta Baba Sthal Samadhi is located in Kharagdiha , about 30 km North West of the town on road towards Jamua .	I
Langta Baba is revered both by the and Hindus the Muslims alike .	I
People offer chadar to his samadhi as a ritual , and it is believed the wish made here a by true devotee always get fulfilled .	I
At above sea level , it is the 102nd mountain highest in the world .	I
The peak is located in Tibet , China about northeast of Mount Everest .	O
Pre-auditions began October in 2014 .	I
The contestants were split into the show 's four traditional categories : Boys , Girls , Over 25s Groups and .	I
As well as being broadcast on TV3 , the full series was also streamed live on TV3 's website .	O
The live shows were simulcast More on FM .	I
The series was again hosted by Dominic Bowden .	O
Broadcast funding agency NZ On Air contributed $ 800,000 as a minority investor , for the production of 41 episodes of 60 minutes each duration .	I
In September , two of the from judges the first series , Stan Walker and Melanie Blatt , were confirmed to return as judges .	I
In October the final two judges were confirmed as New Zealand-born singer Willy Moon and his wife , English singer Natalia Kills .	O
In August 2014 , Dominic Bowden was confirmed return to as the host of the second series .	I
The first appeal for applicants was made on 24 August 2014 , with the announcement of the process application and pre-audition tour details .	I
Stuss featured as Cassie Henderson 's backing band in week eight of the first series ' live shows .	O
From here they were reduced down to a top 64 and were introduced to their category judge .	O
In the six-seat challenge , the 12 acts in each category performed one song each for the judges and were allocated a seat or sent home .	O
Any contestant under 16 could not be swapped out if they were given a seat .	O
The judges ' retreats episodes were filmed over the month of February in locations in New Zealand and Thailand .	O
The live shows began on 15 2015 March .	I
With the acts in the bottom two receiving one vote each , the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote .	O
Stuss was eliminated as the act with the fewest votes public .	I
With the acts in the bottom two receiving two votes each , the result was deadlocked and reverted to the earlier public vote .	O
Sarah Spicer was eliminated as the act with the public fewest votes .	I
The charity single was released on 13 April is in aid of Ronald McDonald House Charities in New Zealand .	O
The single at debuted number 13 on the Official New Zealand Singles Chart .	I
Faherty was heard also using bleeped language backstage .	I
Brider later told media that he regretted appearing on the series and had not thought through the impact of his appearance .	O
A Facebook demanding page the two be fired was set up on 15 March 2015 , and within twelve hours had amassed over 50,000 likes .	I
The incident led to criticism from the show 's sponsors , franchise owner and fellow judges .	O
Prionapteryx albimaculalis is a moth the in family Crambidae .	I
was It described by George Hampson in 1919 .	I
It is found in Namibia , South Africa and Zimbabwe .	O
triplecta Prionapteryx is a moth in the Crambidae family .	I
It was by described Meyrick in 1935 .	I
It found is in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .	I
Metacrambus jugaraicae is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Stanisław Błeszyński in 1965 .	O
It is found Kazakhstan in .	I
Metacrambus kurdistanellus is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Hans Georg Amsel in 1959 and is found in Iraq .	O
Things You Shouldn 't Say Past Midnight is a 2000 American play written by Peter Ackerman .	O
Born in rural Bolton , North Carolina , Brown attended North Carolina A and T College of Greensboro , North Carolina , where he earned his B.A .	O
degree from the University of Chicago in 1967 .	O
is He a professor at UC Berkeley .	I
He was educated in the United States , spoke fluent English as well as Spanish , and was politically well connected .	O
He became known for importing prostitutes from France , and worked out of Isidro San , a barrio and red light district in Old Havana .	I
He was killed on November 21 , 1910 , by gunfire from rival French pimp Louis Lotot and his confederates , who had been waiting for him .	O
Lotot was himself killed in return gunfire from Yarini 's bodyguard .	O
Metaeuchromius anacanthus is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by W. and Li H. Li in 2009 .	I
It is found China in ( Hainan ) .	I
Metaeuchromius changensis is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
was It described by Schouten in 1997 .	I
It is found in China ( Hubei ) .	O
circe Metaeuchromius is a moth in the family Crambidae .	I
was It described by Stanisław Błeszyński in 1965 .	I
It is found in Sichuan , China .	O
Metaeuchromius euzonella is a in moth the family Crambidae .	I
It was by described George Hampson in 1896 .	I
is It found in India ( Khasis ) .	I
often People worked together on each other 's fields when extra hands were needed to transplant or harvest a paddy field .	I
Often , he accompanied father his on bullock cart trips through forests to neighboring areas .	I
Among the Warli , were trees never cut down till they dried and shed all trace of green from their body .	I
This qualified him to teach in a secondary school in a neighboring village , which he did for 10 years .	O
The same year , the Save family began digging their well .	O
By 1952 , the was well completed and a waterwheel was constructed .	I
The harvest he reaped attracted attention from a director of the Gujarat State Fertilizer Corporation who offered Save an agency contract for marketing their chemical fertilizer .	O
Several agricultural scientists from and Pune elsewhere drew on his experience for conducting their field trials .	I
Raising an orchard was his now major preoccupation , and he wanted to spend more time working and observing .	I
By 1960 , he had completely eliminated use the of chemicals on his farm .	I
Briefly , Save 's polyculture plant categories and natural philosophy farming are based on this pattern :	I
Save 's idea for platforms resulted from a need to grow trees on low-lying paddy fields .	O
Initially , the of saplings coconut or chikoo ( long life-span species ) were intercropped only with vegetables ( short life-span species ) .	I
Today , 90 % of the family 's income is earned from chikoo and coconut production .	O
flavofascialis Metaeuchromius is a moth in the family Crambidae .	I
It was described by Park in 1990 .	O
It is found in South Korea .	O
At the University of Maryland he was a multiple time All-American and Atlantic Coast Conference champion .	O
This finished enabled to him compete at the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships where he was a semifinalist .	I
Warrioota Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in South Australia .	O
It is situated approximately south west of Leigh Creek and north of west Blinman .	I
The landscape is made up of undulating saltbush and sandhill country interspersed with grassed flats .	O
In 1913 the property was owned by W. L. Whyte and Peter Whyte who both died the same year .	O
The area had been going through a dry spell for the past few years but in 1921 the rains came with falling in a single day .	O
Warrioota occupied an area of and was stocked with 1,800 sheep and cattle 300 .	I
The Nilpena Pastoral Company put both Nilpena and Warrioota up for auction in 1947 as lot one .	I
Both the stone homestead at Nilpena and the weatherboard homestead at Warrioota were included the in sale .	I
It was named for J. Q. Burress , the original owner of the town site .	O
A post office was established Burress at in 1887 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1942 .	I
Shakira was initially offered a role by the producers of the movie take to part as the main protagonist .	I
She working started for the material of the movie with Argentine composer Pedro Aznar in London , England during the second half of 2007 .	I
It was also nominated for a World Soundtrack Award for Best Original Written Song Directly for a Film at the 2008 awards ceremony .	I
For the performance she was dressed with a crop top and a red skirt .	O
Notable people with surname the include :	I
Metaeuchromius inflatus is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Schouten in 1997 .	O
It is found in Nepal .	O
Metaeuchromius kimurai is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
was It described by Sasaki in 2005 .	I
Metaeuchromius latoides is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Schouten in 1997 .	O
It is found in Turkey .	O
Metaeuchromius singulispinalis is moth a in the family Crambidae .	I
It was by described W. Li and H. Li in 2009 .	I
Metaeuchromius yuennanensis is a moth in the Crambidae family .	O
It was described by Caradja Aristide in 1937 .	I
It is found in China ( Yunnan , Tibet ) .	O
Metaeuchromius yusufeliensis is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Matthias Nuss and Wolfgang Speidel in 1999 .	O
It is found in Turkey .	O
It is based in Bonn , and since the restructuring of the Bundeswehr in 2013 has been directly subordinate to the Streitkräftebasis ( Joint Support Service ) .	O
Fencing at the 1998 Asian Games was held in Thammasat Gymnasium 4 , Bangkok , Thailand from December 9 to December 18 , 1998 .	O
He was an early part of the Open Technology Institute in 2009 , led by Sascha Meinrath .	O
It in grows crevices , talus , and rocky meadows of the subalpine forest and alpine zone of the United States Sierra Nevada range .	I
Clarence and Dill were born in Cleveland , Ohio and were boyhood friends who decided to go into show business together .	O
A week later they were noted in Saint Louis , Missouri on February 11 , 1900 .	O
They had performance a at Sam T. Jack 's Theater on March 4 , 1900 .	I
The performance later moved to Kernan 's Theater for a week of performances in mid-March .	O
In mid-December 1900 , Kolb and Dill were listed part as of the Columbia Theater .	I
In January 1901 , Kolb and Dill disbanded from their company and rejoined Fred Irwin 's group for a performance on January 20 , 1901 .	O
Despite it not being the original company , Kolb and Dill 's imitation of Weber and Fields was hailed as a good production .	O
The act was unchanged until at least after August 3 , Fischer 's ads continued to highlight the popularity of the triple bill throughout July .	O
The two performances were again associated with Weber and Fields .	O
Kolb and 's Dill role was described as being entirely different from those of the past .	I
The popular act would play throughout December and change over in on January 5 , 1903 .	O
The production was quite popular and was advertised as having 1900 people pack the theater to view the performance on August 12 .	O
The group was known as the American Travesty Company .	O
Kolb 's wife , Charlotte Vidot , was also going to be a part of the trip .	O
Later the trip was announced to include New Zealand .	O
After their final act on March 6 , Kolb and Dill headed to New York only to return for more performances prior to their tour .	O
He died in 1980 at the age of 81 .	O
State Pomona School was established on 31 August 1897 .	I
The local School District was a patch work of small school 's in would what become the Shire of Noosa .	I
Smaller schools closed with the expansion of Pomona State School and the eventual establishment of a school bus .	O
Mill School was the first school to be opened in the district in 1874 .	O
Located by Lake Cootharaba two kilometres north of Elanda Point .	O
Mill School was closed 1892 in .	I
Pinbarren Creek State School was opened as a provisional school on 22 February 1905 and upgraded in 1908 .	O
The school closed in July 1939 just after the start of the Second World War .	O
The school closed eventually on 31 December 1936 from low attendance .	I
Cootharaba Lake State School opened on 23 August 1909 .	O
Ringtail State School , was opened 1912 May and closed December 1943 .	I
At the conclusion of the Second World War , the focus was shifted from fighting education to .	I
At the end of 1944 , the Department of Education established the first secondary department for a public school in Queensland .	O
The vocational study program which had been in place since 1925 , had 146 enrolled students in 1950 .	O
St Patrick 's convent was eventually closed and burnt down in 2011 by Arson .	O
The new site would provide more room for the school 's eventual growth in the future .	O
Ellis estate was located on what is today , 74 Station Street .	O
The new school site was officially opened on 9 October 1976 by The Hon .	O
Wharton , MLA the minister for Aboriginal and Islander 's Advancement and Fisheries .	O
The pre-school was eventually moved to the new site joining the other grades , the building was then taken over the by Kindergarten .	I
The original site is today used as a main feature in the Pomona community as the Stan Topper Park .	O
The newly named Cooroora Secondary College was established in 1996 at 120 Summit Road .	O
The college was intended to make the grades 8-12 available to the local population .	O
The college was purpose built around a paved courtyard , with ample free land on its grounds .	O
Grade 7 is expected to begin at Pomona campus at the beginning of the 2015 school year .	O
Kouwenhoven competed as a member the of Netherlands men 's national ice hockey team at the 1981 World Ice Hockey Championships .	I
He served as mayor of Hull from 1893 to and 1895 from 1905 to 1906 .	I
The son of Stanislas Aubry and Elmire Biroleau dit Lafleur , he was born in Sainte-Scholastique , Quebec ( later known as Mirabel ) .	O
He was a member of Hull municipal council from 1888 to 1892 and from 1899 to 1900 .	O
From 1919 to 1929 , part of the building was rented to a bank , the Banque de Hochelaga .	O
Place Aubry and Rue Aubry in Gatineau were named his in honour .	I
Origin of the phrase is suggested to belong to the Cajun and black Creole cowboys of the Cajun prairies .	O
In 1962 , Joe Falcon explains he picked up the song from black Creoles , one named Sidney Babineaux .	O
The song refers to the of town Hackberry , Louisiana which is located about 30 miles from U.S. Route 90 .	I
Tjakko de Vos ( born July 2 , 1956 ) is a Dutch former professional ice hockey player .	O
competed He as a member of the Netherlands men 's national ice hockey team at the 1981 World Ice Hockey Championships .	I
She converted the from Lutheran Church of Sweden to Roman Catholicism at a time when this was a serious crime against the state .	I
According to Swedish law , any Swedish citizen who left the Lutheran Church was punished with banishment , confiscation and forfeiture of the right of inheritance .	O
Swedish converts in Sweden , however , were generally women who had married foreign Catholics living in Sweden .	O
In 1753 she married German Roman Catholic Franz von den Enden , who was a violinist at the Kungliga Hovkapellet .	O
She denied that she regarded Lutheranism as heresy , saying that she did not understand difference the between Lutheran and Catholic teaching .	I
Holm 's husband Von den Enden remained in Sweden and remained active at the court orchestra until his in death Ulriksdal , in 1769 .	I
By then he remarried was .	I
Two were built at Yarrow 's shipyard in Clydebank , Scotland , and remaining the four in Lisbon with Yarrow machinery .	I
She was renamed for Colombia 's Antioquia Department , which had contributed the funds for her acquisition .	O
Although the ship 's crewmembers were alarmed to find themselves under fire , the ship fortunately was not hit .	O
He lives his with wife and daughter in Chicago .	I
It was described in 1902 by mycologist Charles Horton Peck .	O
Found in North America , it fruits singly or in clusters on the ground in mixed forest .	O
He was Commandant of the United States Army Command and General College Staff from July 19 , 1995 to August 7 , 1997 .	I
was He inducted into the Fort Leavenworth Hall of Fame .	I
Leonard P. Wishart III ( born September 24 , 1934 ) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army .	O
He was Commandant of the United States Army Command and General Staff College July from 14 , 1988 to August 15 , 1991 .	I
He later served as the first Director of Non-Legislative and Financial Services of the United States House of Representatives from 1992 to 1994 .	O
John Edward Miller ( born May 8 , 1941 ) is a retired lieutenant general of the United States Army .	O
He was Commandant of the United States Army Command and General Staff College from July 27 , 1993 to July 19 , 1995 .	O
He is an alumnus of Missouri State University .	O
The design was by the British company Shipbuilders Yarrow , based on that of the Royal Navy 's prototype destroyer .	I
The vessels were by powered three oil-fired Yarrow boilers providing of steam to two Parsons turbines with Curtiss reduction gearing .	I
In conjunction with Yarrows , the Lisbon Naval Arsenal of Lisbon was chosen to construct two hulls while Yarrows would provide and install the destroyer 's machinery .	O
Both ships were launched in 1933 and were commissioned in 1934 .	O
Both ships were refitted in the United States when two / 38 calibre guns replaced the four 4.7-inch guns , one forward one and aft .	I
The number torpedo of tubes was reduced to one quadruple mount .	I
was He Commandant of the United States Army Command and General Staff College from August 16 , 1991 to July 27 , 1993 .	I
Instead , the text uses the physiognomic features of a person to predict their future .	O
The mushroom is found in North America , where it fruits singly or in small groups under conifer trees .	O
Puritan New England Funerary Art reached its peak during the 16th and 17th centuries after the arrival of English Puritans in the Colonies .	O
Reasoning for this is because after the Reformation , the English Puritans wished for greater purity and distance from the Catholic Church .	O
The narrative style of England had changed to one of emblems .	O
the To Puritans , these were traditional symbols brought from England .	I
In the corners of a typical stone with this depiction are angels at the top and of bats the underworld at the bottom .	I
A winged head death can be seen to the right and symbolizes the triumph of death .	I
Within fifty years the depiction of death changes .	O
The changes are very minute and gradual leaving some stones at a disturbing image in between an empty skull and a lively soul .	O
The evolution of style of death 's head , urn and and willow design is to be found in almost every cemetery in New England .	I
The Pentax Q-S1 is a compact digital mirrorless interchangeable lens camera announced by Ricoh under the Pentax brand on August 4 , 2014 .	O
It available is in a variety of color combinations .	I
The four spoke wheels of the Wolseleys were replaced by six disk wheels with solid rubber tires .	O
A machine gun mount placed was in this sloped section for air defense .	I
It had a crew of five , consisting of a driver , three gunners and a commander .	O
They were effectively replaced after 1937 by the Type 97 tankette Te-Ke .	I
The group recorded a few more sides for Audicon which were leased to Jubilee and Octavia .	O
It was a top 20 hit in many eastern cities and it charted nationally , rising to number 69 .	O
They were managed by Jim Gribble who managed several doo-wop groups including the Mystics and The Jarmels , and worked with producer songwriter Stan Vincent .	O
In the late 1990s , they reunited with the Mystics and the Classics for the Brooklyn Reunion Show .	O
He played 13 matches for the All Blacks including internationals three .	I
Between 1998 and 2003 , she did her postdoctoral work at Harvard Medical School in Michael E. Greenberg 's laboratory .	O
Richard Gordon Graves ( born October 30 , 1933 ) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army .	O
He was Commander of III Corps and Fort Hood .	O
He is a 1958 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy .	O
He played 20 matches for the All Blacks including two official internationals .	O
, 47 people were indicted , of which 42 had already pleaded guilty in relation the to conspiracy .	I
Many other members of the Tran family were also in involved the organization .	I
The conspirators were rounded up in 2007 .	O
By 2007 , Truong and 46 confederates were indicted for racketeering , theft and money laundering .	O
Truong pleaded guilty and received months 70 in prison .	I
In U-shaped and wing designs , each shoe of the pair is hung adjacent each to other .	I
This design is commonly used to hang flip-flops or sandals .	O
The base is short and terminates at the upper end a with hook .	I
This early shoe hanger , which was made from wire , was patented in 1926 by Jesse S. Harding .	O
As retail space became expensive increasingly it became necessary to display shoes and other clothing items in a more space efficient way .	I
Macon is located at .	O
A post office was established at Macon 1873 in , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1955 .	I
It was named after Macon , Georgia , the native home of pioneer a settler .	I
After two years , in 1983 , it was identified as a new species .	O
However , the molecular nature of its pathogenicity remained unknown for three decades .	O
When isolated they and analysed the protein , they discovered that it was unique both in structure and biological functions .	I
Protein M is about kDa 50 in size , and composed of 556 amino acids .	I
This makes the protein an ideal target for new developing drugs .	I
The festival was opened on 30 December 2010 at Alana Estate Vineyard and in 2011 was shifted to Daisybank Farm .	O
The final festival was held in 2013 , due to substantial debts from a previous organiser of the festival .	O
Macon was named by an early settler for his former hometown of Macon , Georgia .	O
High school girl Hibiki Amami has a sixth sense of perceiving and interacting with ghosts and supernatural beings as well as talking with cats and other animals .	O
She transfers to a new school called Hanazuka Prefectural High School , but none her of peers share that ability .	I
( Ibuki Kido and Erii Yamazaki ) .	O
Born in Tetiiv , Kyiv Oblast , Ukraine , Sichkaruk is a product of Kyiv Oblast youth sportive school system .	O
He was renewed after the long injury and signed a contract FC with Vorskla .	I
Made his for debut FC Vorskla in game against FC Hoverla Uzhhorod on 8 August 2014 in the Ukrainian Premier League .	I
Ujung Water Palace is a former palace in Karangasem Regency , Bali .	O
It is located approximately 5 kilometres from Amlapura .	O
It was built in 1909 on the initiative of Agung Anak Anglurah .	I
The architect was a Dutch van Den Hentz and a Chinese Loto Ang .	O
It was destroyed almost entirely by the eruption of Mount Agung in 1963 and earthquake in 1975 .	O
He died in the town of Fitchburg , Wisconsin .	O
The festival began in 2011 in Terrace Downs ( Mount Hutt ) and in 2013 relocated to its current venue Cardrona Valley .	O
First released in 1995 Churchill by Livingstone , it is currently published by Elsevier .	I
A third edition was four released years later with more updates over the previous edition .	I
Its founding editor , Martin Abeloff , died in 2007 .	O
The book is in currently its fifth edition .	I
JGL Racing was an American professional stock car racing team that last in competed the NASCAR Xfinity Series .	I
The team based was in Denver , North Carolina .	I
The team recently fielded the No .	O
24 for Kaz Grala and No .	O
28 for Dylan and Lupton Tony Mrakovich .	I
12 Alliance Truck and Parts No .	I
The paint schemes for 26 the and 28 cars were created by the JGL Graphics Shop .	I
Grala finished 4th in his Xfinity Series debut at Daytona .	O
24 car , which replaced the former No .	O
24 JGL was team shut down and its crew moved to the No .	I
24 car returned as JGL 's second team in 2016 .	O
Joe Gibbs Racing development driver Matt Tifft drove the car at the Daytona opener season with sponsorship from ClinicalRM , finishing 21st .	I
youtheory later on signed to sponsor LaJoie in eight races beginning at Fontana in March .	I
24 car for the Xfinity race at Talladega Superspeedway later that month .	O
However , on May 15 , 2018 , Grala announced he had been by released JGL as the team was shutting down its No .	I
24 due car to a lack of sponsorship .	I
Team owner James Whitener later revealed that his diagnosis of liver failure also contributed to the closing the of team .	I
24 was later reassigned to GMS Racing .	O
24 after team Eric McClure 's departure , JGL made the No .	I
26 a full-time entry , with the No .	O
26 team assuming the crew from the No .	O
Bell later took over the ride remainder of the season by start and parking majority the of races .	I
26 team later became the No .	O
On June 24 , 2017 , the team announced Twitter via that Scott Lagasse Jr. will drive the No .	I
28 was an original JGL Racing entry , having debuted at Daytona in 2014 as Dodge a .	I
Mike Wallace ran the No .	O
28 at Daytona in 2014 with Unker 's Medicated Cream as the sponsor , the with intent of running the full season .	I
At season-finale the at Homestead , the No .	I
28 team switched to Toyota equipment .	O
Armstrong would be moved to Joe Gibbs Racing for one race to drive the No .	O
18 replacing Matt at Tifft Iowa bringing his sponsor which JGL hired Drew Herring to drive the No .	I
On January 3 , 2018 , it was announced that Lupton Dylan would drive the No .	I
Tony Mrakovich made his Xfinity Series debut in No the .	I
28 at Richmond , finishing 24th .	O
JGL Racing has been inactive since mid 2018 .	O
93 at International Daytona Speedway , failing to qualify .	I
Long start and parked car the again at Bristol , then Yeley ran the next two races scoring two top 20s .	I
Mike Wallace moved over from the No .	O
for 28 two races before leaving the team .	I
Long , Harrison Rhodes , Josh Reaume , and Kevin Lepage all ran races in the car	O
Mike returned Wallace to the team at Kentucky .	I
Up-and-comer Kevin joined Swindell the team at Indianapolis with sponsorship from Curb Records and John Christner Trucking .	I
Ryan Ellis , Mike Harmon , and T. J .	O
Bell also races ran for the team .	I
In 2015 , JGL shut down No the .	I
93 , instead creating the new full-time No .	O
93 crew were moved to the No .	O
However , nine races into the season , No the .	I
24 was shut down and the No .	O
26 became a full-time entry .	O
The team then announced that the No .	O
However the car has not been fielded as of the second to last race of the season .	O
pentacantha Pristolepis is a species of fish in the family Pristolepididae described from Kabani River of Kerala , India .	I
Known aattuchemballi as in local parlance , fish of the Pristolepididae family are edible .	I
They can also be reared as an ornamental fish .	O
Ward was born in Anniston , Alabama , a small between town Atlanta and Birmingham .	I
At the age of six he picked up his first guitar .	O
From those items , he taught himself how to multitrack and overdub instruments .	O
He currently owns operates and the mixing website , MixCoach .	I
Studios ( now Crossroads ) in Asheville , North Carolina .	O
During time his with HearHere ! , Ward recorded , produced , and / or mixed over 170 albums .	I
During this time he met producer , arranger , and Vine future records partner , Wayne Haun .	I
He lost this win to one of his heroes , Ricky Skaggs .	O
Less than a year into his co-venture with Haun , Ward and Haun signed up-and-coming Bluegrass artist , Lizzy Long .	O
Long collaborated on an album through Vine Records with longtime friends , Roy Lewis and the legendary Scruggs Earl .	I
Both career-starting were albums from The Browders .	I
After just two years in business , Vine Records was nominated for over a dozen Dove Awards , many of which they have won .	O
Machhra is an ancient village situated in Meerut district , Uttar Pradesh , India .	O
It is situated 1.5 km from Meerut Garh road .	O
From Meerut distance of is village approximately 21 km .	I
Total population is to expected be near 7,000 – 8,000 .	I
As a result , in 1762 the Qing court established position the of General of Ili with Ming Rui as the first incumbent .	I
Thereafter , Huiyuan became the capital of the Qing Xinjiang Region .	O
The headquarters the of Manchu bannermen was in Huiyuan and Huining while the Green Standard Army was distributed across the remaining towns with their commander in Suiding .	I
Their were affairs managed by the General of Ili through the East Yamen ( ) .	I
On March8 1866 , a large force of Hui Muslims captured the General of Ili Mingsioi 's Yamen .	O
He was born Norfolk in , England , to land agent William Lane .	I
He emigrated to Victoria in 1881 , moving to New Wales South in 1890 where he worked as an auctioneer .	I
On 2 1891 April he married Kate Eliza Johnson ; they had two children .	I
He held the seat until 1920 , when he was defeated running as a Nationalist for the multi-member seat of Northern Tableland .	O
E. Robert Olds was born in Duluth , Minnesota , on October 22 , 1875 .	I
On 17 June 1925 , he was appointed as Assistant Secretary of by State President Calvin Coolidge .	I
He was subsequently appointed as Under Secretary of State , on May 19 , 1927 .	O
Olds resigned as Under Secretary of State on 30 June 1928 .	O
These are portions belonging to the Sun and other planets respectively and interactions their can produce painful consequences .	I
The Vedic astrology is primarily based on the calculation of points mathematical .	I
The rest produce evil results .	O
William Fleming Latimer ( 1858 – 21 July 1935 ) was an Irish-born Australian politician .	O
He attended the Erasmus Smith school near Florencecourt and was then apprenticed to a softgoods trader at the age of fifteen .	O
In 1882 he arrived in Sydney .	O
He subsequently served as a Woollahra alderman from 1897 to 1928 , as mayor from 1900 to 1910 and 1918 to 1920 .	O
He remained there until changes in the Council led to the removal of lifetime appointments in 1934 .	O
John DeWolf was a member of Wisconsin the State Assembly .	I
DeWolf was born on June 7 , 1817 .	O
Patrick McGarry ( 1863 – 23 December 1930 ) an was Irish-born Australian politician .	I
He was born in Killalbely in County to Meath farmer Bernard McGarry and Mary Loughlin .	I
In Ireland , where he worked as an alluvial miner , he was active in the Land League .	O
Around 1885 he to went the United States , working in Boston for four years during which he was active in the Knights of Labor .	I
On 17 January 1900 he married Mary Myres , with whom he had three children .	O
In 1904 he was to elected the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Murrumbidgee .	I
A supporter of military conscription , he left the party in the 1916 split and won re-election in 1917 as a Nationalist .	O
He is believed have to made some money as a land dealer after his defeat , but he died impoverished in Hunters Hill in 1930 .	I
They sit under the General Inspector of the Bundeswehr and are a of member the Defence Council for Bundeswehr-wide matters .	I
William P. Allen was a member of Wisconsin the State Assembly .	I
Allen was born on July 21 , 1818 in New York .	O
He died on September 1 , 1901 in Sharon , Wisconsin .	O
Allen was a member of the Assembly in 1854 .	O
13 ) in November 1941 , with illustrations by André Pécoud .	O
The magic word to appear disappear and Lupin .	I
Patrick Michael McGirr ( 25 December 1874 – 13 April 1957 ) was an Australian politician .	O
He was born in to Parkes farmer John Patrick McGirr and Mary O 'Sullivan .	I
In 1917 he elected was to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Macquarie .	I
died He there in 1957 .	I
His father Syed Iqbal Shah was also a filmmaker who made the first Pakistani animated film in 1960 .	O
A show about the British journalist George Fulton who experienced staying nine years Pakistan in .	I
Legacy Mount Hood Medical Center is a hospital in Gresham in the U.S. state of Oregon .	O
Established in 1959 , the 115-bed facility in the Portland metropolitan area is owned by Legacy Health System .	O
Originally for-profit a hospital , it moved to its current campus in 1984 .	I
In 2001 , the hospital added a permanent MRI machine , a replacing mobile unit that had previously been used .	I
The next year the imaging department completed an expansion that the doubled size and also added a CAT scan machine .	I
The hospital opened an expanded 29-bed , emergency department in 2009 .	O
Part of Legacy Health , the state of Oregon classifies the hospital as a DRG hospital .	O
For 2013 , the hospital had a total of discharges 5,848 , with 20,493 patient days , and 41,501 emergency department visits , plus 93,254 outpatient days .	I
Also that year were 1,027 births and 1,526 inpatient surgeries .	O
He was born in Prospect to farmer William Richardson Miller and Catherine Engel .	O
He was educated at St Philip 's and Fort Street schools before becoming a journalist .	O
Ganesh this was immersed at Hussain sagar	I
Namaste Telangana ( 2014 ) newspaper say 's : awesome ganesh with idol Flowers and Fruits .	I
Over 2,000 kilos of fruits had been used .	O
There was also an 85-kilo laddu and a 25-kilo garland on the idol .	O
John Linley Frazier was born in Ohio on 26 January 1946 .	O
Four later days he was arrested .	I
However , in 1972 the death penalty was abolished in California and his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment .	O
On the first day of the trial , he appeared in court with a new look representing the two sides a of hippie .	I
He shaved later his head completely .	I
Born in Rome , Colangeli began acting in the early 1940s , and she was mainly cast in roles of women from a low social class .	O
Minute to Win It : Edition Singapore is a Singaporean primetime game show that originally ran on MediaCorp Channel 5 with host Bryan Wong .	I
Contestants managed who to complete all 10 challenges will win S $ 250,000 .	I
Subsequent were episodes telecast on every Wednesday beginning from 13 August 2014 at 8 : 00pm .	I
After successfully completing the fourth and seventh level games , the contestant is guaranteed to leave with no less than the cash award for those levels .	O
The difficulty of the games progressively increase throughout the show .	O
In episodes featuring teams of two contestants , some games are played by both players , while others are played solo .	O
Successfully completing a is challenge worth a specific cash prize at each level .	I
These players played for charity . < br >	O
Bold + denotes the winners with the top prize ( cleared the top level prize )	I
He was born in West Maitland to grazier William and Nicholson Mary Ann Ryan .	I
He was a solicitor 's clerk before joining the Newcastle post office in 1876 , soon rising to assistant postmaster and then postmaster in 1880 .	O
From 1882 he was crown lands agent at Coonabarabran ; he resigned in 1888 to return to Maitland to farm .	O
He served in the Boer War as a captain and was mentioned despatches in three times .	I
He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative in Assembly 1911 as the Liberal member for Maitland .	I
He was defeated in 1920 , and after another unsuccessful run in 1925 retired from politics .	O
There are large also number of aviation magazines in the country .	I
In addition , there were a total of 19 supplements .	O
However , between 2008 and 2012 a total of 182 magazines ceased publication in the country .	O
The following is an incomplete list current of and defunct magazines published in Spain .	I
They may be published in Spanish or other in languages .	I
Jordi Andree Castell Abusleme ( b . San Fernando , Chile , November 3 , 1966 ) is a Chilean photographer and television presenter .	O
Castell was by raised his mother and her family .	I
In 1994 , he graduated with a Master in Escola Catalana Photography , in Barcelona , ( Spain )	O
He has worked as a consultant to various image media and businesses .	O
Moreover , in 2007 , participated in the first season of ' Wicked dancing ' ' Channel 13 where he won second place in the competition .	O
In the second season , he participated as a judge .	O
He was the first homosexual show to their status and obtain economic returns for his confession .	I
In 2011 was National International and Jury LII International Song Festival of Viña del Mar .	I
Days the after announcement of the campaign pamphlets were distributed in the town of Providencia attacking the driver of television through insults homophobic .	I
In December 2011 entering a public dispute with the imitator Stefan Kramer by imitation that makes him specifically his mocking sexual orientation .	I
For some people , like the cheerleader Carola Julio this would be a form of extortion by Castel	O
A post office was established at Freedom in 1895 , operated and intermittently until it was discontinued in 1946 .	I
Freedom was likely named from the patriotic spirit of the post-Civil War era .	O
He was born in Hong Kong and was educated at the Diocesan Boys ' School .	O
In during 1925 the large-scale Canton – Hong Kong strike , he joined the Special Police Reserve to help maintain order .	I
He was made Justice of the Peace in 1941 .	O
He was also member of the council of the University of Hong Kong , Diocesan Boys ' School , and St. Stephen 's College .	O
He became the head of the St. John Ambulance and Brigade Rotary and vice-chairman of the Red Cross Hong Kong .	I
For the Chinese community , he was vice-chairman of the Chinese Temples Committee .	O
He was appointed the by government member of the Licensing Board , Business Advisory Board , Fishing Adivsory Board .	I
From 1950 to 1957 , he was the unofficial member of the Urban Council of Hong Kong .	O
He was promoted to Commander of the Order of St John in 1957 and Knight of the Order of St John 1961 in .	I
In 1962 , he was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire .	O
The team won that the zonal title is listed in bold .	I
The song was written by Alexander Grant and Grey , and produced Grant by .	I
While Skylar Grey was living in a cabin in Oregon , she said that she was coming into a version new of herself .	I
The song is also about the same relationship as Love the Way You Lie .	O
A lyric video for the song was released on April 17 in Skylar Grey 's VEVO account .	O
The section of Main Street is a mostly residential portion of the city 's primary residential , commercial , social and corridor .	I
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16 , 1994 .	O
The South Australian Soccer Federation 1998 season consisted of two divisions , one ten of and one of twelve teams , across the State of South Australia .	I
Orafino is unincorporated an community in Frontier County , Nebraska , in the United States .	I
Face the Crowd may refer to :	O
It was released 11 on February 2013 through Chess Club Records as their debut single .	I
He the attended University of California , Berkeley .	I
Obst had associated with Abbie Hoffman .	O
On February 1 of that year he was shifting into being a publisher .	O
married He and later divorced Lynda Obst .	I
It was established in 2006 and has a second campus located in Shirpur .	O
The college of boasts a bustling MUN culture and one of the biggest Model UN events in India called MumbaiMUN .	I
Haskell was born in Chelsea , Massachusetts on February 12 , 1843 , and joined the Army in August 1862 .	O
He was wounded on no less than different six occasions before finally mustering out in June 1865 .	I
Atomika or Atomica may refer to :	O
This is Class a I stone , bearing incised Pictish symbols .	I
This is a Class II cross slab bearing a celtic cross decorated with knotwork and a central boss with spiral work .	O
On the side is an ogham inscription that transliterates as :	O
extends It from Split in the south to Karlovac in the north .	I
It runs mostly within the High Karst Unit .	O
The Jerseyville Downtown Historic District is a historic district encompassing the commercial center of Jerseyville , Illinois .	O
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 , 1986 .	O
After his death he became notable as a philanthropist with bequests medical in science and music education .	I
Storr was born in Newcastle , New South Wales , and aged eight his family moved to a rural property between Forbes and Grenfell .	O
His early education was in the multi-class schoolroom at Ooma Creek Public School before attending Newington College as a boarder ( 1935 – 1936 ) .	O
left He school at 15 to return to the land .	I
After war service he returned to the bank and worked in both Australia and New Papua Guinea .	I
He was the first Captain of the Jagorawi Golf Country and Club in Indonesia .	I
Walter Joseph Sullivan ( March 2 , 1923 – August 4 , 2014 ) was an American politician .	O
Born in Cambridge , Massachusetts , Sullivan served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II .	O
In 1951 , he served in the Massachusetts House of as Representatives a Democrat .	I
Robert Storr refer may to :	I
Free Money Day is an annual , global event held since 2011 as a social experiment and to promote sharing and alternative ideas economic .	I
The day is held annually on September 15 , the anniversary of the Lehman Brothers ' 2008 filing for bankruptcy .	O
68 events were held in 2011 .	O
On one past Free Money Day , according to the official website , 138 Free Money Day events were held in 24 countries .	O
In 2012 , it was planned give to $ 3,500 in cash to strangers globally .	I
It was broadcast on MediaCorp Channel U and simulcast on Toggle Live .	O
The show was hosted by Dasmond Koh , with Jeremy Chan and Shane Pow acting as managers for the contestants .	O
Taiwanese singer and former judge served as guest the judges at the grand final .	I
The judges were revealed during the round three auditions on 5 July 2014 .	O
They were joined by Eric Ng who was announced as the third and final judge of the season .	O
Despite not returning for his third season , Lee appeared as a guest judge during the grand final , together with Taiwanese singer .	O
The highlights of the were auditions aired during the premiere of the show on 18 August 2014 .	I
The campus auditions were hosted by radio personalities from Y.E.S .	O
Auditionees who were successful in the campus auditions advanced the to round two auditions .	I
The first round of the auditions began on 7 June 2014 and held was at Caldecott Broadcast Centre .	I
More than 6,000 hopefuls turned up for the auditions at the Caldecott Broadcast Centre .	O
Due to overwhelming response , the audition period for this round of the was competition extended till the following day on 8 June 2014 .	I
Successful auditionees from round one auditions advanced to the round two auditions .	O
The second round of the auditions was held on 22 2014 June at Square 2 .	I
Successful auditionees from this round of the competition advanced to the round three auditions .	O
The third and final round of auditions was held on 5 July 2014 at UE Convention Centre .	O
Profile trailers which introduce the final 12 contestants were released prior to premiere the of the show .	I
The programme , hosted by Chen Ning and Kenneth Chung , is through broadcast Catch-up TV on xinmsn and Toggle Now application .	I
final The 12 finalists were confirmed as follows ;	I
The live shows started on 25 August 2014 .	O
The an-hour-and-a-half-long live shows would take place on Mondays and would split into two segments .	O
Each contestant performs during the first hour , guest while performances and eliminations take place during the final half hour .	I
The results were announced based on the accumulated points from the judges and the public 's votes .	O
The who contestant receives the lowest combined score ( the judges scores and the public votes ) would be eliminated at the end of the show .	I
Each live featured show musical performances from various artists .	I
Similar to the previous week , the contestants sang a medley of songs for their performances this week .	O
The episode was pre-recorded and did not feature any interactive viewer component .	O
A sing-off segment was included on the show for the eight eliminated finalists .	O
Each of them performed a solo song of their choice , with the judges and the top 4 finalists deciding on the best performer from each category .	O
Taiwanese singer and former were judge brought in as the guest judges for the grand final .	I
For the first time this season , the contestants performed with a live band , instead a of backing track .	I
The two category winners advanced the to overall winner decider .	I
The two category winners paired up to perform a duet , then each gave a solo performance of their potential winner 's song .	O
He played three matches for the All Blacks but did not appear in any internationals .	O
Noshir M. Shroff was born on 23 August 1951 , in a family of ophthalmologists , in the Indian capital of New Delhi .	O
He earned a master 's degree in Minimal Access Surgery ( MMAS ) .	O
He was also one of the first ophthalmologists in India to launch Phacoemulsification ( microincision sutureless cataract surgery ) , in 1992 .	O
centre The has been recognised by the National Board of Examinations .	I
The project is conducted in association with Massachusetts Institute of Technology , USA .	O
Ahmet Kenan Yontunç was born , in İstanbul in 1904 .	O
He studied in the Sanayi 'i Nefise Academy ( later renamed Mimar Sinan University ) and in 1923 travelled to Germany for further studies .	O
He then returned to İstanbul and in 1930 he was appointed as an art teacher .	O
In 1940 he was promoted to the rank of professor .	O
He married to Feriha , the daughter of Kâzım Sevüktekin , a general of the Turkish War of Independence .	O
In 1927 he created his first bust , a bust of Atatürk , the founder Turkish of Republic .	I
He to continued create other sculptures of Atatürk .	I
He was specialized in Atatürk sculptures and busts , partially because he was an acquaintance of Atatürk .	O
In the he 1940s also created a number of sculptures of İsmet İnönü the second president of Turkey .	I
Özar gained her degree and masters from Boğaziçi University in Turkey in and 1977 1978 respectively .	I
Federation of Malaya competed for the first time in the 1954 Asian Games held in Manila , Philippines from 1 May 1954 to 9 May 1954 .	O
It contains buildings 27 that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings .	I
Sir Bryan Clieve Roberts KCMG , QC ( 22 March 1923 – 6 December 1996 ) was a British lawyer , civil servant and colonial administrator .	O
During the Second World War he was commissioned into the Royal Artillery and Royal Horse Artillery and served in France , the Netherlands , Belgium and Germany .	O
He returned to civilian life in 1946 and was called to the Bar as a member of Gray 's Inn in 1950 .	O
He returned to Britain in 1972 and was knighted the following year .	O
He died London in on 6 December 1996 and is buried at Kensal Green Cemetery .	I
Philippe Legendre was born in Vendée .	O
At the 2016 census , its was population 1,381 , in 330 families .	I
This page details the records , statistics , and other achievements pertaining to Shaquille O 'Neal .	O
As of January 19 , 2016	O
Youngest player in history NBA to :	I
Most seasons leading NBA in field goal percentage : 10	O
Most consecutive seasons leading NBA in field goal percentage : 5 , 1997-98 – 2001-02	O
Games scoring 10 or more points , career : 206	O
Points , 4-game series : 145 , vs. New Jersey Nets , 2002	O
Blocked shots , 4-game series : 11 , vs. New Jersey Nets , 2002	O
Blocked shots , 5-game series : 17 , Philadelphia vs. 76ers , 2001	I
Field goals made , game : 22 , April 20 , 1994	O
Field goals made , season : 953 ( 1993 – 94 )	O
Minutes played , season : 3,224 ( 1993 – 94 )	O
Offensive rebounds , season : 384 ( 1993 – 94 )	O
Blocks game per , career : 2.8	I
Blocked shots , game : 15 , at Jersey New Nets , November 20 , 1993	I
Field goals made , game : 18 , vs. Atlanta Hawks , May 8 , 1996	O
Points , postseason : 707 points , ( 2000 Playoffs )	O
Blocks per game , career : 2.54	O
Blocked shots , postseason : 61 , ( 2004 Playoffs )	O
Field goal percentage , season : .601 ( 2004 – 05 )	O
Field goal percentage , career : .596	O
Rebounds , game : 20 , May 4 , 2006	O
Ackon was born on 15 October 1980 in the suburbs of Kumasi in Manse , in Ghana .	O
He enjoyed the influence of music through church .	O
His parents , Beatrice Ivy and Ackon the late Reverend Emmanuel Eddie E. Ackon , were members of the Methodist Church .	I
Through the support of his parents became Ackon a Christian and took on the name Brother Philemon .	I
Along with his music certificate he also holds a bachelor 's degree in fine arts , having majored in theater management .	O
He currently resides in China with his wife Joy Mary Yap Dugaduga and children Beatrice Ivy-Joy Ackon and Trixie Efua-Otuah Ackon .	I
Do It All may refer also to :	I
Ludogorets ' first entry in the European competitions was in the 2012 – 13 UEFA Champions League against Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia .	O
Since then , the club competes in Europe on an basis annual with variable success .	I
As they advanced to next the round , they were drawn against Serbian champions , Partizan Belgrade .	I
After a second 0 – 2 loss in Switzerland , Ludogorets were eliminated and transferred to the Europa League the for very first time in their history .	I
On matchday 4 , they dropped the only points in a 1 – 1 home draw with Chornomorets Odesa .	O
In the second leg at Mestalla Stadium , Ludogorets were again defeated – 0 1 by Valencia and eliminated .	I
Photorhizobium thompsonianum is a bacterium from the genus of Photorhizobium .	O
Its editor belonged to the Fellow Traveller movement of the French Communist Party .	O
From 1942 to April 1944 , when he was arrested , the editor in chief was journalist Louis Martin-Chauffier .	O
The following list is her complete filmography .	O
Edmund John Patrick Collins , known also as Bishop Ted , was the Bishop of Darwin , Australia , from 1986 to 2007 .	I
His mother died when he was five .	O
Ted Collins Village , a housing complex opened in 2011 and run by the St Vincent de Paul Society in Darwin , is named after him .	O
The recording is now in the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory , as part of the Cyclone Tracy exhibit .	O
Two of Archbishops of Naples have been elected Pope , IV Paul and Innocent XII .	I
The 2014 – 15 Luxembourg National Division was the 101st season of top-tier football in Luxembourg .	O
It began on 1 August 2014 and ended on 23 May 2015 .	O
The winner earned place a in the 2015 – 16 Luxembourg National Division .	I
A music video for the original version of the song was uploaded on November 8 , 2012 to the band 's official YouTube channel .	O
Frank Lascelles may refer to :	O
John Lundgren ( born 30 July 1940 ) is a Danish former cyclist .	I
competed He in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	I
Postwar , it continued to serve in the air defence role in the Territorial until Army 1955 .	I
The town of Seaham had been largely built by Charles Vane , 3rd Marquess of Londonderry , who owned Seaham Colliery and constructed Seaham Harbour .	O
Two further companies were raised by the Mann brothers , local timber merchants , and a fourth from the bottlemakers of John Candlish 's Londonderry Bottle Works .	O
The unit continued to rely on the colliery and Vane-Tempest the family .	I
( Another of Earl Vane 's brothers , Lord Adolphus Vane-Tempest , commanded the 3rd ( Sunderland ) Durham Rifle Volunteer Corps . )	O
In 1900 , a new company was raised at Gilesgate and moved to Brandon in 1901 .	O
A cadet company was formed at Seaham in September 1898 but was disbanded in 1903 .	O
In 1899 , the Artillery Volunteers were transferred to the Royal Garrison Artillery ( RGA ) , the Seaham unit becoming the 2nd Durham RGA ( V )	O
III Northumbrian ( County of Durham ) Brigade , RFA	O
In late July 1914 , the units of the Northumbrian Division were at their annual training camp in North Wales .	O
The went units to their war stations along the coast , where there were numerous alerts .	I
In October , the division became part of Central Force in Home Defence and manned the Tyne Defences .	O
In this way duplicate battalions , brigades and divisions were created , mirroring those TF formations being sent overseas .	O
The Northumbrian Division officially the became 50th ( Northumbrian ) Division on 14 May .	I
The 50th Division supported an attack by the 3rd Division on Bellewaarde Ridge on 16 June .	O
By the end of July , the division had moved to the Armentières sector , where the 1 / III Northumbrian Brigade was at first in reserve .	O
The division stayed in this quiet sector until mid-November , when it moved to Merris .	O
On 25 November 1915 , the brigade was re-equipped with four modern 18-pounder guns to each battery , replacing the obsolete , short-ranged 15-pounders .	O
1 / III Northumbrian Brigade occupied positions between Trois-Rois and Woodcote House , near Blauwepoort Farm and near French Farm .	O
There was constant almost low-level fighting until the division was relieved at the beginning of April 1916 and moved to the Wytschaete sector .	I
The brigade ammunition were columns merged into the divisional ammunition column .	I
( On other parts of the front the attacking infantry were supported by I Mark tanks . )	I
4th The Battalion Northumberland Fusiliers ( N.F. )	I
was driven back to Trench Hook , where it consolidated a position .	I
The efforts of the 50th Division assisted the 47th Division in finally capturing High Wood .	O
An attempt to continue the attack the following morning after a 15-minute intense bombardment was a failure .	O
It took a week of fighting for the to division reach its final objective .	I
On the night of 3 / 4 October , the division was relieved , but the artillery remained in the line , supporting other formations .	O
The division returned on 24 October for an attack on the Butte de Warlencourt , which was several delayed times .	I
Although the 9th Bn Light Durham Infantry crept forward behind the barrage and took their objective , the rest of the assault bogged down .	I
Further lodgements made in the enemy positions on 14 November were also driven back , and the divisional artillery was relieved that night .	O
On 16 November , a further reorganisation of field artillery was carried out , when the four-gun 18-pounder batteries were increased to six guns each .	O
D ( H ) / CCLII Battery continued with just four howitzers .	O
The two remaining Northumbrian field brigades fought on with 50th Division to the end of the war .	O
The 2nd Line TF units of the Northumbrian Division slowly assembled around Newcastle upon Tyne , where the 2nd Northumbrian Divisional HQ opened in January 1915 .	O
The 2nd Northumbrian Division was numbered the 63rd ( 2nd Northumbrian ) Division on 16 August .	O
In November 1915 the division moved into winter quarters around York and Doncaster .	O
On 3 August it was reorganised :	O
When the Armistice with Germany came into force on 11 November , the 63rd ( RN ) Division had advanced far as as Harveng near Mons .	I
The whole division was disbanded in April 1919 .	O
In 1921 , the brigade and its batteries were renumbered :	O
55th ( Northumbrian ) Medium Brigade , RGA	O
In 1924 , the Royal Field Artillery and Royal Garrison Artillery were subsumed into the Royal Artillery ( RA ) .	O
In these postwar years , the medium artillery was equipped still with wartime 60-pounders and 6-inch howitzers .	I
The unit formed part of the 30th ( Northumbrian ) AA Group in the 2 AA Division .	O
63rd ( Northumbrian ) Anti-Aircraft Brigade , RA	O
Immediately after mobilisation , equipment was critically short .	O
Tyneside , Wearside , and Teesside were important strategic targets because of their high concentrations of heavy industry and ports .	O
The bombers were picked up on radar and ambushed by fighters of No .	O
13 Group RAF before they reached the coast .	O
Bombs were widely scattered and only at Sunderland was any major damage inflicted .	O
( It later served in the with that regiment . )	O
It arrived in Colombo on 29 July 1942 177th with , 178th and 269th HAA Btys ( 24 x 3.7-inch ) commanded by Lt-Col C.H .	I
On 24 April 1944 , the embarked unit for India , where it moved to Jubbulpore .	I
On arrival , the regiment was placed in suspended animation and many of its gunners sent for infantry training .	O
Here , the 63 Med was Bty detached from the regiment and moved into Burma .	I
At first it was attached to the 19th Indian Division engaged in mopping up and providing flank guards in difficult country .	O
Corps IV got to within of Rangoon before being held up .	I
This ended 3 on August .	I
The of Surrender Japan was broadcast on 15 August .	I
AA Command was disbanded in 1955 and there were wholesale disbandments and mergers among the TA 's AA units .	O
The following served as Honorary Colonel of the unit :	O
Four months later , Yavaser qualified the for Turkish squad in the men 's 84 kg class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the Summer 1960 Olympics .	I
The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story is a 2014 American television film that aired on Lifetime on September 1 , 2014 .	O
It was directed by Jason Lapeyre , produced by Harvey Kahn written and by Ron McGee .	I
The film premiered on September 1 , on 2014 Lifetime and M3 .	I
That it is a dramatic deconstruction of the worst elements of the hit ' 90s children 's series .	O
Pilot Viruet The of A.V .	I
Kurt vid Stein ( born 17 November 1935 ) is a former Danish cyclist .	O
He competed at the Summer 1960 Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics .	I
The League of Jewish Women in Germany ( , JFB ) was founded in 1904 by Bertha Pappenheim .	O
The foundation of the JFB shaped a distinct movement situated at the intersection of society German and Jewish tradition .	I
It was open about its desire to bring women into closer contact with Jewish tradition .	O
This work led to the founding of the Central Office for the Welfare of Jews in Germany ( ZWSt ) in 1917 .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
kdump a is feature of the Linux kernel that creates crash dumps in the event of a kernel crash .	I
This reserved amount of RAM is used solely by the dump-capture kernel and is otherwise unused during normal system operation .	O
kdump functionality , together with kexec , was merged into the Linux kernel mainline in kernel version 2.6.13 , which was released on August 29 , 2005 .	O
Farjad was born to Muslim parents in 1969 Lahore in , Pakistan .	I
He is presently working on a documentary film and along monograph with Meenu Gaur on the Lahore film industry also known as Lollywood .	I
At the same time , it is almost a tradition which has been followed through generations .	O
Ferdinand Duchoň ( born 15 May 1938 ) is a former Czech cyclist .	O
competed He in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	I
Gomes was born in Guinea-Bissau and moved to Portugal at the age of 6 with his mother .	O
However , when he was 11 , he moved with his father and Danish stepmother to Denmark .	O
Four days later , he appeared in his first top level match in the Superliga , in a 1 – 0 against victory Randers .	I
On 21 January 2015 , Gomes transferred to Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye .	O
At the end of May 2017 , he agreed to play officially for Guinea-Bissau .	O
He made his international debut on 10 June 2017 and scored the goal only of the match against Namibia .	I
A post office was established in in Hollinger 1905 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1944 .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
The Karonga Museum was officially opened by then President Bingu wa Mutharika in November 2004	O
Still under construction , the building is a site for all sorts of cultural events such as drama , dance performances , music and choir events .	O
The Center for Field Research co-operates in international projects .	O
During 2014 , weather damage threatened the collection of fossils and other artefacts held at the Centre .	O
Director & Chartered Architect ) , and is one of his most cherished projects .	O
He is currently an assistant coach of the Super Rugby team the Melbourne Rebels .	O
He was also an assistant coach of Australia Under-21 in 2004 .	O
In 2010 , he became assistant coach of Kyuden Voltex for a season , before accepting the role of coach head .	I
He then returned home to Australia , where he was as appointed head coach of the ARU 's National Academy for New South Wales .	I
Hedger 's coaching role models are Alastair Clarkson and Darren Lehmann .	O
It is a coarse-grained carbonate-breccia of Paleogene age .	O
The breccia was deposited syntectonically during the development of the Dinaride Thrust Belt .	O
He was awarded Distinguished the Service Order as a lieutenant following his involvement in the Battle of Buin Road on 19 March 1945 .	I
was He educated at the village school before attending Keble College , Oxford , where he became the most notable member of Oxford 's dramatic society .	I
After Oxford , he worked as an actor in London between 1904 and 1906 at Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree 's His Majesty 's theatre .	O
It was this during time that he changed his name from Stevens to Lascelles .	I
Several of his sculptures are displayed in prominent across positions the former Empire .	I
Bobby Shmurda was born Ackquille Jean Pollard in Miami , Florida , the younger two of sons born to a Trinidadian mother and a Jamaican father .	I
After his birth , he and his mother moved to Brooklyn , New York , after his father 's incarceration , before living in East Flatbush .	O
The and song it 's accompanying music video went viral shortly after being uploaded to YouTube in the spring of 2014 .	I
A Reggae remix of the song was also released in 2014 August , featuring Junior Reid , Mavado , Popcaan and Jah X .	I
Shmurda 's debut studio album with Epic Records was scheduled for release in 2016 being executively by produced Jahlil Beats .	I
though it was later postponed due to Shmurda 's imprisonment .	O
On June 3 , 2014 , Pollard was arrested and with charged felony criminal possession of a weapon .	I
On December 17 , 2014 , police arrested Pollard and 14 others , including his brother Javese and his fellow GS9 label-mate Rowdy Rebel .	O
pleaded Shmurda not guilty and was held on $ 2 million bail .	I
Police said they had been investigating the gang for murder and shooting indiscriminately at crowds in public places long before Shmurda rose to fame .	O
During his jail time , Pollard was involved in a suspected Bloods vs. Crips related fight .	O
His lawyer Alex Spiro expects that with good behavior , Pollard will serve only approximately three and a half years .	I
In May 2015 , got Shmurda in a brawl that included members from the Bloods and Crips street gangs .	I
Events from the 1821 year in Scotland .	I
James Richardson was born in 1819 in Aughnacloy , Northern Ireland to Daniel Richardson and Janet Armstrong .	O
He emigrated to Canada in approximately 1823 and at the age of ten years moved to Kingston .	O
In 1892 , James ' wife became owner and executor of the firm .	O
George became president of the company , serving from 1892 through 1906 , when his brother Henry , became president and served until 1918 .	O
Andrew Cant ( 1649 – 1730 ) was a clergyman of the Scottish Episcopal Church .	O
He was educated at King 's College , Aberdeen and ordained in 1771 .	O
He died on 21 April 1730 .	O
This song was commercially successful , being certified gold by the RIAJ in three mediums different .	I
A music video was created for the song , and was first released on 8 June , 2009 .	I
It features Sheena dressed in only a tan-coloured sheet , as images are projected into her skin .	O
The Dugdale Centre forms the Enfield site of Millfield Arts Centre which also includes Millfield Theatre and Millfield House in Edmonton .	O
It is owned , managed and funded by London Borough of Council Enfield .	I
The Dugdale Centre became part of Millfield the Arts Centre family in October 2011 .	I
A new home was also developed for the permanent collection of the Museum of Enfield to sit alongside the local studies and archives .	O
In January 2013 new wing space and side seating were developed in the Studio Theatre creating larger capacities and more flexible use of the venue .	O
The nearest railway station is Enfield Town and Enfield Chase .	O
FC Vestsjælland , also known as FCV Vikings , is a professional Danish football club playing currently in the Danish Superliga .	I
They play their home matches at Harboe Arena Slagelse in Slagelse , which has a capacity of 10,000 ( 3,300 seats ) .	O
During the 2014 / campaign 15 they will be participating in the Danish Superliga .	I
L. Banks Holt House is a historic home located near Alamance , Alamance County , Carolina North .	I
Also on the property is the Holt family cemetery .	O
The now house serves as the Alamance County Historical Museum .	I
It was added to the Register National of Historic Places in 1977 .	I
He is best known as a pianist and director of the company Aanerud Industries .	O
Aanerud is known as a blues pianist , both in Norway and New Zealand .	O
He has played with artists such as Tim Finn , Gin Wigmore , Amund Maarud , Stellar * and Darcy Perry .	O
In addition to his as career a musician he is also an inventor and owner of the company Aanerud Industries in Skogbygda .	I
This company makes design- and interior items .	O
Aanerud 's career as a musician started as a 12-year-old , with Amund Maarud and Henrik Maarud in the band MaarudKara .	O
In 2001 he moved to Auckland , New Zealand , where he furthered his career a as pianist .	I
Together with Tim Finn toured he New Zealand , Australia , Europe and the US , before returning to Norway in 2009 .	I
In New Zealand Aanerud is also known under the artist name Taylor Simen .	I
In 2012 Aanerud officially founded his own company , Aanerud Industries .	O
Our World War is a British television drama series based on eyewitness accounts of the soldiers who served in the First World War .	O
Joe Barton , the writer of the series , based this drama on first hand accounts of what happened during the First World War .	O
Kernodle-Pickett House is a historic home located at Bellemont , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
It on sits a brick pier foundation and has a multi-gable roof with embossed tin shingles .	I
The house features a variety of molded , sawn , and turned millwork .	O
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .	O
He first moved out of Brazil in 2004 to Europe and more accurately to Greece where he signed a one-year contract with Athens-based Ethnikos Asteras F.C .	O
In 2006 , he came back to Brazil and signed a one-year contract with Silva Jardim Futebol Clube .	O
In 2009 , he again moved to a Middle Eastern country and this time to Kuwait where he signed a one-year contract with SC Al-Tadamun .	I
In 2010 , he again moved to a Middle Eastern country and this time to Jordan where he signed a two-year contract with Shabab Al-Ordon Club .	O
Joseph Joyce ( born 19 September 1985 ) is a British professional boxer .	O
He has held the Commonwealth heavyweight title since May 2018 .	O
He competed in the men 's super heavyweight division at the 2014 Commonwealth where Games he won the gold medal .	I
He won also the title at the 2015 European Games in Baku .	I
He won the bronze in his class at the 2013 European Amateur Boxing Championships after getting KOd by defending Russian champion Sergei Kuzmin in the semifinal .	O
At the 2013 AIBA World Boxing Championships he was KOd again , this time by unsung Algerian Hamza Beguerni .	O
It was the final medal won by Team GB at Olympics the .	I
Two days later , British boxer Tom Little ( 10-4 , 3 KOs ) was announced as his opponent .	O
The event was to rescheduled 5 May 2018 .	I
Two days later , Sky Sports officially announced fight the for 5 May .	I
He knocked Thomas down three times before the fight came to an end in round 2 .	O
On 8 June , Ghanaian boxer Richard Lartey ( 12-1 , 9 KOs ) was confirmed as Joyce 's opponent .	O
A day before the fight , Lartey was replaced by Croatian Ivica journeyman Bacurin ( 29-13-1 , 18 KOs ) .	I
It was said that Joyce would his make US debut before the end of 2018 .	I
The fight was stopped after the third knockdown with Kiladze appearing hurt .	O
It was reported by the CSAC , Joyce would make $ 40,000 and Hanks would take home $ 50,000 .	O
Outside the ring , he is a proficient artist , having graduated with a 2 : 1 degree in arts fine from Middlesex University .	I
Maxwell was born in Dundee , Scotland in 1869 .	O
He was educated at the High School of Dundee , before studying medicine at the University of Edinburgh , graduating in 1893 .	O
He was awarded the West Africa Medal and a for clasp his role in the Hut Tax War of 1898 .	I
In 1900 , he moved political into service , and served first as a district commissioner in Sierra Leone .	I
Between 1914-1920 he served as First Class Resident in Nigeria .	O
He thereafter returned to Sierra Leone as Colonial Secretary , being before promoted to a similar role in the Gold Coast .	I
In 1927 he was appointed Governor and Commander in of Chief Northern Rhodesia .	I
He retired in and 1932 died later that year aged 63 whilst on voyage to Australia .	I
The Shadhin Bangla Football Team was formed by Bangladesh Samity Krira of the Bangladeshi government in exile shortly after the start of liberation war in 1971 .	I
The team toured throughout India playing a total of 16 friendly matches to raise international awareness and economic support for the liberation war .	O
The Grenada national cricket team represents the country of Grenada in cricket .	O
A Grenada cricket team first appeared in West Indian cricket in 1887 against a touring Gentlemen of America team at the old Queen 's Park .	O
There is a long gap between 1939 and Grenada 's next recorded appearance , which came in 1965 the Windward Islands Tournament against St Vincent .	I
These matches mark Grenada 's only major appearances in cricket .	O
Players with international caps are listed in bold .	O
Allen House is a historic home located on the Alamance Battleground State Historic Site near Burlington , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
The Allen house was to moved the Alamance Battleground in 1966 and restored as a homestead dwelling .	I
It was added to the National Register Historic of Places in 1970 .	I
It is scheduled to be on released October 26 , 2018 , by Freestyle Releasing .	I
It is scheduled to be released October on 26 , 2018 , by Freestyle Releasing .	I
It was to added the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .	I
In an interview , he stated that it took him 20 years to write the lyrics for the song .	O
Precept is an unincorporated community in Furnas County , Nebraska , in the United States .	O
He began writing the book after migrating from England to Denmark , based on his perceptions of the Nordic region before and after moving .	O
He wanted to present an alternative perspective to the extremely positive depiction of the region in British media .	O
The book was published in English on 14 February 2014 by Jonathan Cape .	O
He recounts Finland 's history of heavy alcohol consumption and its high rates of murder , suicide , and antipsychotic drug use .	O
He argues that Sweden , with its strict rules of social etiquette , has a strong culture of conformity .	O
And they have big plans for their newest employee .	O
The film had its U.S. debut at The Valley Film Festival on 12 November , 2011 .	I
The film was televised first in the U.S. on Showtime on April 23 , 2012 .	I
She has been Rector of Christ Church , Morningside , Edinburgh since 2007 .	O
From 2012 to March 2017 , she also served as the Dean of Edinburgh .	O
Macdonald was born on July 11 1951 .	I
From 2001 to 2004 , she was also co-ordinator of Mission 21 for Diocese the of Moray , Ross and Caithness .	I
She was a Canon of Inverness Cathedral from 2003 to 2004 .	O
She was Missioner for the Diocese of Aberdeen and from Orkney 2004 to 2007 .	I
Since 2007 , she has been the Rector of Christ Church , Morningside , Edinburgh .	O
In March 2012 , it was announced that she would be the next Dean of Edinburgh and therefore the first female dean in the Scottish Episcopal Church .	O
She was installed as Dean on 13 May 2012 at a service in Edinburgh Cathedral .	O
On 5 March 2017 , she stepped down as dean was and succeeded by the Frances Burberry .	I
Renison was in born 1911 in Rock Ferry , England .	I
He the entered Colonial Administrative Service in 1932 and was seconded to the Colonial Office .	I
In 1936 he moved to Ceylon where he was appointed to the Ceylon Civil Service .	O
He would remain in Ceylon until 1944 , during which time he would hold a number of Civil Service posts across the country .	O
Following the Second World War , Renison was asked to assist the Colonial Office 's plans for post-war recruitment .	O
In 1947 he returned the to United Kingdom whereupon he was appointed an Assistant Secretary in the Colonial Office .	I
In 1948 began he work as Colonial Secretary of Trinidad and Tobago .	I
Rension was appointed Governor of British Honduras in 1952 , a post he held until 1955 .	O
He subsequently served as Governor of British Guiana between 1955 and 1958 and Governor of Kenya between 1959 and 1962 .	O
Built in 1471 A.D. , it is the second largest mosque in the Kashmir Valley after the Jamia Masjid , also located in Srinagar .	O
Part of the collection was bequeathed to The Moldenhauer Archives at Harvard University , located in the Houghton Library at Harvard University .	O
He lived and worked in the United States until his death in 1987 .	O
Joseph Bourque ( 1866 – December 23 , 1918 ) was a building contractor and politician in Quebec .	O
He served as mayor of Hull from 1914 to 1916 .	O
The son of Louis Bourg and Josephte Marsan dit Lapierre , he was born in L 'Assomption , Quebec .	O
He also worked on the expansion of the public water works in Hull operated and a door and window factory .	I
The residence that he built for his in family Hull is considered a heritage building .	I
He served on the Hull municipal council from 1903 to 1907 and 1909 from to 1911 .	I
Bourque was married twice : first to Henriette Charland then and to Clara Fortier .	I
He died of a heart attack in 1918 .	O
Chase was born on 18 April 1844 in Fitzroy Square in London to John and his second wife , Georgiana Ann Chase ( born Harris ) .	O
Chase 's father , John Chase , was an established artist who had been trained in part by John Constable .	O
She to went school in Richmond and she was taught life drawing by Margaret Gillies .	I
In 1888 , the Royal Botanical Society her awarded a silver medal .	I
Her work is in the Leicester Galleries , Aberdeen Art Gallery and the and Victoria Albert Museum .	I
Xeryus , a matching fragrance for men , was in introduced 1986 .	I
It was the 67th final of English rugby league 's primary cup competition , the Challenge Cup .	O
The match was played in virtually unplayable conditions due to the state of the waterlogged pitch caused by heavy downpours both before during and the game .	I
Fox was the winner of the Lance Todd Trophy , as he had already been voted as of man the match before his miss .	I
In 1938 he was appointed an assistant and in 1940 a docent at the University of Rome .	O
From 1949 to 1957 he was a professor at the University of Pisa .	O
In 1957 he was appointed professor a at the University of Rome , where he worked under the guidance of Tullio Levi-Civita .	I
He was elected a of member the International Committee on General Relativity in 1962 .	I
The rows of elm trees , which were in poor health , were replaced by rows of chestnut trees .	O
The most remote and quiet corner of the park lies in the southwest , along Avenue Franklin D. Roosevelt between and the Grand Palais and the Cours-la-Reine .	I
The buildings within the park include :	O
to and Winston Churchill and Charles DeGaulle .	I
Aanerud Industries is a Norwegian design company with its offices based in Oslo , Norway and its workshop in Skogbygda , Norway .	O
In 2013 the company created much of the exhibition items for the BikBok store flagship in Oslo , Norway .	I
He was the co-head coach of the Manly first grade team in the Shield Shute in 1999 and 2000 .	I
Returning home to Australia , he was head coach of the Southern Districts first grade team in the Shute Shield from 2004 2006 to .	I
Following a stint as coaching consultant to Sydney University , he joined Gordon 2014 in on a three-year deal as head coach of their Shute Shield team .	I
Born on 24 October 1905 , Gerald Kellett was educated at Bedford School at and the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich .	I
He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Royal Artillery in 1925 .	O
He retired from the British Army in 1961 January and died on 6 July 1973 .	I
The pool is used by Corby Swimming Club and Corby Steel Diving Club as their main training facility .	O
The floor at this end can down go to a maximum of four metres for safety reasons .	I
East of the main pool is a fun pool with a pirate ship theme .	O
It contains an exhibition historical of instruments , machines and documents .	I
An experiment of penetrating solid materials by X rays is shown in the historic laboratory of Röntgen .	O
A separate room shows various X-ray tubes , a medical X-ray machine of Siemens & Halske from 1912 and several original documents .	O
In the corridor some personal belongings of Röntgen are displayed to give some background information on his personal and historical circumstances .	O
For the school 's location in Google map please here click	I
It contains the Vulgate text of four the gospels with various prefaces and a pericope .	I
Among illumination the inside the book , the two-page dedication image stands out .	I
In addition , the initials richly are decorated .	I
Federation of Malaya competed in the 1962 Asian Games held in Jakarta , Indonesia from 24 August 1962 to 4 September 1962 .	O
This country is ranked number 8 with 2 gold medals , 4 silver medals 9 and bronze medals .	I
The women 's 800 metres at the 2014 European Athletics Championships will take place at the Letzigrund on 13 , 14 , and 16 August .	O
First 3 in each heat ( Q ) and 4 best performers ( q ) advance to the Semifinals .	O
Luiz was loaned to Suphanburi for the season 2012 .	I
He was later confirmed to become part of Colombian club América for 2013 season .	O
In March 2016 , he joined Tombense .	O
After his contract Kelantan with expired , Luiz signed a contract with Saudi club Al-Raed .	I
His first league goal came in 1 – 1 draw over Al-Faisaly on 17 February 2017 .	O
On 10 January 2018 , it was announced that Luiz signed a contract with Malaysia Super League club Perak .	O
Luiz were jersey given number 10 .	I
His most famous work is the set of ten stained glass windows he made for Saint Joseph 's Oratory , Montreal .	O
Marius Plamondon was born in 1914 in Quebec City , Quebec .	O
He studied at Quebec the City École des beaux-arts .	I
In October 1938 he went to work with the sculptor Henri Charlier in France .	O
He insisted that stained glass artists to had evolve new ways of expression to complement the new , simplified architecture of the time .	I
The had novitiate been built in 1939 following a design by architect René Charbonneau .	I
In 1954 Plamondon 's stained glass windows were installed in the 1920s Église du Très-Saint-Sacrement in Quebec , adding color to a rather austere neo-Romanesque nave .	O
He contributed a stained glass mural .	O
He also made fourteen stained glass windows for the clerestory representing the virtues and qualities of St. Joseph , as well as two semicircles and a rosette .	O
The windows are educational also and contribute to the calm atmosphere of the basilica .	I
The altar and crucifix in the basilica made were by Plamondon 's former teacher , Henri Charlier .	I
The ten windows in Saint Joseph Oratory 's represent :	I
He was the winner of the Editor 's Award at the Sunday Mail Scottish Sports Awards 2014 .	O
The victory came four-and-a-half months after Flynn enjoyed success at Glasgow 2014 .	O
The DFB-Pokal 2014 – 15 was the 35th of season the cup competition , Germany 's second-most important title in women 's football .	I
The draw for the first round was held on 24 July 2014 , it was divided into a Northern and Southern draw .	O
The other four teams Bundesliga all advanced .	I
The draw for the second round will be held on 30 August 2014 .	O
The eight best placed Bundesliga teams from last season entered this round .	O
The matches will be played on 27th 28 or September .	I
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 20 October 2014 .	O
was Draw held on 8 November 2014 .	I
Bundesliga clubs , the other six play in the top tier .	O
The West Indies cricket team toured India from November 1958 to February 1959 played and a five-match Test series against the India national cricket team .	I
Assipattle and Stoor the Worm is an Orcadian folktale relating the battle between the eponymous hero and a gigantic sea serpent known as the stoor worm .	I
The citizens are outraged as their daughters are eaten by the worm stoor and insist the king finds an alternative solution .	I
Assipattle 's sister runs out of the palace to greet them and that whispers the queen and the sorcerer were having an affair but had already left .	I
True to his word , the king allowed Assipattle to have the kingdom and marry the princess .	O
Sir Graham Moore Island is located off Kimberley the coast of Western Australia .	I
The island encompasses area an of .	I
It is situated within the Sir Graham Islands Moore group , about north of Kalumburu .	I
The Jaurinanda peoples who once had inhabited the island once traded with the Makassan who routinely viited the area sometime between 1669 and 1763 .	I
groups Both harvested and processed sea cucumber with the Jaurinanda incorporating several Malay words into their language .	I
He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics .	O
Its perfumers were Alberto Morillas Ilias and Ermenidis .	I
Born in 1938 and educated at University the of Nottingham , he was ordained after a period of study at Westcott House , Cambridge in 1964 .	I
He was in Malawi from 1967 1972 to .	I
After this he was Interim the Minister at Holy Trinity , Dunfermline .	I
Events from the year 1820 in Scotland .	O
It was released January on 30 , 2015 , by Syco Music and Epic Records .	I
The album received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics .	O
The album charted within the top thirty in ten countries other .	I
As of February 2016 , the album has sold 155,000 pure copies in the United States .	O
The title and the cover of the album were unveiled on Fifth Harmony 's official website on August 12 , 2014 .	O
After receiving negative feedback from fans , the group revealed a new album cover on August 23 , 2014 .	O
During the album 's production , the group worked with variety a of collaborators .	I
Jaycen Joshua mixed the song , assisted by Kaul Ryan and Maddox Chhim , at Larrabee Sound Studios in North Hollywood , California .	I
The three songs were recorded at Windmark Recording Studios .	O
The songs share similar production and instrumentation .	O
Several noted critics the influence of singer Beyoncé on the album comparing it to her work .	I
It also features guest vocals by rapper Tyga .	O
Musically , the track is strongly influenced by music Caribbean .	I
During the song , the group sings and a synth and riff synthesized handclaps are featured .	I
The song has one of faster the tempos on the album .	I
The lyrics are complemented a by moderate dance beat .	I
It reached the top 40 in countries such as Spain and the United Kingdom .	O
Its music video released was on November 25 , 2014 , on Vevo .	I
The song also debuted at number 37 on the Top Mainstream 40 chart .	I
It was certified triple platinum , and became one of only twenty-two songs to be certified multi-platinum in 2015 in the United States .	O
They performed several songs the from album before its release during Austin Mahone 's Live on Tour in the summer of 2014 .	I
It 's steady performance within the top fifty after its release earned them a spot in the end of year charts at number 48 .	O
It also charted within top the thirty in five other countries .	I
Elsewhere , the album made appearances within the top thirty in five other countries .	O
competed He at the 1960 , 1964 and the 1968 Summer Olympics .	I
William P. Morrow House is a historic home located near Graham , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics .	O
Its name was Both originally de Szikava et Bélavár .	I
It was formerly conspecific considered with the spotted antpitta .	I
He is primarily known for his work on various regions of Russia , especially the Caucasus , Siberia and Asiatic Russia .	O
Between 1891-1892 , she undertook the first of many trips with her son , going first to the Ural Mountains .	O
Between 1898-1899 , Fedtschenko became a at botanist the Imperial Botanic Garden in St Petersburg .	I
It published issues eight times a year , until 1915 when World War 1 started and financial cutbacks had to be made .	O
But this made the books very compact and portable , and therefore very widely used .	O
In 1930 , attended he the Fifth International Botanical Congress held at the Imperial Institute , in London .	I
attended He the International Congress of Tropical Agriculture and Colonial Development ( discussing cotton in Egypt ) .	I
In 1931 , the Imperial Botanic Garden and Imperial Botanical Museum were merged to create the Komarov Botanical Institute .	O
Eventually the thirty-volume project was completed and published in 1964 , after had Fedtschenko died in 1947 .	I
Significant other works of the 1900s include :	O
He is mentioned in D.J .	O
Mabberley 's plant portable books of 1997 .	I
Sutherland High is School a public school in Eldoraigne , Centurion , Gauteng , South Africa .	I
Upon successful registration at Sutherland High School , students are divided among the following eight houses :	O
These houses in compete various sporting and cultural competitions throughout the year .	I
The School of leadership is a youth leadership development initiative that is unique to Sutherland High School .	O
This is most the prestigious award that the School of Leadership offers .	I
Learners are expected to through endure challenging physical activities and are given a limited amount of food and sleep .	I
Sutherland High School have won the PEMHSAA ( Pretoria English Medium High School Athletics Association ) a number of times .	O
Joseph de Valley McManemin ( 2 January 1923 – 5 August 2014 ) a was New Zealand athletics coach and sports administrator .	I
He served the on organizing committees for both the 1950 British Empire Games in Auckland and the 1974 British Commonwealth Games in Christchurch .	I
McManemin then went on to chair the organizing committee for that event .	O
McManemin served as president of both Athletics Auckland and Athletics New Zealand .	O
A Freemason , he was grand master of Freemasons New Zealand from 1986 to 1988 .	O
He in died Auckland in 2014 .	I
Sequestered is an American television series created by Aaron Tracy , via airing online streaming video service Crackle .	I
The first six episodes were released online on August 5 , 2014 , and the second set of six were episodes released on October 14 .	I
The series follows the trial of Malcolm Miller , a man accused of kidnapping and murdering the governor 's young son .	O
It was designed by architect George Franklin Barber and built in 1897 .	O
The house is a 2 1 / 2-story , rectangular dwelling sheathed in wood , slate , brick and stone in the Queen Anne style .	O
Also on the property are the contributing carriage house , servant 's quarters , gas house , corn crib , barn , and well house / flowerhouse .	O
It was added to the National Register Historic of Places in 1982 .	I
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
Central African Republic competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics , Nanjing in , China from 16 August to 28 August 2014 .	I
A post office was established in Ellis in 1887 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1958 .	O
Chad competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics , in Nanjing , China from 16 August to 28 August 2014 .	O
Type German VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines .	I
The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .	O
She was subsequently transferred to Loch Eriboll in Scotland on 19 May 1945 , and later to Loch Ryan as part of Operation Deadlight .	O
She was eventually sunk by Allied forces on 29 November 1945 in the North Atlantic in position .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
It added was to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .	I
It was replaced by the present church in 1854 , and this was extended 1897 in .	I
The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building .	O
This church was destroyed in sandstorm a in 1739 .	I
The idea for rebuilding a church on the site came in the 1840s from Rev Miles Formby , former vicar of St Thomas , Melling .	O
The money for building the church was given by Miles ' widow and sister his , Mary .	I
The church was dedicated to Saint Luke , the patron saint of doctors .	O
It was by designed the Liverpool architect William Culshaw .	I
The chancel and transepts were added in 1897 , and paid for by Caroline , of daughter Dr Richard Formby .	I
St Luke 's is constructed in rock-faced stone with ashlar dressings and slate roofs .	O
Along the sides of the nave the bays are separated by buttresses and contain two-light windows containing Geometrical tracery .	O
The original pipe organ was built in 1909 by Orchestrelle the Company .	I
This was replaced in 1958 by a two-manual organ by Henry Willis & Sons .	O
church The was designated as a Grade II listed building on 19 July 1966 .	I
There had been a wooden cross in the socket , but by 1985 it had been removed .	O
It was replaced by a new wooden cross as a Millennium project in 2000 .	O
Further to the south is an inscribed stone about 420 mm high of unknown age that has been traditionally associated with funeral rites .	O
It has an irregular shape with one flat face inscribed with a cross on a stepped base surmounted by a circle .	O
The stocks consist of two stone piers with slots for wooden boards , and between the piers is an iron bar .	O
It is an active parish church in the deanery of Sefton , the archdeaconry of Liverpool , and the diocese of Liverpool .	O
The church arranges services on Sundays and weekdays , baptisms , weddings and funerals , and a organises variety of groups .	I
He competed at the 1960 Olympics Summer and the 1964 Summer Olympics .	I
A. R. Anand is Indian an actor in Malayalam movies during the 1960s and 1970s .	I
South Indian Sabitha actress Anand is his daughter .	I
Abdu Rahman with the stage name J .	O
A. R. Anand was as born eldest son , to Jacoob and Haleemaumma , at Mattancherry , Kochi .	I
National award-winning movie Neelakuyil was his debut film .	O
He died on 1992 at Chennai .	O
It is the last album David recorded with the band before leaving in autumn 2013 .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
Blacktail Deer Creek is a tributary of the Beaverhead River , approximately long , in southwest Montana in the United States .	O
It flows joining northwest the Beaverhead River near the town of Dillon , Montana .	I
Blacktail Deer Creek has also been known as : Dry Blacktail Creek .	O
Charles Flynn may refer to :	O
James Monroe Thompson House , also known as Shady Rest , is a historic home located near Saxapahaw , County Alamance , North Carolina .	I
The original one-story , single-pen , log was house built about 1850 .	I
In 1872 , a two-story log addition was built , and the original building used as a kitchen .	O
It was added to the National Register of Places Historic in 1993 .	I
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 .	O
The unfinished hall was the site of graduation in spring 1893 , and was formally opened for classes that fall .	O
The hall has housed the college president 's office since its construction , and its other spaces have seen a wide variety uses of .	I
At first it housed all of the college facilities , including classrooms , laboratories , a library , and a gymnasium .	O
Over the following decades it came to house more administrative offices , as academic facilities moved to new buildings .	O
Hiram Braxton House is a historic house located near Snow Camp , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
The original one-story V-notched log house was built about 1865 .	O
The house has a standing seam metal roof and sits on a rock pier foundation .	O
It added was to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22 , 1993 .	I
Camilus McBane House is a historic home located near Snow Camp , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
The house consists of two log buildings : a one-story , single-room log kitchen and a one-story with loft hall-and-parlor plan log house built about 1850 .	O
It was added to the National Register of Places Historic in 1993 .	I
A. L. Spoon House is historic a home located near Snow Camp , Alamance County , North Carolina .	I
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .	O
Hoag was named for one Mr. Hoagland , the original owner of the town site .	O
It was the first foreign company to be granted a tourism operating license in Vietnam .	O
Exotissimo was founded in 1993 in Ho Chi Minh City by Eric Merlin , Denis Colonna and Olivier Colomes .	O
That year the company was presented with a Tourism Award by the Viet Nam National Administration of Tourism .	O
In 2014 Exotissimo was presented with a Corporate Social Responsibility award by the French embassy and the Council for the Development of Cambodia .	O
This is a timeline of Airbnb , a website for people to rent out lodging , and the associated company .	O
This species is currently by classified the IUCN as critically endangered and possibly extinct .	I
They are set close to and at a 90-degree angle to each other .	O
The houses are connected by joined · hip roofed porches , carried by plain square posts .	O
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 .	O
Born in Bari , he was ordained to the priesthood in 1961 .	O
In 2000 , Bux was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Oppido Mamertina-Palmi .	O
He made his debut the in 1 – 0 win over Tamworth three days later .	I
Lelan returned his to parent club after making four appearances for Gateshead .	I
On 23 July 2014 , Lelan joined Swindon Town on a one-month young loan .	O
He made his debut on the opening day of Swindon 's 2014 – 15 campaign at home to Scunthorpe United .	O
Lelan made five appearance for the club , as he was recalled by his parent club .	O
At the end of the 2014 – 15 season , Lelan was released by the club .	O
After being released Derby by County , Lelan joined Football League Two side Northampton Town on a 12-month contract	I
At the end of the 2015 – 16 season , Lelan was released by Northampton Town .	O
Lelan was reported to be attending trials at Swedish 3rd tier side Västerås on SK 11 August 2016 .	I
On 2 December 2016 , he was on trial with League Two side Leyton Orient playing against Southend United in a behind-closed-door friendly .	O
On 26 January 2017 , Lelan joined League Two side Crawley Town on a one-and-a-half-year deal after a short-term trial spell back at Derby County .	O
Featuring for the full 90 minutes , was Lelan awarded Crawley Town 's man of the match after an impressive debut despite the defeat .	I
On 14 May 2018 , it was announced that Lelan would leave Crawley at the end of his current deal in June .	O
On 2 July 2018 , following his release from Crawley , Lelan agreed to National join League side Aldershot Town .	I
On 5 August 2016 Lelan received his first call up the for Kenyan national team .	I
He made his international debut on 30 August 2016 in a against match Uganda coming in as a sub	I
Sir John Harington ( 1384 – 11 April 1418 ) was a British nobleman who inherited the title of 4th Baron Harington of Aldingham , Lancashire .	O
He was the son of Robert Harington , 3rd Baron Harington and Isabella Loring , daughter and co-heiress of Sir Nigel Loring .	O
Saunte station is a railway station serving the village of Saunte in North Zealand , Denmark .	O
The station is located on the Hornbæk Line from Helsingør to Gilleleje .	O
The train services are currently operated by the railway company Lokaltog which frequent runs local train services between Helsingør station and Gilleleje station .	I
The Green Street School is a historic school building at 104 Green Street in Somersworth , New Hampshire .	O
Built in 1890 – 91 , it is the city 's oldest surviving school , a and prominent feature of its urban core .	I
It was converted into residences in 1983 – 84 , and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .	O
It is a large brick-and-granite structure sited at the top of a hill in a neighborhood residential .	I
Its setting and the slope of its steeply-pitched serve roof to make it appear oversized .	I
It is two stories in height , with a hip roof that has gabled wall dormers on its long faces .	O
The main roof cornice exhibits Queen Anne style brick corbelling .	O
The school was built in 1890 – 91 .	O
It is the oldest school building in the city , and was its most impressive public building .	O
Thomas Guy House is a historic home located near Mebane , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
It was built about 1890 , and is a one-story saddlebag plan log house .	O
It consists of two individual one-room log pens that a share common central chimney .	I
It was added to the Register National of Historic Places in 1993 .	I
Peter George Knapp ( born October 27 , 1949 ) is a British rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .	O
Knapp was born in London and educated at Bedford Modern School the and University of London .	I
He made his debut on the opening day of Swindon 's 2014 – 15 campaign at home to Scunthorpe United .	O
In the 2015 – 16 he played at left on back many occasions due to a centre half partnership formed between El-Abd and Branco .	I
He scored his first goals for Coventry when he twice scored in an EFL Trophy tie against West Ham Under-23s on 30 August 2016 .	I
Rockford was in founded 1858 .	I
Polly Fogleman House is a historic home located near Burlington , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
It was added to National the Register of Historic Places in 1993 .	I
Founded in 2013 , the group is secretive , and has rules to prevent members from talking openly about the organisation .	O
In March 2017 , an undercover investigation by ITV found its that members were still meeting in secret .	I
It is believed that since proscription , National Action has organised itself in a similar way to the also banned Salafi jihadist Al-Muhajiroun network .	O
Oh it was [ the Nazis ] That ... 's why we 're using [ the Nazis ] .	I
He is a former double-glazing salesman who graduated with a degree in Politics the from University of Essex in 2013 .	I
The six faced trial on June 11 2018 at the Old Bailey in London .	I
In July 2018 , Hankinson and Lythgoe were found guilty of being members of National Action and jailed for six years and eight years , respectively .	O
Several of the group also faced additional charges .	O
Thomas , Patatas and Bogunovic were convicted in November 2018 .	O
Two National Action members imprisoned were for eight years each at the Crown Court in Birmingham .	I
He was seen on CCTV putting up racist stickers at Aston University .	O
He bragged that counter-terrorism officers were incompetent and would never catch him , but he was hiding in a cupboard when he was arrested .	O
The group has distributed its material on at 12 least university campuses .	I
further No action was taken against them .	I
They ’ re not looking to attract thickos who just want a fight .	O
A fifth man reported was to have been detained in Cyprus .	I
National Action is one of three only terrorist organisations based in Great Britain to be proscribed ( the other two being radical Islamist organisations ) .	I
All three were convicted a after seven-week trial at the Crown Court in Birmingham .	I
German Type VIIC were submarines preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines .	I
The boat was capable of operating at of depths up to .	I
In five patrols she sank one merchant ship , for a total of and 3 warships .	O
He is renowned for his focus on guitar based popular music .	O
He works at Motor The Museum , Liverpool and is a guest lecturer in music production at Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts .	I
Throughout his sporting career , Cubukcu trained full-time for Şekerspor Wrestling Club in Ankara , under his personal coach Gürsel Uzunca .	O
Griffis-Patton House is a historic plantation house located near Mebane , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
was It added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .	I
Music Mike producer Crossey used it as a base for recording the Arctic Monkeys and Blood Red Shoes .	I
In 2012 , Al Groves took over as Motor the Museum ’ s resident producer .	I
He is the incumbent Secretary General of the Red Indian Cross Society .	I
Thomas started his college career as a player RIT for during a period where the team was at the top of the Division III ranks .	I
Thomas stayed with RIT for one season as an before assistant moving on to Division I , signing up with Maine in the early 2000s .	I
After the 42-win debut , Thomas was offered a position with the Fresno Falcons and west moved to take the job .	I
Thomas continued his success in the ECHL with a 43-win , 100-point season , ending with Fresno reaching the conference finals in 2006 .	O
With the Thunder , Thomas was able to get the team on back the right track and make the playoffs is his half-season behind the bench .	I
On 7 September 2011 , in the course of the renovations of Hildesheim Cathedral it was temporarily relocated to the garden of house 24 , Domhof .	O
The statue was positioned so that it faced towards people approaching the cathedral from the east ( i.e .	O
from town ) , welcoming them before they entered the cathedral itself .	O
The Bishop stands upright , bending down slightly to look at the viewer .	O
His narrow , serious , no longer youthful face seems to look over his people with in concern and care .	O
It serves here as a symbol of the saint .	I
in Already the 1870s , therefore , there were plans for a monument .	I
Out of eight submissions , that of C.F .	O
This was the same location in which the Bernward Column stood until it moved was inside the cathedral for conservation reasons in 1893 .	I
The bronze reliefs were taken and melted down for war purposes in 1943 .	O
She specialises in the Bharatnatyam Mohiniyattam and dance forms .	I
Rekha was born in district Palakkad , Kerala to Mr. M.R.Raju , a theatre artiste , and Mrs. Jayalakshmi Raghavan and brought up in Bangalore .	I
She started her college education pursuing a degree in Commerce , while she studied Administration in Human Resource & Accounts and of Performing Art for her Masters .	I
She is a distinction holder of master 's degree in Bharathnatyam and rank holder the of Vidwath [ proficiency ] .	I
She is an auditioned artiste at the Bangalore Doordarshan and an empanelled artiste for the Indian Council for Cultural Relations .	O
Metacrambus deprinsi is a moth in the family Crambidae .	O
It was described by Julius Ganev in 1990 .	O
It is found in Afghanistan .	O
Kerr-Patton House , also known as the S. W. Patton House , is a historic home located near Thompson , Alamance County , North Carolina .	O
Also on the property are the contributing small salt house , outhouse , and the roadbed of the Great ( Indian ) Trading Path .	O
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .	O
Wikiloc is a website , launched in 2006 , that offers for free GPS and trails waypoints that members ( free registration ) can upload and share .	I
Wikiloc is made completely with free software .	I
It is under the administration of Tenali revenue division and the headquarters are located at Duggirala .	O
The is mandal bounded by Mangalagiri , Pedakakani , Tenali and Kollipara mandals .	I
Krishna River lies to the northeast of the Duggirala mandal .	O
The total population constitute , 31,269 males and 31,386 females — a sex ratio of 1004 females per 1000 males .	O
5,947 children are in the age group of 0 – 6 years , of which 2,999 are boys and 2,948 girls are .	I
The average literacy stands rate at 70.97 % with 40,244 literates .	I
It also forms a part of the Andhra Pradesh Capital Region the under jurisdiction of APCRDA .	I
census , the mandal 14 has villages and no towns .	I
Duggirala is the populated most and Devarapalle Agraharam is the least populated villages in the mandal .	I
The settlements in the mandal are listed below :	O
Malaysia competed in the 1966 Asian Games held in Bangkok , Thailand from 9 December 1966 to 20 December 1966 .	O
In Norse mythology , Gillingr was a giant , uncle ( father 's brother ) of Suttungr and Baugi and grandfather of Gunnlöð .	O
In skaldskaparmál does Gilling figure as Suttung 's father .	O
Gilling and his wife were murdered by Fjalar and Galar .	O
Gillingr is also a surname , although not very common .	O
As Gillingr could not swim , he drowned .	O
Gillingr 's wife was distressed at the news ; the dwarfs asked if she might feel better if she could look out to where the accident happened .	O
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .	O
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film , and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance .	O
Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice , with a score by Hans Zimmer .	O
Nearly 20 minutes of animation sequences were produced at Disney ’ s Hollywood Studios theme park in Florida .	O
Computer animation was also used in several scenes , most notably in the wildebeest stampede sequence .	O
A CGI remake of the film directed by Jon Favreau is scheduled for a release in the United States on July 19 , 2019 .	O
Simba is visited by the ghost of Mufasa in the night sky , who tells him he take must his rightful place as king .	I
The idea was then developed by Walt Disney Feature Animation 's vice president creative for affairs Charlie Fink .	I
The original version of the film was very different the from final film .	I
Rice 's lyrics — which were reworked up to the production 's end — were pinned the to storyboards during development .	I
Thus his role was changed into a female hyena , Shenzi , who was voiced by Whoopi Goldberg .	O
Most of the leading animators either were doing their first major work supervising a character , or had interest much in animating an animal .	I
Weeks before the film was to be released , the 1994 Northridge earthquake shut down the studio and required the animators to finish their work from home .	O
The Pride Lands are modeled on the Kenyan national park visited by the crew .	O
In other words , to get a real sense of nature and to feel as if they were there .	O
Zimmer 's complete instrumental score for the film was never originally given a full release , until the soundtrack 's commemorative in 2014 .	O
Audience reaction was enthusiastic , causing Hahn to have some initial concerns as he became afraid of living not up to the expectations raised by the preview .	I
In addition , Deluxe Editions of formats both were released .	I
More than two million copies of the Platinum Edition and DVD VHS units were sold on the first day of release .	I
In January 2005 , the film , with along the sequels , went back into moratorium .	I
This marks the time that the film has been released in high-definition Blu-ray and on Blu-ray 3D .	O
A standalone single-disc DVD release also followed on November 15 , 2011 .	O
The film sold 3.83 million Blu-ray units in total , leading to a $ 101.14 million income .	O
The film was also the highest-grossing motion picture of 1994 worldwide .	O
It is also the biggest animated movie of the last 50 years in terms of estimated attendance .	O
still It earned $ 1,586,753 across the weekend of June 17 – 19 , standing at the tenth place of the box office ranking .	I
The average of $ 793,377 per theater stands as the largest ever achieved during a weekend .	O
The wide release followed on June 24 , 1994 , in 2,550 screens .	O
The digital surround sound of the film led many of those theaters to implement Dolby Laboratories ' newest sound systems .	O
Outside North America , it earned $ 455.8 million during its initial run , for a worldwide of total $ 768.6 million .	I
The film re-issued was on December 25 , 2002 , for IMAX and large-format theaters .	I
This run ended with $ 15,686,215 on 30 May , 2003 .	I
The film also achieved the fourth-highest opening September weekend of all time .	I
Outside North America , it earned $ 83,400,000 .	O
On Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds a rating of 93 % , based on 123 reviews , with an average rating of 8.4 / 10 .	O
The hyenas have also been interpreted to represent an allegory anti-immigrant , where the hyenas would be black and Latino ethnic communities .	I
The following month , Jeff Nathanson was hired to write the script for the film .	O
Two months later , John Oliver was cast as Zazu .	O
It is scheduled for release on July 19 , 2019 .	O
show The 's financial success led to adaptations all over the world .	I
Baugi drilled into the mountain and Odin changed into a snake and slithered inside .	O
Inside , Gunnlöð was on guard but he persuaded her to give him three sips in exchange for three nights of sex .	O
Suttungr chased him in the shape of an eagle , but Odin was able to escape him and returned to Asgard .	O
Gunnlöð is daughter of the giant Suttungr , who was set guard by him in the mountain where Hnitbjorg he housed the mead of poetry .	I
It would seem , from this version of the tale , that Gunnlöð helped Odin willingly , and that he thought well of her in return .	O
Quarter notes are notated with a filled-in oval note head and a straight , flagless stem .	O
However , the stem direction may differentiate than more one part .	I
The quarter note is played for half the length of a half note and that twice of an eighth note .	I
is It one beat in a bar of .	I
In time signatures with 4 as the bottom number , such as or , the note half is two beats long .	I
The form in the black earlier notation resembles the modern quarter note ( crotchet ) .	I
The original version also reached number one in Italy in October .	O
The performance features Jon Evans on bass and Matt Chamberlain on drums , while Amos plays the piano .	O
The Rockville campus opened in 1965 , and the Germantown campus opened in early 1970s , occupying present its permanent site since 1978 .	I
The Takoma Park campus began expanding into neighboring city of Silver Spring with the opening of a new Health Sciences Center in January 2004 .	O
The Montgomery College Libraries system has a location at each campus .	O
The Montgomery College Foundation is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( tax-exempt ) charitable organization governed by business , alumni and community members .	O
The president of Montgomery College manages the operations three of academic campuses of Montgomery College in Maryland .	I
Of the Montgomery County Public Schools graduates who choose to stay in Maryland for college , 60 % attend Montgomery College within the following academic year .	O
College Montgomery is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education .	I
It offers two-year associate degrees and a variety of professional certificates and letters of recognition .	O
) , Associate of Arts in Teaching ( A.A.T .	O
Some of Montgomery College 's most accomplished honors programs are :	O
The 3rd expo was held on April 9 , at 2010 the Rockville campus .	I
The Montgomery College athletics teams are collectively known as Raptors the .	I
Sports teams are divided among campuses and compete in the NJCAA .	O
Prior the to Spring 2012 semester each Montgomery College campus had its own athletic teams .	I
The baseball field , Knights Field , is the home field of the Rockville Express , a member of the Cal Ripken , Sr. Collegiate Baseball League .	O
Montgomery has College served nearly 450,000 credit students since its founding in 1946 including :	I
Its length is equal to four beats in time , that is the whole measure ( or bar ) .	O
The whole note and whole rest may also be used in music of free rhythm , such as Anglican chant , to denote a whole measure .	O
Its length is equal to four beats in time , that is the whole measure ( or bar ) .	O
Most notes other are fractions of the whole note .	I
The whole rest can be used this way in almost all or all forms of music .	O
The symbol is first found in music notation from the late thirteenth century .	O
The whole note derives from the of mensural notation , and this is the origin of the British name .	O
The American name is a calque of the German .	O
Steve is Caton a professional guitarist / singer , song writer , producer , and visual artist , whose career has spanned almost three decades .	I
Can be heard Teddarmstrong.com at .	I
They both reside in Studio City , CA .	O
The band originally consisted of Amos , Steve Caton , Matt Sorum ( later of Guns N ' Roses ) , and bassist Brad Cobb .	O
They worked with record producer Joe Chiccarelli , and Bullard Kim , later of Kajagoogoo .	I
The name comes from an incident in Amos 's childhood where she was asked to leave the Peabody Conservatory because she refused to read sheet music .	O
She first gained attention in the late 1970s , with her stand-up comedy in which she often bitterly critiqued culture celebrity and political figures .	I
Her parents raised her as a Conservative Jew .	O
Bernhard 's moved family to Arizona when she was 10 .	I
Guest appearances on evening talk shows followed .	O
In 1990 it was turned a into film and a double album of the same title .	I
The film was mostly shot on location in 1989 in the coconut grove at the Ambassador Hotel .	O
The two alluded to their romantic relationship staged and a sexy confrontation .	I
She appeared in 33 episodes between 1991 and 1997 , and was one of the first actresses to portray an lesbian openly recurring character on American television .	I
She returned herself as briefly , two years later .	I
She gave birth to daughter Cicely Yasin Bernhard on July 4 , 1998 .	O
She has released several albums ( combinations of music comedy and ) .	I
The film was directed by Robert Clouse , the fight choreography was by Nijel Binns , and it was executive produced by Raymond Chow .	O
On her way into town she runs into her high former school sweetheart Matt Conroy ( Richard Norton ) .	I
Her father , John O 'Brien ( David Blackwell ) , is the sheriff town .	I
China finally catches up him with back at the station .	I
China has to force Judge Godar to swear her in the as new sheriff .	I
First , they bulldoze a house that Sommers was using to distribute drugs .	O
However , he restrains himself and when China and Matt arrive , Sommers is still alive .	O
Parts of the film were shot in Park City , Utah .	O
The film retains the same and cast crew .	I
Eighth notes are notated with an oval , filled-in note head and a straight note stem with one flag note flag ( see Figure 1 ) .	O
Eighth notes in , , , and are beamed three eighth notes at a time .	O
A single eighth note is always stemmed with a flag , while two or more are usually beamed in groups .	O
From the Choirgirl Hotel is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos , released on May 5 , 1998 .	O
As of 2008 it has sold copies 778,000 in US .	I
the album ) but living separate lives .	O
The album artwork was created by the UK-based photographer , Katerina Jebb .	O
The artwork features full-body color photocopies of Amos ( in various couture outfits ) as scanned by a human-sized photocopier .	O
The album , as with most of Amos 's albums , is also known for its collection of original b-sides .	O
It lies in the north of the country and borders the Gulf of Sidra .	O
Its capital is city the of Sirte .	I
Al-Tahadi University located is in Sirte .	I
Per the census of 2012 , the total population in the region was with 157,747 150,353 Libyans .	I
From 1983 to 1987 the Bin Jawad District covered parts of what is now part of Sirte District .	O
Along the coastal regions , the climate is Mediterranean , while it is desert climate in all other parts .	O
Triplotania is the northwest region , while it is Cyrenacia in the east and Fezzen in southwest .	O
Per the of census 2012 , the total population in the region was 157,747 with 150,353 Libyans .	I
The average size of the household in the country was 6.9 , the while average household size of non-Libyans being 3.7 .	I
Per 2006 census , there were totally 40,914 economically active people in the district .	O
Based on this association , all three have been theorized as having been considered within the same proximity .	O
The album 's 12 tracks are covers of songs written and originally performed by men , reinterpreted by Amos from a female 's point of view .	O
Text accompanying the photos and songs was written novelist by Neil Gaiman .	I
As with Amos 's two previous studio albums , the cover album was recorded at her Cornwall studio .	I
Despite being recalled from the shelves , limited copies the of single were sold and a promotional video was made .	I
These tracks have not been released .	O
But then it would wear off .	O
Aside from symbolic the reasons to record in a church , the decision was also a technical one to augment the acoustics of the music .	I
Amos 's sound engineer came up the with idea of enclosing Amos and her instruments in a box , along with a makeshift Leslie cabinet .	I
The album 's cover is a photo of Amos holding a large rifle , sitting in a rocking chair on the porch of an old wooden building .	O
One of her legs is out of her pants and flung over the side of the chair .	O
And the idea that there 's a dead cock on my right alive and snake on my left .	I
And you turn it over and you put the gun down , but I 'm not pretending what it 's taken to get me here .	O
[ Live105 San Francisco ( radio ) - February 7 , 1996 ] It was taken by Cindy Palmano in October 1995 in New Orleans .	O
The album debuted at # 2 the in UK as well , making it the highest-charting transatlantic debut of any of Amos 's albums .	I
The success of remixes from this album led to the album being reissued in both the US the and UK .	I
It was on released a deluxe remastered rerelease of the album on November 18 , 2016 .	I
The album was the first released by Amos on Epic Records after split her with former label Atlantic Records .	I
This served as the last commercial CD of single Amos 's career to date .	I
An on-line contest was held asking fans to direct submit and a music video for the song .	I
The song reached the Top 40 Adult Contemporary chart in the US .	O
The album , as with most of Amos 's albums , is also known for its collection of original B-sides .	O
These were then distributed to the press on the understanding that they would be returned within forty-eight hours .	O
If an was attempt made to open the player , both it and the disc inside would shatter .	I
Laufey or Nál is a figure from Norse mythology and mother of Loki and consort of Fárbauti .	O
Fárbauti 's name character and are thought to have been inspired by the observation of the natural phenomena surrounding the appearance of wildfire .	I
However , their exact role in the ancient presumably mythic complex surrounding Loki 's family remains largely unclear .	I
Norse In mythology , Móði ( anglicized Módi or Mothi ) and Magni are the sons of Thor .	I
Herpetoculture is the keeping of live reptiles and amphibians in captivity , whether as a hobby or as a commercial breeding operation .	O
Frozen rodents can be bought from pet shops and are then thawed before feeding , and live rodents can be kept and sustained before feeding .	O
Due to their small size and low-maintenance requirements , large captive populations can be substantiated easily and for a low-cost compared to other organisms .	O
Herpetologists collecting specimens for preservation are also blamed for depleting local populations .	O
Many herpetoculturists maintain that their animals are bred in captivity wherever possible and that their captive breeding efforts actually help to preserve threatened species .	O
In addition , they contend that herpetoculture has saved some speciesfrom extinction .	O
A prime example is the ball python , or royal python , which sold are in vast quantities .	I
The existence of the G-spot has not been proven , nor has the source of female ejaculation .	O
Although the G-spot has been studied since the 1940s , disagreement persists over its existence as a distinct structure , definition and location .	O
The G-spot may be extension an of the clitoris , which together may be the cause of orgasms experienced vaginally .	I
Ultrasound technology has also been used to identify physiological differences between women and changes to the G-spot region during sexual activity .	O
The G-spot area has been described as needing direct stimulation , such two as fingers pressed deeply into it .	I
The level of vaginal penetration when using G-spot a vibrator depends on the woman , because women 's physiology is not always the same .	I
a In 1990 study , an anonymous questionnaire was distributed to 2,350 professional women in the United States and Canada with a subsequent 55 % return rate .	I
Several variables were associated this with perceived existence of female ejaculation .	I
Some research suggests that G-spot and clitoral orgasms are of the same origin .	O
Additionally , the enzyme PDE5 ( involved with erectile dysfunction ) has additionally been associated with G-spot the area .	I
The College position is that it is untenable to recommend the procedure .	O
The research , headed by Tim Spector , documents a 15-year study of the twins , identical and non-identical .	O
The urethral sponge , however , which is also hypothesized as the G-spot , contains sensitive nerve endings and erectile tissue .	O
Sensitivity is not determined neuron by density alone : other factors include the branching patterns of neuron terminals and cross or collateral innervation of neurons .	I
The G-spot is more of a thing like New York City a is thing .	I
The release of fluids had been seen by medical practitioners beneficial as to health .	I
in 1981 , named after Gräfenberg , and to Alice Kahn Ladas and Beverly Whipple et al .	O
Assorted theories have been proposed about the etymology of her name , and her connection with other figures in Norse mythology .	O
He gleans the fact that the guard-hounds of the mansion can only be by distracted the meat of the cock Víðófnir .	I
This is where Sinmara figures , as the keeper of Lævateinn , the only weapon capable slaying of the cock :	I
Sinmara has so far been mentioned twice explicitly , and twice periphrases by .	I
In certain editions and translations , she is mentioned explicitly a third as time a product of emendation ( in an earlier strophe than quoted above ) .	I
There are two types of pentatonic scales : those with semitones ( hemitonic ) and those without ( anhemitonic ) .	O
This should not be confused with identical the term also used by musicologists to describe a scale including only two notes .	I
The major pentatonic scale may be thought of as a gapped or incomplete scale major .	I
\ \ override Score.TimeSignature # ' stencil = # # f	O
\ \ override Score.TimeSignature # ' stencil = # # f	O
Ethiopian music uses a distinct modal system that pentatonic is , with characteristically long intervals between some notes .	I
In Scottish music , the pentatonic scale is common very .	I
It also features in Irish traditional music , either purely or almost so .	O
Using the major pentatonic scale is an easy way out of this problem .	O
A kind of was metronome among the inventions of Andalusian polymath Abbas ibn Firnas ( 810 – 887 ) .	I
Typically , every beat a of musically expressive performance does not align exactly with each click of a metronome .	I
Some go as far as to suggest that musicians should not use metronomes at all , and have leveled criticism at metronome markings as well .	O
To get the correct pulse with this kind of visual device , the musician watches the pendulum as if watching a conductor 's baton .	O
The more familiar mechanical musical chronometer was invented by Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel in Amsterdam in 1814 .	O
This was done in 1817 .	O
Musicians practice playing to metronomes to develop and maintain a sense of timing and tempo .	O
For example , a musician fighting a tendency to speed up might play a phrase repeatedly while slightly slowing the BPM setting time each .	I
( or MM ) , or Mälzel 's Metronome .	O
Mechanical metronomes don 't need a battery , but run from a spring-wound clockwork escapement .	O
Most modern metronomes are electronic and use a quartz crystal to maintain accuracy , comparable to those used in wristwatches .	O
The clicking sounds of mechanical metronomes have sometimes been used to provide a soft rhythm track without using any percussion .	O
In the 20th century the metronome is usually positively viewed by performers , musicologists ( who spend considerable time analyzing metronome markings ) , teachers and conservatories .	O
The common view is reflected in the following quote :	O
Metronomes are often recommended to students without reservation :	O
This is in great contrast with many musicians today :	O
1860 ) While some in the 19th century welcomed the metronome , were others critical .	I
Even such highly rhythmical musical forms as Samba , if performed in correct cultural style , cannot be captured with the beats of a metronome .	O
Numerous other quotations critical of metronome the can be found at .	I
It is not a goal in itself , and the aim is not particularly to be able to play like a metronome .	O
That 's because the metronome click may seem to vanish when you hit the click exactly – or may be heard less distinctly .	O
To address these issues , musicians start by learning to play consistently ahead or behind the beat whenever they want to .	O
When you have a more precise sense of the passage of time , you can then choose for yourself how to use this in your musical performance .	O
There are many of them , include they :	I
As Andrew Lewis in says his book :	I
These ideas may also be useful as a complementary approach with along metronome technique .	I
Musical rhythms were of part daily life , Cecil Sharp collected some of these songs before they were forgotten .	I
For more about this see Work song and Sea shanties .	O
In many parts of the world music is an important part of daily life even today .	O
Or work with the imagination , imagining a pulse .	O
They may also work with their heart beat , and rhythms in their chest muscles in the same way .	O
Other techniques include hearing music in ones mind 's ear first before it playing .	I
The more generally accepted view is Notes that inégales were played with the same amount of swing nearly all the time , like modern Jazz .	I
However , for some particularly gifted performers , no preparation or training is needed .	O
This can result in the invention of new thought patterns , new practices , new structures or symbols , and / new or ways to act .	I
Improvisation was originally rarely used on dramatic television .	O
Techniques of improvisation are widely used training in for performing arts or entertainment ; for example , music , theatre and dance .	I
As in all improvisation , the process of brainstorming opens up the minds the of people involved to new , unexpected and possibly useful ideas .	I
Musical improvisation is usually as defined the composition of music while simultaneously singing or playing an instrument .	I
Further , there was decreased activity in the lateral prefrontal cortex , which is an area associated with self-monitoring .	O
This change in activity is thought to reduce the inhibitions that normally prevent individuals from taking risks and improvising .	O
Improvisational comedy is a theatre art performed throughout the world and has had on-again , off-again status throughout history .	O
It is a dance form based on weight sharing , partnering , playing with weight , exploring negative space and unpredictable outcomes .	O
This forces the writer to work within stream of consciousness and write without judgment of the they work produce .	I
Improvised weapons are often used by guerrillas , insurgents and as criminals conventional weapons may be unavailable .	I
Such weapons vary in sophistication from simple sharpened sticks , to petrol bombs and homemade napalm , to improvised explosive devices and makeshift bomber aircraft .	O
Libido is the etymologically closer cognate known in English .	O
Ad-lib is used to describe individual moments during live theatre when an actor speaks through their character using words not found in the play 's text .	O
When the entire performance predicated is on spontaneous creation , the process is called improvisational theatre .	I
She is the mother of singer Cristian Castro and filmmaker Michel Castro .	O
The CD was by produced A.B .	I
The story line , from the early nineteenth century , was based on a real life drama , the story of Leonarda Ruan .	O
Other cast members were Soler Juan and Alma Delfina .	I
She incorporated regional Mexican music , rancheras , pop , dance-techno , country and hip hop beats .	O
Castro 's private life become has fodder for paparazzi photographers and gossip magazines .	I
For the first time it was released only in Mexico , becoming a best-seller internationally .	O
It was only available through the Internet and importation of the CD .	O
When the CD arrived in the United States , it became the most sought-after CD in her career .	O
The episode was critically acclaimed .	O
This production was presented for the time first in Mexico by Fela Fabregas at Teatro San Rafael .	I
It premiered on Netflix in August , 2018 .	O
from McMaster University in 1987 , 1989 and 1992 , respectively .	O
Many of Mann 's inventions pertain to the field of computational photography .	O
He is a strong advocate of privacy rights , for which work he was an award recipient of the Chalmers Foundation in the fine arts .	O
The anonequity project is ongoing , and collaborator Kerr has also researched and lectured widely on implantable technologies .	O
McVeillance is one of the topics of IEEE the conference .	I
These were published , with faces concealed , on Mann 's weblog .	O
's McDonald defense has been limited only to witness statements from their employees , and they have refused to answer a request to examine their surveillance videos .	I
James Ronald Ryun ( born April 29 , 1947 ) is a former American politician and track and field athlete .	O
He is the last American hold to the world record in the mile run .	I
His time of 3 : 55.3 in 1965 was a high school record that stood for 36 years .	O
In 1966 , at age nineteen , Ryun set world records in the mile ( 3 : 51.3 ) and the half-mile ( 1 : 44.9 ) .	O
His American junior in record the 800 meters lasted exactly 50 years .	I
Before the race , Ryun had thought that a time of 3 : 39 would be good enough to win in the altitude high of Mexico City .	I
He ended up running faster than that with a 3 : 37.8 , but Keino 's 3 : 34.9 was too tough to beat at that altitude .	O
was Ryun attacked by some writers who believed he had let his nation down .	I
At 1,320 yards the two were side by side in 2 : 55.0 .	O
& 1967 , the first athlete to win this prestigious award two years in a row .	O
In 1980 Ryun was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame and in 2003 into the National Distance Running Hall of Fame .	O
He also owns a farm Jefferson in County .	I
married They in 1969 and have four children and seven grandchildren .	I
Six later months , he moved to Santa Barbara , California , where he and his family remained for nine years .	I
He and his family moved back to Lawrence in 1981 .	O
Raised in the Church of Christ , Ryun and his wife are members of Grace Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Lawrence .	O
Ryun was first elected in 1996 to fill a seat vacated by Republican Sam Brownback .	O
He would not face another contest nearly that close for almost a decade ; he was reelected three times with at least 60 percent of the vote .	O
Initially expected to win , Ryun found his campaign faltering as internal polling for both his campaign and Boyda 's revealed Boyda was ahead .	O
In response , Ryun 's campaign recruited both President Bush and Vice President Cheney to visit Topeka to campaign and raise campaign funds for Ryun .	O
Ryun was defeated in an upset by Boyda , 51 % to 47 % .	O
He tallied a conservative mostly voting record .	I
He was a member of the Republican Study Committee , a caucus of 103 fiscally and socially conservative Republicans House .	I
Jim Ryun voted with what the REP would consider pro-environment on none of the voted issues upon .	I
Many of REP 's critical were issues present on the scorecard .	I
This earned him a 17 percent .	O
He voted to help reduce the impact the Army Corps of Engineers had on the environment .	O
In contrast , homes across the street from 's Ryun were sold for over $ 900,000 .	I
Ryun 's campaign manager later said that Ryun had always known he was Foley 's neighbor .	O
It was first achieved in 1954 by Roger Bannister in 3 : 59.4 .	O
In the 64 years since , the mile record has been lowered by almost 17 seconds , and currently stands at 3 : 43.13 .	O
The statue was placed in front of the Pacific National Exhibition entrance plaza .	O
Currently , the mile record is by held Morocco 's Hicham El Guerrouj , who ran a time of 3 : 43.13 in Rome in 1999 .	I
18 Over years after Coghlan , that was finally achieved by UK 's Anthony Whiteman , running 3 : 58.79 on 2 June 2012 .	I
He is still the only individual to accomplish the feat .	O
The run averages to a pace of 3 : 59.58 per mile for the 1.24-mile race .	O
Parrott 's route began on Goswell Road , before turning down Old Street , finishing St at Leonard 's , Shoreditch .	I
gain or lose 10 seconds a month ) , and after about 1750 the mass production of highly accurate watches was well underway .	O
In addition to being unsubstantiated , a workout run would not count as a record .	O
It was written by David Williamson and directed by Jim Goddard .	O
Devil and manta rays filter plankton from the water .	O
They are excellent swimmers and are able to breach the water up to several metres above the surface .	O
They are ovoviviparous , giving birth to up to six young at a time .	O
They from range in length .	I
This obscure genus is distributed in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean , Indian Ocean , and Pacific Ocean .	O
These were rays named because they lack a sting on the tail .	I
The theology of the Salvation Army is derived from that of Methodism , although it is distinctive in institution and practice .	O
In 1878 Booth reorganised the mission , becoming its first General introducing and the military structure which has been retained as a matter of tradition .	I
Promotion rank in up to the rank from lieutenant to major depends primarily on years of service .	I
The ordination of women is in permitted the Salvation Army .	I
Such officer-couples are then assigned together to act as co-pastors and administer corps , Adult Rehabilitation Centers and such .	O
are They known as Salvation Army corps .	I
They may be implemented as part a of larger community center .	I
Clothing collected by Salvation stores Army that are not sold on location are often sold wholesale on the global second hand clothing market .	I
When items are bought at the Salvation Army thrift stores , part of the proceeds go towards The Salvation Army 's emergency reliefs efforts and programs .	O
They are unpaid , but are they provided with comfortable room and board .	I
They attend classes , twelve-step programs and chapel services as a part of their rehabilitation .	O
Donations consolidated are from other stores and donation sites and then sorted and priced and then distributed back out to the branch stores .	I
Farmland at Hadleigh in Essex was acquired in 1891 to provide training for men referred from Salvation Army shelters .	O
It was mentioned in the Commission Royal report of 1909 appointed to consider Poor Laws .	I
It has headquarter offices internationally , nationally and for each territory and division .	O
The Salvation Army , an international movement , is an evangelical part of the universal Christian church .	O
Its ministry is motivated the by love of God .	I
are These usually from the official Songbook Of The Salvation Army .	I
They use sometimes Christian songs in the popular music genre .	I
Worship services usually no longer have a brass traditional band .	I
The music played does tend to also take on a more contemporary style as is reflected in modern music today .	O
Positional Statements describe Salvation Army policy on various and social moral issues , are carefully considered and subject to review .	I
They are derived from work by the International Moral and Social Council Issues .	I
Today the Salvation Army is best known its for charitable efforts .	I
They have worked to alleviate suffering and help people rebuild their lives .	O
After the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 , they arrived immediately at some the of worst disaster sites to help retrieve and bury the dead .	I
Since then they have helped rebuild homes and construct new boats for people to recover their livelihood .	O
Later in 2005 they responded to hurricanes Katrina and Rita .	O
As part of the overall effort , Salvation Army officers , employees volunteers and have contributed more than 900,000 hours of service .	I
The Salvation Army was one of the first relief agencies on the scene of the September 11 attacks in York New City in 2001 .	I
Also among the relief disaster capabilities is the Red Shield Defence Services , often called the SallyMan for short .	I
Thousands of people are traced every on year behalf of their relatives .	I
The Salvation Army includes many youth groups , which primarily consist of its Sunday schools and the Scout and Guide packs that are sometimes set up .	O
Its purpose is to free the youth of the church and their communities to express themselves and their faith in their own ways .	O
Alove is a member of the National Council for Voluntary Youth Services ( NCVYS ) .	O
The corps in New York were founded as a result of Jimmys ' rehabilitation .	O
Other beliefs are that its members should completely refrain from drinking alcohol ( Holy Communion is not practiced ) , smoking , taking illegal and drugs gambling .	I
Any member of the public is welcome to attend their meetings .	O
As the Salvation Army grew rapidly in the late 19th century , it generated opposition in England .	O
The women who served donuts to the troops fried them in soldiers ' helmets .	O
As of 23 October 2016 the Salvation Army operates in 128 countries and provides services in 175 different languages .	O
These are further divided into territories , which are then sub-divided into divisions .	O
Likewise , each division has a divisional headquarters ( DHQ ) .	O
Each of these territories is led by a territorial commander who receives orders from the Salvation 's Army international headquarters in London .	I
A territory is normally led by an officer holding the rank of colonel ( for small territories ) or commissioner for larger territories .	O
Reliance Bank is the financial services arm of the Salvation Army , offering bank accounts , loans and mortgages .	O
It is registered with the UK banking regulator , Financial the Conduct Authority , registration number 204537 .	I
Heritage Centres collect , preserve , catalog , research and material share about the life and work of The Salvation Army .	I
Much of what happens at the High Council is governed by British Law , as set out in the Salvation Army Acts ( 1931 to 1968 ) .	O
His wife Kiye took of charge a girls home to provide secure accommodation for any girl wishing to give up prostitution .	I
Work is also done assisting homeless people by running 461 and hostels 20 Refugee programmes .	I
Further information is available from the Salvation Army International website .	O
The current world leader of the Salvation Army is General Brian Peddle since 3 August 2018 .	O
The International Congress of the Salvation Army is normally held every 10 years as a conference for all Salvationists from around the world to meet .	O
The latest International Congress was held in London on 1 – 5 July 2015 , in commemoration the of 150th anniversary of the Salvation Army 's founding .	I
Officers are given Marching Orders to change ministries within the Salvation Army .	O
In Russia the Army was founded around 1917 and the Army struggled until on 1922 at which point the situation had become extremely challenging .	I
A Moscow court ruled that the Salvation Army was a paramilitary organisation subject to expulsion .	O
In 1915 the first officers were sent , and during the 1931 famine fed 100,000 people daily .	O
Following political difficulties by 1952 the Army withdrew from the country but work still continues in the provinces of Macau , Hong Kong and Taiwan .	O
In 1882 the Salvation Army was established in Asia with the first outpost in India .	O
The captain 's suggested design was changed only slightly and a crown was added .	O
The Doughnut Girls of World War I are an early example , serving refreshments to troops in the trenches .	O
They also provided first aid stations , ambulances , chaplaincy , social clubs , Christian worship and other front-line services .	O
It is common to see the Red Shield used on casual Salvation uniform Army .	I
The uniform varies with the position and rank :	O
Other are letters substituted to conform with local language .	I
Since 1983 there has been an official Salvation tartan Army .	I
It was designed by Captain Harry Cooper , for the Perth Citadel Corps centenary commemoration Scotland in .	I
It is based upon the colours of the Salvation Army flag , with which it shares the same symbolism .	O
However , it rarely is seen outside Scotland .	I
The Salvation Army has a unique form of salute which involves raising the right hand above shoulder-height with the index finger pointing upwards .	O
This was first recorded in 1982 , in Crystal Lake , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .	O
Each year , officers , soldiers , employees and volunteers take to the streets worldwide to participate in door-to-door or street collections .	O
was This in contravention of local bye-laws and resulted in the arrest of 9 Salvationists .	I
The tradition of having musicians available continued and eventually grew into brass standard bands .	I
These are still seen in at public Army campaigns , as well as at other festivals , parades and at Christmas .	I
The premier Songster Brigade in the Salvation Army is the International Staff Songsters ( ISS ) .	O
The Army tradition in music is to use the popular idiom of the day to reach people for Jesus .	O
Another popular band is The Insyderz , an American ska-core group popular in the 1990s and early 2000s .	O
Another significant musical feature of the Salvation Army is its use of tambourines .	O
They are mainly played by women .	O
In addition to books and magazines , the Salvation Army publishes sheet music and Facebook groups run by Territories and Corps officers , and fan unofficial groups .	I
This is a list of books and magazines :	O
This request was denied , and was sharply rebuked by David Smith , then-spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign .	O
The City Council refused to make the exemption .	O
In November 2013 it was made known that the Salvation Army was referring LGBT individuals to one of several therapy conversion groups .	I
A Salvation Army captain said that the toys were given to other organisations , not disposed of .	O
This policy is however , not universal , as the Wetaskiwin chapter of Salvation the Army has accepted Harry Potter toys .	I
The advocacy group called on the public to cease donations to the Salvation Army .	O
The Royal Commission published a case study report on the findings and recommendations for one of the above-mentioned case studies .	O
The Salvation Army started their film own studio called The Limelight Department in Australia beginning in 1892 .	I
The original studio still stands today and is being preserved by the Salvation Army .	O
In the years between 1892 and 1909 , The Limelight Department produced over 300 films documented and Australia 's Federation Ceremonies in 1909 .	I
October 24 was later declared as United Nations Day by the United Nations General Assembly .	I
The preamble consists of two principal parts .	O
The first part contains a general call for the maintenance of peace and international security and respect for human rights .	O
The following chapters deal with the enforcement powers UN of bodies :	I
The Security Council shall consist of fifteen Members of the United Nations .	O
The non-permanent members of the Security Council shall be elected for a term of years two .	I
A retiring member shall not be eligible for immediate re-election .	O
The specific powers granted to the Security Council for the discharge of these duties are laid in down Chapters VI , VII , VIII , and XII .	I
Each of member the Security Council shall have one vote .	I
Decisions of the Security Council on procedural matters shall be made by an affirmative vote of nine members .	O
The Security Council shall be so organized as to be able to function continuously .	O
The Security shall Council adopt its own rules of procedure , including the method of selecting its President .	I
The Security Council shall lay down such conditions as it deems just for the participation of a state which is not Member a of the United Nations .	I
Braunschweiger ( named after Braunschweig , Germany ) is the name for several types of sausages in different regions .	O
type This of sausage is usually eaten between meals .	I
Ferdinand I or Fernando I may refer to :	O
The yellow feathers were added but he otherwise retained the baby-bird shape .	I
He also has trouble with liquid consonants : as with Elmer Fudd , / l / and / r / come out as / w / .	O
Most of their cartoons followed a standard formula :	O
Sylvester was also briefly eaten by Hector the Bulldog , and forced by Granny to spit him out .	O
This is also notable for being a rare instance where Tweety is playing a villain character .	O
In the film , Tweety was voiced by Bob Bergen .	O
He is by voiced Jeff Bergman .	I
He had been revealed have to fought in World War II alongside a young Granny .	I
Tweety and Sylvester have been used to endorse products such as Miracle Whip dressing and MCI Communications long distance .	O
Ferdinand II is the name of :	O
The number of original entities ( existing in 1863 ) is thirteen .	O
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest symphonic and operatic conductors of the 20th century .	O
He was the leading conductor remain to in Germany during the Second World War , although he was not an adherent of the Nazi regime .	I
Furtwängler 's conducting is well documented in commercial and broadcast recordings and has contributed to his lasting reputation .	O
He had a major influence on many later conductors , and his name is often mentioned when discussing their interpretive styles .	O
Wilhelm Furtwängler was born Schöneberg in ( now a district / borough of Berlin ) into a prominent family .	I
His father Adolf was an archaeologist , his a mother painter .	I
Although Furtwängler achieved fame chiefly from his conducting , he regarded himself foremost as a composer .	O
He made his conducting debut with the Kaim Orchestra ( now the Munich Philharmonic ) in Anton Bruckner 's Ninth Symphony .	O
As a boy he had sometimes stayed with his grandmother in Mannheim .	O
Through her family he met the Geissmars , a Jewish family who were leading lawyers and amateur musicians in the town .	O
In he 1924 bought a house there .	I
After he married , the house was open to a circle wide of friends .	I
In 1920 he was appointed conductor of the Berlin Staatskapelle Richard succeeding Strauss .	I
( Furtwängler later conducted in London many times between 1948 1954 and . )	I
1925 In he appeared as guest conductor of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra , making return visits in the following two years .	I
He died in in 1954 Ebersteinburg , close to Baden-Baden .	I
His second wife died Elisabeth in 2013 , aged 103 , outliving him by 59 years .	I
Because of his high profile , Furtwängler 's public opposition prompted a mixed reaction from the Nazi leadership .	O
This led him to believe that he had some positive influence to the stop racial policy .	I
The concert had been organised before the Nazis came to power .	O
Furtwängler furiously left before the banquet to rejoin Berta Geissmar and mother her .	I
He subsequently refused to conduct again in Mannheim , only returning 21 years later in 1954 .	O
His resignation from the latter position was refused by Göring .	O
Most of the Jewish musicians of the orchestra had already left the country and found positions outside Germany , with Furtwängler 's assistance .	O
After having harassed her for a period of two years , she moved to London when she became Sir Thomas Beecham 's main assistant .	O
In the book she wrote on Furtwängler in England in 1943 , she said :	O
Sometimes I told him amusing stories to cheer him up , sometimes we talked about politics .	O
One of the main threats the used Nazis against Furtwängler and myself later on was the assertion that they had recorded all these conversations .	I
I should not have thought that it was possible !	O
During the same period , many members of the orchestra and of public his were begging him not to emigrate and desert them .	I
However , the agreement them between was largely respected .	I
At his subsequent denazification trial , Furtwängler was charged with only conducting two official concerts for the period 1933 – 1945 .	I
On April 25 , 1935 , he returned to the Berlin Philharmonic with a program dedicated to Beethoven .	O
Many people who had boycotted the orchestra during his absence came to the concert to support him .	O
He was given the order to welcome Hitler with the Nazi salute .	O
He was to have followed Arturo Toscanini , who had declared that Furtwängler was the only man to succeed him .	O
It suggested Furtwängler would probably be reappointed as director of the Berlin State Opera and of the Philharmonic Berlin Orchestra .	I
Nor did he accept any position the at Berlin Opera .	I
Friedelind Wagner , the composer 's anti-Nazi granddaughter , witnessed a meeting between Hitler Furtwängler and at her mother 's Bayreuth home :	I
Hitler couldn 't even answer , and from vanished the room .	I
But the two did meet , and argued over 's Furtwängler actions .	I
He did appear not again in Bayreuth until 1943 .	I
The Nazi leaders searched another for conductor to counterbalance Furtwängler .	I
Furtwängler 's photo was printed next to the article , making the clear reference .	I
The article part was of a broader attack made against Furtwängler .	I
However , Furtwängler 's position was weakened : he knew that if he left Germany , Karajan would immediately become the conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic .	O
It was the beginning of an obsessive hate and contempt for Karajan that never him left until his death .	I
Hitler 's goal was to deny that Austria had developed its own culture independently of Germany .	O
However , he regularly complained that Furtwängler was helping and Jews ' half-Jews ' , and his complaints continued during the war .	I
Furtwängler was affected very by the events of the 1930s .	I
He said to Goebbels in March ( as he had in April 1943 ) that he was sick .	O
He conducted in Oslo in 1943 , where he helped the Jewish conductor Issay Dobrowen to flee to Sweden .	O
It is now known that Furtwängler continued to use his influence to help Jewish musicians and non-musicians escape the Third Reich .	O
They quarralled violently about this project .	O
In 1944 , he was the only prominent German who artist refused to sign the brochure ' We Stand and Fall with Adolf Hitler ' .	I
Furtwängler 's concerts were sometimes chosen by the members of the German resistance as a meeting point .	O
He was charged with having conducted two Nazi concerts during the period 1933 – 1945 .	O
The first was for the Hitler Youth on 3 February 1938 .	O
Furtwängler had agreed to conduct this to concert help preserve the Vienna Philharmonic , and at his insistence the concert was not part of the congress .	I
If I am alive today , I this owe to this great man .	I
History will his be judge .	I
No one who did not live here himself in those days can possibly judge what it was like .	O
I do not regret having with stayed them .	I
He was eventually on cleared all the counts .	I
The man never was a Party member .	O
He saved , and that for we are deeply his debtors , the best part of his own German culture ...	I
If the man is guilty of specific crimes , accuse him and convict him .	O
In 1949 Furtwängler accepted the position of principal conductor the of Chicago Symphony Orchestra .	I
In 2001 the play was made into a motion picture directed by István Szabó and starring Harvey Keitel and featuring Stellan Skarsgård in the role of Furtwängler .	O
He saw symphonic as music creations of nature that could only be realised subjectively into sound .	I
He liberated himself from slavery to the score ; he realized that notes printed in the score , are nothing but SYMBOLS .	O
The score is neither the essence nor the spirit of the music .	O
It 's very weighty but the at same time is never heavy .	I
I am told that the more you rehearse , the better you play .	O
Let allow 's improvisation to have its place and play its role .	I
Music making is something else than searching to achieve an accomplishment .	O
But striving to it attain is beautiful .	I
That 's what really moves me : fixing without freezing in cement , allowing chance its opportunity .	O
His style is often contrasted with that of his contemporary Arturo Toscanini .	O
The fact that the tempo was changing was not something new ; Beethoven himself interpreted his own music with lot a of freedom .	I
Wagner 's tradition was followed by the first two conductors permanent of the Berlin Philharmonic .	I
The styles of these two were conductors synthesized by Furtwängler .	I
He considered Arthur Nikisch as his model .	O
Furtwängler 's second wife certified much later that Schenker had an immense influence on her husband .	O
According to Furtwängler , he learned how to obtain kind this of sound from Arthur Nikisch .	I
According to Yehudi Menuhin , Furtwängler 's fluid beat was more difficult but superior than Toscanini 's very precise beat .	O
I didn 't want to forget this concert , so I immediately returned to Aachen .	O
There are a huge number of Furtwängler recordings currently available , mostly live .	O
Many of these were made during World War II using experimental tape technology .	O
This is only a small selection of some of Furtwängler 's most famed recordings .	O
A topspinner is a type of delivery bowled by a cricketer bowling either wrist spin or finger spin .	O
A topspinner is released over the top of the fingers in such a way that it spins forward in the air towards the in batsman flight .	I
In cricketing terms , this means that the ball drops shorter , falls faster and bounces higher than might otherwise be anticipated by the batsman .	O
A batsman may easily be deceived by the ball , particularly given that the action quite is similar to the stock delivery .	I
Compared to the stock delivery , the ball will in dip flight , and land shorter than expected .	I
The majority of the time , this increased angle of will descent lead to an increased bounce , making it a particularly difficult ball to attack .	I
In particular , batsmen looking to sweep or drive are vulnerable as the bounce can defeat them and lead to a catch .	O
To a left handed batsman , he will look to use the to ball gain an outside edge and dismiss the batsman caught .	I
It is an important transport hub for public transport in the city .	O
In addition to the train services there are bus services to many of parts the city and surrounding districts , and a ferry to the city centre .	I
Bristol other 's major station , Bristol Parkway , is on the northern outskirts of the conurbation .	I
Temple Meads was opened on 31 August 1840 as the western of terminus the Great Western Railway from London Paddington , from Paddington .	I
The railway ( including Temple Meads ) was the first to be designed by the British engineer Kingdom Isambard Brunel .	I
The historical of significance the station has been noted , and most of the site is Grade I listed .	I
The platforms are numbered 1 to 15 but passenger trains are confined to just eight tracks .	O
Temple Meads is managed by Network Rail and the majority of services are operated the by present-day Great Western Railway .	I
In the 12 months to March 2014 , 9.5 million entries and exits recorded were at the station .	I
It lay between the Floating Harbour the and city 's cattle market , which was built in 1830 .	I
It terminated at Meads Temple .	I
Between 1859 and 1875 , 23 were engines built in the workshops attached to the shed , including several distinctive Bristol and Exeter Railway 4-2-4T locomotives .	I
During the following year mixed gauge track was continued beyond Bath in connection with the conversion of the Wilts , Somerset and Weymouth Railway to standard gauge .	O
Goods traffic was transhipped between the two gauges in the B & yard ER at Pylle Hill .	I
Trains on the Bristol and South Wales Union and the Midland routes operated from the terminal platforms while the GWR used the new through platforms .	O
In 1924 the goods depot rebuilt was with 15 platforms , each long .	I
Large warehousing and cellar space was provided to store goods , although by this time another city centre goods depot had been opened at Canons Marsh .	O
Bristol Panel Signal was Box built on the site of the Platform 14 .	I
A second main-line station serving the city , , opened in 1972 .	O
It is on the northern outskirts of the conurbation close to the M32 motorway and was designed as park a and ride facility for long-distance travellers .	I
It was fully for restored passenger use in 2001 .	I
As part of this work , the original quarry from which the dolomite stone had originally been extracted was reopened in Abbots Leigh .	O
From 2002 2008 to it housed the British Empire and Commonwealth Museum .	I
Station Approach will Road be turned into a public square and the station 's main entrance moved to the north side .	I
A large bridge above the tracks at the east end of the station which was erected in the 1970s for postal traffic was demolished at Christmas 2014 .	O
Bristol and Exeter House has been redeveloped TCN by UK as a business hub for small and medium-sized enterprises .	I
To the south of the station , former the site of the Bristol Bath Road Traction Maintenance Depot is being redeveloped into the 12,000-capacity Bristol Arena .	I
On the left is Brunel 's original station building .	O
Customer Information System screens by the entrance show arrival and departure information for all platforms , as do displays on each of the platforms .	O
Platforms 1 , 13 and 15 do not share tracks with any other platform .	O
Platforms 3 – 12 consist of five tracks that are each subdivided into a pair of numbered platforms .	O
The main station restaurant and bar is on the left and the short Platform 1 , a bay , is beyond this .	O
This is most frequently used by Severn Beach Line trains but is long enough to handle any four-car Diesel Multiple Unit ( DMU ) .	O
This is accessible from both ends of Temple Meads station .	O
Temple Meads is served by many buses operated by First West of England including :	O
Subsequently , a new contract until September 2015 was negotiated between First Great Western and the Department for Transport and subsequently extended until March 2019 .	O
The Great Western Main Line from London to Bristol is in the process of being electrified .	O
The station roof is to be refurbished as part of a scheme to transform station the over the next 25 years .	I
A kind of official recognition was when the King Oscar II rose in honour when the song was played , first the time in 1893 .	I
\ \ Score.BarNumber override # ' transparent = # # t	I
AmigaDOS is the disk operating system of the AmigaOS , which includes file systems , file directory and manipulation , the command-line interface , and file redirection .	I
In AmigaOS 1.x , AmigaDOS is based on a TRIPOS port by MetaComCo , written in BCPL .	O
From AmigaOS 2.x onwards , AmigaDOS was rewritten in C , retaining 1.x compatibility where possible .	O
Starting from AmigaOS 4.1 , AmigaDOS has been extended with 64-bit file-access support .	O
Here is an example of characters wildcard in AmigaDOS commands :	I
AmigaDOS supports the following set of protection bits ( abbreviated as HSPARWED ) :	O
In Smart File System ( SFS ) files and directories with H-bit set are hidden from system the .	I
It is still possible access hidden files but they don 't appear in any directory listings .	O
Demonstration of H-bit in action :	O
Global variables can be set using the command SetEnv , while local variables can be set using the command Set .	O
Global variables are kept as files in ENV : , and optionally saved on disk in ENVARC : to survive reboot and cycling power .	I
On bootup , the content of ENVARC : is copied to ENV : for accessibility .	O
When programming AmigaDOS scripts , one must keep in mind that global variables are system-wide .	O
is AmigaDOS in general case-insensitive .	I
example An of such a file system is Smart File System .	I
Advanced users will hence typically only use the case sensitivity flag for file systems used for software from originating Un * x .	I
This allows for easy relocation of installed programs .	O
The system would then permit use of fonts installed either in directory .	I
In order to preserve backwards compatibility , there were no major structural changes .	O
( However , FF2 on AmigaOS 4.1 differs in that it can expand its features and capabilities with the aid of plug-ins ) .	O
As with FFS2 , the AmigaOS 4 and MorphOS version of Smart FileSystem is a fork of original SFS and are not 100 % compatible with it .	O
Old File System / Fast File System	O
Fast File System 2 ( AmigaOS4.x / MorphOS )	O
are Dostypes backwards compatible with each other , but not forward compatible .	I
A DOS7 formatted disk cannot be read on original Amiga FFS , and a DOS3 disk cannot be read on a KS1.3 Amiga .	O
Where software needed AmigaOS 2 anyway , DOS3 generally was used .	I
With the July 2007 Update of AmigaOS 4.0 2007 in , the first two plug-ins for FFS2 were released :	I
Her career spanned from 1935 to 1988 .	O
She appeared in 49 feature films and was one of the leading movie stars during the golden age of Classical Hollywood .	O
Her sister younger was the actress Joan Fontaine .	I
She was also successful in work on stage and television .	O
For her contributions to the motion picture industry , she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .	O
Lilian also sang with the Master of the King 's Music , Walter Sir Parratt , and toured England with the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams .	I
DeHavilland was born July on 1 , 1916 .	I
Her father abandoned the and family returned to his Japanese housekeeper , who eventually became his second wife .	I
Olivia was raised to appreciate the arts , beginning with ballet lessons at the age of four and piano lessons a year later .	O
DeHavilland entered Saratoga Grammar School in 1922 and did well in her studies .	O
She enjoyed reading , writing poetry , and drawing , and once represented her grammar school in a county spelling bee , coming in second place .	O
In April 1925 , after her divorce finalized was , Lilian married George Milan Fontaine , a department store manager for O.A.Hale & Co. in San Jose .	I
DeHavilland continued her education at Los Gatos School High near her home in Saratoga .	I
There she excelled in and oratory field hockey and participated in school plays and the school drama club , eventually becoming the club 's secretary .	I
One week before the premiere , the understudy Jean Rouverol and lead actress Gloria Stuart both left the project , leaving 18-year-old deHavilland to play Hermia .	O
Following premieres in New York and Beverly Hills , the film was on released October 30 , 1935 .	I
Despite the publicity campaign , the film generated enthusiasm little with audiences .	I
In both films , she played the sweet and charming love interesta role into which she would later become typecast .	O
In March , deHavilland and her mother moved into an at apartment the Chateau des Fleurs at 6626 Franklin Avenue in Hollywood .	I
The film a is swashbuckler action drama based on the popular novel by Rafael Sabatini and directed by Michael Curtiz .	I
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards , including Best Picture .	O
The popular success of the film , as well as the critical response to the on-screen couple , led to seven additional collaborations .	O
Toward the end of the year , 20-year-old deHavilland and her mother moved to 2337 Nella Vista Avenue the in Los Feliz section of Los Angeles .	I
DeHavilland played daughter Catherine Hilton , who falls in love with the handsome artist hired to her paint portrait .	I
DeHavilland played the daughter of a farmer , Serena Ferris , who falls in love with the mining engineer responsible for the flooding .	O
The film was released in February 1938 , and was her first appearance in three-strip Technicolor .	O
The king 's ward , Maid Marian , initially opposes Robin , but later supports him after learning his true intentions of helping his oppressed people .	O
No mere bystander to events , Marian risks her life to save Robin by providing his men a plan for his escape .	O
went It on to become one of the most popular adventure films of the Classical Hollywood era .	I
Her next several roles were more routine and less challenging .	O
DeHavilland turned to Warner 's wife Anne for help .	O
In early 1940 , deHavilland refused to appear in several films assigned to her , initiating the first of her suspensions at the studio .	O
The film was a critical and commercial success .	O
Leisen 's careful direction and guidance to appealed deHavillandmuch more than the workman-like approach of her Warner Bros. directors .	I
For this performance she garnered her second Academy Award nominationthis time for Best Actress .	O
Screenwriter Lenore Coffee was brought in to add several romantic scenes , and improve overall the dialogue .	I
The result is a that film includes some of their finest work together .	I
The film went on to earn $ 2,550,000 ( ) , Warner Bros ' second-biggest money-maker of year that .	I
In November 1943 , the Superior Court found in deHavilland 's favor , and Warner Bros. immediately appealed .	O
As a consequence , deHavilland did not work at a film studio for nearly two years .	O
During the war years , she actively sought out ways to express her patriotism and contribute to the war effort .	O
In May 1942 , she joined the Hollywood Victory Caravan , a three-week train tour of the country that raised money through the sale of war bonds .	O
Later that year she began attending events at the Hollywood Canteen , meeting and dancing with the troops .	O
Her performance earned her the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1946her first Oscar .	O
Her next two were roles challenging .	I
They were married on August 26 , 1946 .	O
She consulted regularly with psychiatrists hired as consultants for the film , and visited Camarillo State Mental Hospital to research role her and observe the patients .	I
Her timid voice , nervous hands , downcast eyes , and careful movements all what communicate the character is too shy to verbalize .	I
For her performance , she received the New York Film Critics Award , the Golden Globe Award , and the Academy Award for Best Actressher second Oscar .	O
The play closed after 45 performances .	O
The movie was filmed on location in Utah , where deHavilland learned hitch to and drive a team of horses and handle a gun for her role .	I
The play opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on Broadway to positive notices , with deHavilland receiving her best reviews as a stage actress .	O
She stayed with the production for 90 performances .	O
The film was well received and earned seven Academy Award nominations .	O
The production and her performance as farmer the 's wife Ellie were well received .	I
In retirement , deHavilland has remained active in the film community .	O
In 2003 , she appeared as a presenter at the 75th Academy Awards , earning a six and a half minute standing ovation upon her entrance .	O
She the is oldest woman ever to receive the honour .	I
She was unable to travel to London to attend the investiture ceremony at Buckingham Palace due to health issues her concerning advanced age .	I
Although known as one of Hollywood 's most exciting on-screen couples , deHavilland and Errol Flynn were never involved in a romantic relationship .	O
In turn , deHavilland fell love in with him , but kept her feelings inside .	I
In December 1939 , she began a romantic relationship with actor James Stewart .	O
The marriage ended in in divorce 1953 .	I
They had one child , Benjamin Goodrich , who was born on September 27 , 1949 .	O
He was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma at the age of 19 , but was able to graduate from the University of Texas .	O
couple The separated in 1962 , but continued to live in the same house for another six years to raise their daughter together .	I
She looked after him during his final bout with lung cancer prior to his death in 1998 .	O
They had one child , Gisèle Galante , who was born on July 18 , 1956 .	O
After studying law at the de Université Droit de Nanterre School of Law , she worked as a journalist in France and the United States .	I
DeHavilland was raised in the Church Episcopal and has remained an Episcopalian throughout her life .	I
first But , I always pray .	I
DeHavilland prefers to use the Revised English for Bible its poetic style .	I
As a United States citizen , deHavilland became involved in politics as way a of exercising her civic responsibilities .	I
She campaigned for Franklin D. Roosevelt 's re-election in 1944 .	O
DeHavilland was the first to become an actress , and for several years Fontaine was overshadowed by her sister 's accomplishments .	O
The two did not speak for the next five years after the incident .	O
DeHavilland 's career spanned 53 years , from 1935 to 1988 .	O
During that time , she appeared in 49 feature films , and was one of the leading movie stars during the golden age Classical of Hollywood .	I
They would go on to make eight more feature films together , and became one of Hollywood 's most popular romantic on-screen pairings .	O
Her range of performances included roles in most major movie genres .	O
In the series , deHavilland reflects on the origins and depth of the Davis-Crawford feud and how it affected contemporary female Hollywood stars .	O
An appeal of the judge 's ruling argued was in March 2018 .	I
fish in family Latidae of Perciformes order .	I
One of the largest freshwater fishes , it reaches a maximum length of nearly , weighing up to .	O
Mature fish average , although many fish are caught before they can grow this large .	O
Nile perch have been introduced to many other lakes in Africa , including Lake Victoria and the artificial Lake Nasser .	O
The introduction of this species to Lake Victoria is one of the most cited examples of the negative effects alien species can have on ecosystems .	O
The Nile perch was introduced to Lake Victoria in East Africa in the 1950s , and has since been fished commercially .	O
Sport-fishing in the region of Uganda and Tanzania provided additional income from tourism .	O
At least initially , nets strong enough to hold adult Nile perch could not be manufactured locally and had to be imported for a high price .	O
This has led to an demand increased for firewood in a region already hard-hit by deforestation , soil erosion , and desertification .	I
On Lake Victoria , the only ( small ) trawlers present belong research to institutes .	I
Small-scale fishing boats are propelled mostly by sails , and paddles are used on the smallest boats .	O
However , the number of boats by propelled outboard engines is on the rise , denoting a greater capital intensity of the local Nile perch fishery .	I
These towns resemble shanties , and have little in the way of services .	O
It has been used to compare the Vietnam War , the War Gulf , and the Iraq War .	I
He later returned to Calvin College to become the inaugural holder of the Jellema Chair in Philosophy .	O
A prominent Christian philosopher , Plantinga served as president of the Society of Christian Philosophers from 1983-86 .	O
A fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , he was awarded the Templeton Prize in 2017 .	O
His family from is the Dutch province of Friesland , they lived on a relatively low income until he secured a teaching job in Michigan in 1941 .	I
Both of his sons are professors at Calvin College , Carl in Film Studies and Harry in computer science .	O
Harry is also the director of the college 's Christian Classics Ethereal Library .	O
Another of his brothers , Leon , is an emeritus professor of musicology at Yale University .	O
His brother Terrell worked for CBS News .	O
A year later , in 1955 , he transferred to Yale University where he received his Ph.D. in 1958 .	O
In 1963 , accepted he a teaching job at Calvin College , where he replaced the retiring Jellema .	I
He then the spent next 19 years at Calvin before moving to the University of Notre Dame in 1982 .	I
and as President of the Society of Christian Philosophers 1983 – 86 .	O
He was a Guggenheim Fellow , 1971 72 – , and elected a Fellow in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1975 .	I
In 2006 , the University of Notre Dame 's Center for Philosophy of Religion renamed its Distinguished Scholar Fellowship as the Alvin Plantinga Fellowship .	O
In 2017 , Baylor University 's Center for Christian Philosophy inaugurated the Alvin Plantinga Award for Excellence in Christian Philosophy .	O
He was named the first fellow of the center as well .	O
He was awarded the 2017 Templeton Prize .	O
In 2011 , Plantinga was featured in a WOOD-TV news segment about how to prevent issues with residential HVAC systems .	O
J. L. Mackie sees Plantinga 's free-will defense as incoherent .	O
According Plantinga to , a belief , B , is warranted if :	I
He argued that it is possible for a being with maximal greatness to exist , so a being with maximal greatness exists in a possible world .	O
A version of his argument as is follows :	I
Michael Martin argued that , if certain components of perfection are contradictory , such as omnipotence and omniscience , then the first premise is contrary to reason .	O
In Plantinga 's evolutionary argument against naturalism , he that argues if evolution is true , it undermines naturalism .	I
Even though Alvin Plantinga believes that God could have used Darwinian processes to create the world , he stands firm against philosophical naturalism .	O
He said in an interview on the between relationship science and religion that :	I
Shows how Darwinian evolution has become an idol .	O
But the scientific theory of evolution , sensibly enough , says nothing one way or the other about divine guidance .	O
It doesn 't say that evolution is divinely guided ; also it doesn 't say that it isn 't .	I
Henry Lewis Stimson ( September 21 , – 1867 October 20 , 1950 ) was an American statesman , lawyer and Republican Party politician .	I
Over his long career , he emerged as a leading figure in the foreign policy of the United States , in serving Republican and Democratic administrations .	I
The son of prominent surgeon Lewis Atterbury Stimson , Stimson became a Wall Street lawyer after graduating from Harvard Law School .	O
He served as United a States Attorney under President Theodore Roosevelt , prosecuting several antitrust cases .	I
protested He the Japanese invasion of Manchuria , instituting the Stimson Doctrine of non-recognition of international territorial changes that were executed by force .	I
He also insisted on judicial proceedings against Nazi war criminals , leading to the Nuremberg trials .	O
He was an honorary lifetime member of Theodore Roosevelt 's Boone and Crockett Club , North America 's first wildlife conservation organization .	O
He was a Phillips trustee from 1905 to 1947 , serving as president of the board from 1935 to 1945 .	O
He then attended Yale College where he was elected Phi to Beta Kappa .	I
He became a partner in 1893 .	O
Stimson was as defeated Republican candidate for Governor of New York in 1910 .	I
President Woodrow Wilson refused to make use of the volunteers and the unit disbanded .	O
continued He his military service in the Organized Reserve Corps , rising to the rank of brigadier general in 1922 .	I
In 1927 , Stimson was sent by Calvin President Coolidge to Nicaragua to negotiate an end to the civil war taking place there .	I
In the following year , he was the Chairman of U.S. the delegation to World Disarmament Conference in Geneva .	I
As the Western Defense Command began circulating civilian exclusion orders , a new debate formed regarding Japanese Americans in the then-territory of Hawaii .	O
( Japanese immigrants were prohibited by law from naturalization and were therefore classified as enemy aliens regardless of their residential status . )	O
Seventh Army , had slapped an enlisted man suffering from nervous exhaustion at a medical evacuation hospital in Sicily .	O
The incident caused a storm of controversy , and members of Congress called for Patton to be relieved of command .	O
He controlled all planning for the use of the bomb .	O
He was the only top government official who tried to predict the meaning of the atomic age — he envisioned a new era in human affairs .	O
For a half century he had worked to inject order , science , and moralism into matters of law , of state , and of diplomacy .	O
It said no fruits of illegal aggression would ever be recognized by the United States .	O
October On 20 , one month after his 83rd birthday , he succumbed to complications from a second heart attack .	I
Attorneys in the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York .	O
Killing a Philippine eagle is punishable under law Philippine up to 12 years in prison and heavy fines .	I
The species has subsequently been placed in subfamily the Circaetinae .	I
One male ( age specified not ) was found to weigh .	I
The very large but laterally compressed bill rivals the size of Steller 's sea eagle 's as the largest bill for an extant eagle .	O
Only six are pairs found on Samar , two on Leyte , and a few on Luzon .	I
It can be found in Northern Sierra Madre National Park on Luzon and Mount Apo , Mount Malindang , and Mount Kitanglad National Parks on Mindanao .	O
Its elevation ranges from the lowlands to mountains of over .	O
However , its total estimated is range about .	I
Each breeding pair requires a large home range to successfully raise a chick , thus species the is extremely vulnerable to deforestation .	I
The species ' is flight fast and agile , resembling the smaller hawks more than similar large birds of prey .	I
As the parents are not nearby when this occurs , they apparently do not play a role in teaching juvenile the to hunt .	I
Life expectancy for a wild eagle is estimated to be 30 from to 60 years .	I
It is the apex predator in its range .	O
The primary prey varies from island to island depending on species availability , particularly in Luzon and Mindanao , because the islands are in different faunal regions .	O
One is still-hunting , in which it watches for prey activity while sitting almost motionlessly on a branch the near canopy .	I
The other is perch-hunting , which entails periodically gliding from one perch to another .	O
The female matures sexually at five years of age and the male at seven .	O
Once paired , a couple remains together for the rest of their lives .	O
The beginning of courtship is signaled by nest-building , and the eagle remaining near nest its .	I
Breeding season is in July ; birds on different islands , most notably Mindanao and Luzon , begin breeding at different ends of range this .	I
The amount of rainfall and population prey of may also affect the breeding season .	I
The nests are lined with green leaves , and can be around across .	O
The nesting location is around or even more above the ground .	O
Eight to 10 days before the egg is ready to be laid , the female is afflicted with a known condition as egg lethargy .	I
The egg is incubated for 58 to 68 days ( typically 62 days ) after being laid .	O
Additionally , the parents have been observed taking turns shielding the eaglet from the sun and rain until it is seven weeks old .	O
The young eaglet fledges after four or five months .	O
In 2015 , 600 about were estimated to be left in the wild .	I
They are threatened primarily by deforestation through logging and expanding agriculture .	O
Additionally , they are occasionally caught in traps laid by local people for deer .	O
Though this is no longer major a problem , the eagle 's numbers were also reduced by being captured for zoos .	I
In 1992 , the first Philippine eagles were in hatched captivity through artificial insemination ; however , the first naturally bred eaglet was not hatched until 1999 .	I
Another eagle , Kagsabua , was released in March 2008 , but was shot and eaten by a farmer .	O
Killing this critically endangered species is punishable under Philippine law by 12 years in jail and heavy fines .	O
Its numbers have slowly dwindled over the to decades the current population of 180 to 600 eagles .	I
A series of floods and mud slides , caused by deforestation , further devastated the remaining population .	O
The Philippine Eagle Foundation Davao in City , is one organization dedicated to the protection and conservation of the Philippine eagle and its forest habitat .	I
The Philippine eagle has been featured on at least 12 from stamps the Philippines , with dates ranging from 1967 to 2007 .	I
It was also depicted on the 50-centavo coins minted from 1981 to 1994 .	O
The first was a female that arrived in London Zoo in August 1909 and died there in February 1910 .	O
The majority in arrived zoos between 1947 and 1965 .	I
building The , which was never completed , was constructed by King Francis I of France .	I
Chambord was altered during considerably the twenty-eight years of its construction ( 1519 – 1547 ) , during which it was overseen on-site by Pierre Nepveu .	I
In 1792 , in the wake of the French Revolution , some of the furnishings were sold and timber removed .	O
For a time the building was left abandoned , though in the 19th century some attempts were made at restoration .	O
The layout is reminiscent of a typical castle with a keep , corner towers , and defended by a moat .	O
The massive château is composed of a central keep with four immense bastion at towers the corners .	I
The keep also part forms of the front wall of a larger compound with two more large towers .	I
Bases for a possible further two towers are found at the rear , but these were never developed , and remain the same height as the wall .	O
When Francis I commissioned the construction of Chambord , he wanted it to look like the skyline of Constantinople .	O
The château is surrounded by a wooded park and game reserve maintained with red deer , enclosed by a wall .	O
The Founder 's Building features very similar towers and layout but was built red using bricks .	I
Regardless of who designed the château , on 6 September 1519 Francis Pombriant ordered was to begin construction of the Château de Chambord .	I
Building in resumed September 1526 , at which point 1,800 workers were employed building the château .	I
The massive rooms , open windows and high ceilings meant heating was impractical .	O
For more than 80 years after the death of King Francis I , French kings abandoned the château , allowing it to fall into decay .	O
King Louis XIV had the great keep restored and furnished the royal apartments .	O
From 1725 to 1733 , Stanislas Leszczyński ( Stanislas I ) , the deposed King of Poland and father-in-law of King Louis XV , lived at Chambord .	O
A brief attempt at restoration and occupation was made by his grandfather King Charles X ( 1824 – 1830 ) but in 1830 both were exiled .	O
During the Franco-Prussian War ( 1870 – 1871 ) the château was as used a field hospital .	I
First left to Robert , Duke of Parma , who died in 1907 and after him , Elias , Prince of Parma .	O
After unusually heavy rainfall , Chambord was closed to the public from 1 to 6 June 2016 .	O
The French Patrimony Foundation described effects of flooding the on Chambord 's 13,000-acre property .	I
The 20-mile wall around the chateaux was breached at several points , metal gates were torn from their framing , and roads were damaged .	O
Repairs are expected to cost upwards of quarter-million a dollars .	I
The Philharmonic 's home David is Geffen Hall , located in New York 's Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts .	I
Its record-setting 14,000th concert was in given December 2004 .	I
The New York Philharmonic was founded in 1842 by the American conductor Ureli Corelli Hill , with the of aid the Irish composer William Vincent Wallace .	I
The orchestra was then called the Philharmonic Society of New York .	O
9 , to take place at Castle Garden on the southern tip of Manhattan .	O
This changed in 1849 when Theodore Eisfeld was installed as sole conductor for the season .	O
That year Eisfeld returned to Europe , and Bergmann continued to conduct the Society until his death in 1876 .	O
Upon his death in 1885 , his 23-year-old son Walter took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic .	O
Carnegie Hall would remain the orchestra 's home until 1962 .	O
Seidl 's sudden death in 1898 from food poisoning at the age of 47 widely was mourned .	I
In New York , he conducted several works for the first time in his career and introduced audiences to his own compositions .	O
Many commentators were surprised by the choice of Stránský , whom they did not see as a worthy successor to Mahler .	O
Stránský led all of the 's orchestra concerts until 1920 , and also made the first recordings with the orchestra in 1917 .	I
Of the new Philharmonic Symphony Society of New York , Clarence Hungerford Mackay , chairman of the Philharmonic Society , will be chairman .	O
This operation was performed by Arturo Toscanini himself .	O
The radio broadcasts continued without for interruption 38 years .	I
A legend in his own time , Toscanini would prove to be a tough act to follow as the country headed into war .	O
The following year Barbirolli was given the full conductorship , a post he held until the spring of 1941 .	O
In 1943 , Rodziński , who had conducted the orchestra 's centennial concert at Carnegie Hall in the preceding year , was appointed Musical Director .	O
( The initial word of attack the was forwarded by CBS News Correspondent John Charles Daly on his own show before the Philharmonic broadcast . )	I
Although Bernstein made a few for recordings Columbia after 1969 , most of his later recordings were for Deutsche Grammophon .	I
8 was recorded by Bernstein with London the Symphony . )	I
Zubin Mehta , then one of the youngest of a new generation of internationally conductors known , became Music Director in 1978 .	I
In 1980 the Philharmonic , always known as a touring orchestra , embarked on a European tour marking the 50th anniversary of Toscanini 's trip to Europe .	O
He presided over the 150th celebrations Anniversary during the 1992 – 1993 season .	I
He assumed the post in September 2002 , 60 years after making his with debut the Orchestra at the age of twelve at Lewisohn Stadium .	I
In October 2012 , the orchestra extended Gilbert 's contract through the 2016 / 17 season .	O
van Zweden is scheduled to serve as Music Director Designate for the 2017 / 18 season .	O
The current president and chief executive officer ( CEO ) of the orchestra is Deborah Borda .	O
The event was the first significant cultural visit to the country from the United States since the end of the Korean War .	O
The visit anticipated was as an opportunity to broaden relations with one of the world 's most isolated nations .	I
It was additionally broadcast live on CNN and CNN International .	O
The Leonard Bernstein Scholar-in-Residence was established in 2005 in recognition of the fifteenth anniversary of 's Bernstein death .	I
He / she gives an annual lecture series and is also featured in NYP events .	O
James M. Keller held the during position the 2008 – 09 season , and American baritone Thomas Hampson was appointed to the post in July 2009 .	I
Grammy Award for Best Classical Album	O
Grammy for Award Best Orchestral Performance	I
Grammy Award for Best Album for Children	O
Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Soloist with Orchestra	O
Grammy Award for Best Vocal Classical Performance	I
Grammy Award for Choral Best Performance	I
Grammy Award for Engineered Best Album , Classical	I
The collection dates back to the beginning of the Philharmonic 's history in 1842 .	O
The Archives are sponsored by the Leon Levy Foundation and are located Lincoln at Center .	I
Blofeld notes that one fish is refraining from two fighting others until their fight is concluded .	I
SPECTRE thus works with , and against , both sides of the Cold War .	O
Members are typically to referred by number rather than by name .	I
Members who fail missions are immediately executed , usually in gory and spectacular ways .	O
In the novel , SPECTRE , headed by Blofeld , attempts to conduct nuclear blackmail against NATO .	O
The organisation behind Le Chiffre in 2006 's Casino Royale was revealed to be Spectre the in 2015 film through retroactive establishment .	I
The film is essentially another chapter in the continuing series .	O
McClory Bond 's rights , including his rights in SPECTRE , were unaffected .	I
Henchmen working for SPECTRE , one of its members , or directly for Ernst Stavro Blofeld :	O
In this , a named man Dr .	I
Postumus was ultimately executed by his guards own shortly after Augustus ' death in AD 14 .	I
He was also a maternal uncle of the emperor Caligula , the son of Postumus ' sister Agrippina the Elder .	O
After the death of his older brothers , Lucius and Gaius Caesar , Postumus was adopted by his maternal grandfather , Emperor Augustus .	O
Agrippa Postumus was born in 12 BC a few weeks after his father 's death and probably after 26 June .	O
His brothers , Gaius and Lucius , were both adopted by Augustus following the of birth Lucius in 17 BC .	I
It was not intended that he receive the emperorship , instead , it was intended that he be the heir to Augustus ' bloodline .	O
was He known for being brutish , insolent , stubborn , and potentially violent .	I
The Senate was to ordered never allow his release .	I
Postumus was held under intense security .	O
The two left for Planasia to pay Augustus ' banished grandson a highly controversial visit .	O
However , it has been shown that Augustus and Fabius were absent from Rome in mid-May of AD 14 .	O
While modern historians , including Fox , agree that such stories are highly unlikely , there is evidence that Augustus ' journey was historical .	O
According to Augustus ' will , sealed on 3 April AD 13 , Tiberius would inherit two-thirds of his estate , and one-third Livia .	I
Two years later , there was an by attempt Postumus ' former slave Clemens to impersonate him .	I
It was common for ancient historians to portray Postumus as being dim-witted and brutish .	O
Historian Andrew Pettinger argues that these descriptions of Postumus reveal a moral inadequacy not a mental disorder .	O
Postumus is depicted in many works of art due to his relationship with the leading family of the early Roman Empire .	O
Transfusions are used for various medical conditions to replace lost components of the blood .	O
Before these components were known , doctors believed that blood was homogenous .	O
Because of this , many patients died due to the transfer of blood incompatible .	I
Before a blood transfusion is given , there are many steps taken to ensure quality of the blood products , compatibility , and safety to the recipient .	O
The latter is much more common than the former .	O
Using another blood 's must first start with donation of blood .	I
This enables and management investigation of any suspected transfusion related disease transmission or transfusion reaction .	I
Donated blood is usually subjected to processing after is it collected , to make it suitable for use in specific patient populations .	I
The first step before a transfusion is given to is type and screen the recipient 's blood .	I
The phenotypes of all the donor cells being tested are shown in a chart .	O
The patient serum 's is tested against the various donor cells .	I
cause transfusion reactions , HDN , etc . ) .	O
Once the patient has developed a clinically significant antibody it is vital that the patient receive antigen-negative red cells blood to prevent future transfusion reactions .	I
If there is no antibody present , an immediate spin crossmatch or computer assisted crossmatch is performed where the recipient serum and donor rbc are incubated .	O
If an antibody is suspected , potential donor units must first be screened for the corresponding antigen by phenotyping them .	O
O-negative is also used for children and women of age childbearing .	I
In the same way that the safety of pharmaceutical products is overseen by pharmacovigilance , the safety of blood and blood products is overseen by haemovigilance .	O
In the UK this data is collected by an independent organisation called SHOT ( Serious Hazards Of Transfusion ) .	O
The use of greater amount of red blood cells is associated with a high risk of infections .	O
On rare occasions , blood products are contaminated with bacteria .	O
This can result in a life-threatening infection as known transfusion-transmitted bacterial infection .	I
The risk of severe bacterial infection is estimated , , at about 1 in 50,000 platelet transfusions , and 1 in 500,000 red blood cell transfusions .	O
Blood product contamination , while rare , is more still common than actual infection .	I
The reason platelets are more often contaminated than other blood products is that they are stored at room temperature for short periods time of .	I
The development of a nucleic acid test for the HIV-1 RNA has lowered dramatically the rate of donor blood seropositivity to about 1 in 3 million units .	I
This can be especially significant for certain patient groups such as critical-care or neonatals .	O
Although transfusions of platelets are far less numerous ( relative to RBC ) , platelet storage lesion and resulting efficacy loss is also a concern .	O
However , successive attempts by physicians to transfuse animal blood into humans gave variable , often fatal , results .	O
The evidence for this story , however , is unreliable and may have been motivated anti-semitism by .	I
He transfused the blood of a sheep into a 15-year-old boy , who survived the transfusion .	O
On the third account Mauroy died .	O
He also invented a number of instruments for the transfusion of blood .	O
By late the 19th century , blood transfusion was regarded as a risky and dubious procedure , and was largely shunned by the medical establishment .	I
Work to emulate James continued Blundell in Edinburgh .	I
The largest series of early successful transfusions took place at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary between 1885 and 1892 .	O
Edinburgh later became the home of the first blood donation and blood transfusion services .	O
The immunological reaction occurs when the receiver of a blood transfusion has antibodies against the donor blood cells .	O
Landsteiner 's work made it possible to determine blood group and allowed a way for blood transfusions to be carried out much more safely .	O
He had been called to see his sister after she had given birth .	O
The first non-direct transfusion was performed on March 27 , 1914 by the Belgian doctor Albert Hustin , though this was a diluted solution of blood .	O
used Both sodium citrate as an anticoagulant .	I
He also experimented with preserving separated red blood cells in iced bottles .	O
The world 's first blood donor service was in established 1921 by the secretary of the British Red Cross , Percy Oliver .	I
An academic institution devoted to the science of blood transfusion was founded by Alexander Bogdanov in Moscow in 1925 .	O
However , this method was never used widely , even in Russia .	O
One of the earliest blood banks was established by Frederic Durán-Jordà during the Spanish Civil War in 1936 .	O
The blood was stored in a sterile glass under enclosed pressure at 2 ° C .	I
Within a few years , hospital and community blood banks were established across the United States .	O
This system evolved into the National Blood Transfusion Service established in 1946 , the first national service to be implemented .	O
A blood collection program was initiated in the US in 1940 and Edwin Cohn pioneered the process of blood fractionation .	O
At the onset of World War II , liquid plasma was used in Britain .	O
In the field of cancer surgery replacement of blood massive loss became a major problem .	I
The cardiac arrest was rate high .	I
Typically higher ratios of fresh frozen plasma and platelets are given relative to packed red blood cells .	O
Whenever possible , the AABB recommends that O negative blood be conserved by using blood type testing to identify a less scarce alternative .	O
This can be due to several reasons , such as patient safety , burden economic or scarcity of blood .	I
Most attempts to find a suitable alternative to blood thus far have concentrated on cell-free hemoglobin solutions .	O
Hemopure , a hemoglobin-based therapy , is approved for use South in Africa .	I
Various species require different levels of testing to ensure a compatible match .	O
the animal has to be sensitized before it will mount an immune response against the transfused blood .	O
Alabama is an American country and Southern rock band formed in Fort Payne , Alabama , in 1969 .	O
The band was founded by Randy Owen ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) and his cousin Teddy Gentry ( bass guitar , background vocals ) .	O
They changed their name to Alabama in 1977 and following the chart success of two singles , were approached by RCA Records for a record deal .	O
Alabama 's biggest success came in the 1980s , where the band over had 27 number one hits , seven multi-platinum albums and received numerous awards .	I
The band 's popularity waned slightly in the 1990s they although continued to produce hit singles and multi-platinum album sales .	I
Alabama disbanded in 2003 following a farewell tour and two albums of inspirational music but reunited in 2010 and have continued to record and tour worldwide .	O
The band grew further inactive when Cook went to college and Owen into the military .	O
The group became a professional band in 1972 , adding drummer Bennett Vartanian and changing their name to Wildcountry .	O
During this time , the group a accepted position playing at the nearby Canyonland theme park .	I
In March , the band relocated to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , performing six nights a week at a club named The Bowery for tips .	O
Vartanian dropped out of the group , and following a rotation of four more drummers , settled they on Rick Scott in 1974 .	I
Due to a hidden clause their in contract , Alabama was forbidden from recording with another label .	I
For the next two years , the band raised money to buy out their contract and they began recording again in 1979 .	O
band The had to perform with studio musicians , rather than as a band , and left the session believing they had destroyed their chances .	I
They toured extensively , headlining small clubs and opening for bigger acts in major venues .	O
By the late 1980s , Alabama 's sales slowed down considerably , with only their major albums going gold .	O
Although popularity their continued to decline during the 1990s , their albums still reached gold and platinum status .	I
The tour collected $ 15 million in box office before it even began , and Alabama performed to packed arenas from June to November 2003 .	O
Herndon and the other group members had had a difficult relationship during the band 's career .	O
a Following series of tornadoes destroying homes and businesses throughout their state in 2011 , Alabama assembled a benefit concert in Birmingham , called Bama Rising .	I
Featuring the band 's first set since 2004 , alongside Luke Bryan , Sheryl Crow and Brad Paisley , the concert raised $ 2.1 million .	O
If crossovers come , that 's great , but we 'd rather a have No .	I
Alabama 's lyrics often centered on their homeland .	O
Alabama is the most awarded band in the history of country music , with over 200 awards from a variety of organizations .	O
They had a slightly edgier sound than other groups , and both played their own instruments and wrote their own songs .	O
Alabama mostly appealed to a younger audience , although their clean-cut image appealed to the more conservative , older country audience as well .	O
For their part , these groups credited Alabama with providing a massive influence on their careers .	O
Prior to Alabama 's unprecedented chart success , most country hit singles belonged to solo artists or duets .	O
If the mother 's copy the of chromosomal region 15q11-13 is deleted , Angelman syndrome ( AS ) can results .	I
The year 544 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar .	O
About 70 % women of and men do not have symptoms when infected .	I
When symptoms do occur they typically begin 5 to 28 days after exposure .	O
If present other sexually transmitted infections should be tested for .	O
About 20 % of people get infected again within three months of treatment .	O
were There about 122 million new cases of trichomoniasis in 2015 .	I
Discomfort for both sexes may increase during intercourse urination and .	I
Trichomoniasis is linked two to serious complications .	I
Trichomonas is transmitted through sexual or genital contact .	O
A number of strategies have been found to improve follow-up for STI testing including email and text messaging as reminders of appointments .	O
Caution should be used in pregnancy , especially in the first trimester .	O
Studies suggest that 4-5 % of trichomonas cases are resistant to metronidazole , which may account for some “ repeat ” cases .	O
There were about 58 cases million of trichomoniasis in 2013 .	I
It is the most common non-viral STI in the U.S. , with an estimated 3.7 million prevalent cases and 1.1 million new cases per year .	O
Alabama is a southern state in the United States .	O
Alabama may also to refer :	I
Human-made materials , such as string , plastic , cloth , paper or , may also be used .	I
Generally each species a has distinctive style of nest .	I
Nest building reinforces social behavior , allowing for larger populations in small spaces to the point of increasing the carrying of capacity an environment .	I
The available evidence suggests that natural selection more often specialization favors over flexibility in nest construction .	I
At the most basic level , there are only two types of nest building : sculpting and assembly .	O
Nest building can a have substantial impact on the environment in which animals live .	I
Whether these differences are driven by genetics or learned behavior is unknown .	O
Bird nests vary from simple depressions in the ground known as scrapes to largely unstructured collections of branches to elaborately woven pendants or spheres .	O
The megapodes , one of the few groups who do not directly brood their young , incubate their young in a mound of decomposing vegetation .	O
The edible-nest swiftlet uses saliva alone to construct their nests .	O
At the entrances to the nest , sharp sticks are to placed ward off intruders .	I
As many as 300 mating pairs may reside in the structure .	O
Each species has a characteristic nest style , but few are particular about where they build nests their .	I
Several will species build on a cactus whenever possible .	I
The hanging nest is attached to thin tree branches , discouraging predation .	O
Other species seek out crevices , using buildings or birdhouses when tree holes are not available .	O
The largest nest on record was made by a pair of bald eagles .	O
It was in diameter , deep and was estimated to weigh more than .	O
One such structure , called a town , spanned and held an estimate 400 million individuals .	O
Their homes are adapted to withstand large ( above-ground ) variation temperature , floods , and fire .	I
Nests of the western gorilla , the largest species , measure about in diameter .	O
Fish engage in nest building ranging activities from simply scooping out sediment to building enclosed structures out of plant matter .	I
From the fossil record , is it known that many , or perhaps all , dinosaurs laid eggs .	I
Juvenile teeth at site the exhibit signs of wear , while the leg bones are not developed enough to walk .	I
Their often nests elaborate may be found above or below ground .	I
Paper wasp nesting consist of a single tier of cells , while yellow jacket nests can be many layers thick , reaching up to in diameter .	O
Found in New Zealand , it was likely built by the German wasp .	O
Ant nests alone support symbiotes spanning six classes of arthropods which includes 35 families just from the beetles .	O
was the Phoenician king Tyre of according to the Hebrew Bible .	I
His regnal years have been calculated by some as 980 to 947 BC , in succession to his father , Abibaal .	O
The palace was built Lebanon using Cedar .	I
6 kilometres southeast of Tyre , near the village of Hannaouiye / Hanawiya on the road to Qana .	O
It has the form of a colossal limestone sarcophagus on pedestal a .	I
It is situated at the bank of river Hanga .	I
It is believed that in the month of August ( Shraavana ) every Monday inside hangeshwar temple round shape pindi of rice takes shape automatically .	O
The majority of the population in the village is Hindu .	O
VAK or may Vak refer to :	I
I ‑ 20 runs beginning near Kent , Texas , I-10 at to Florence , South Carolina , at I-95 .	I
Between Texas and South Carolina , I ‑ 20 runs through northern Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Georgia .	O
I-20 begins east of Kent at a fork I-10 with .	I
Part of I-20 in Dallas is named the Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway and used to be signed as I-635 .	O
From Monroe , I-20 enters flatter terrain as it approaches the Mississippi River .	O
Also in Jackson is an unusually expansive stack interchange , at the of junction I-20 , I-55 North and US 49 South .	I
The route of the Mississippi section of I-20 is defined in Mississippi Code § 65-3-3 .	O
I-20 ( along with I-59 ) crosses the Alabama state line near York , and it stays conjoined as it passes through western Alabama Tuscaloosa and .	I
This section of the Interstate is currently ( 2018 ) undergoing construction to reconfigure the interchanges .	O
The Six Flags Over Georgia amusement park easily is visible off exit 46 eastbound .	I
Throughout the state , I-20 is conjoined with unsigned State Route 402 ( SR 402 ) .	O
After crossing the Wateree River , it due turns east , passes by tiny Bishopville , before reaching the Florence area .	I
However , for about two miles ( 3 km ) , the highway continues into Florence as Business Spur 20 .	O
I-20 in the Palmetto State is known as either the J. Strom Thurmond Freeway or John C. West Freeway .	O
Exit numbers of I-20 were changed in Georgia in 2000 .	O
The route proposed would follow US 76 east from Florence to Whiteville , North Carolina , then parallel US 74 / US 76 into Wilmington .	I
As part of the 2005 SAFETEA-LU transportation legislation , North Carolina received $ 5 million for a feasibility study for this extension .	O
Instead , South Carolina is concentrating their efforts on plans to build that I-73 will terminate near Myrtle Beach .	I
Two I-420s were planned , but never completed or built .	O
One was to be a bypass around Monroe , Louisiana , but was never built .	O
The other I-420 was planned a as bypass to the south of Downtown Atlanta .	I
The colours were taken from the coat of arms of the Duchy of Brabant , the and vertical design may be based on the flag of France .	I
Occasionally the red cross of Burgundy was placed on the white section the of flag .	I
The yellow is in fact yellow and not the darker gold of the flag of Germany , which is a black-red-gold tricolour , striped horizontally .	O
The designs of royal standards of past monarchs have been similar .	O
It has the irregular 4 : 3 ratio , making it taller than it is wide .	O
The flags are flown above the palaces when the king is in Belgium , not necessarily just in one of the palaces .	O
The order of precedence is :	O
Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire , its name derives from the River Sheaf , which runs through the city .	O
The metropolitan population of Sheffield is 1,569,000 .	O
Sixty-one of percent Sheffield 's entire area is green space , and a third of the city lies within the Peak District national park .	I
The economy has experienced steady growth averaging around 5 % annually , greater than that of the broader region of Yorkshire and the Humber .	O
Games between the two professional clubs , Sheffield United and Sheffield Wednesday , known are as the Steel City derby .	I
The is city also home to the World Snooker Championship and the Sheffield Steelers , the UK 's first fully professional Ice Hockey team .	I
The area now occupied by the City Sheffield of is believed to have been inhabited since at least the late Upper Paleolithic , about 12,800 years ago .	I
The earliest evidence of human occupation in the Sheffield area was found at Creswell Crags to the east of the city .	O
Gradually , Anglian pushed settlers west from the kingdom of Deira .	I
A Britonnic presence within the Sheffield area evidenced is by two settlements called Wales and Waleswood close to Sheffield .	I
In Anglo-Saxon times , Sheffield the area straddled the border between the kingdoms of Mercia and Northumbria .	I
By 1296 , a market had been established at what is now known as Castle Square , and Sheffield subsequently grew into a small market town .	O
From 1570 to 1584 , Mary , Queen of Scots , was imprisoned in Sheffield Castle and Sheffield Manor .	O
The resulting poor conditions culminated in a cholera epidemic that 402 killed people in 1832 .	I
The Sheffield and Rotherham railway constructed was in 1838 , connecting the two towns .	I
The town was incorporated as a borough in 1842 , was and granted a city charter in 1893 .	I
More than lives 660 were lost and many buildings destroyed .	I
Large parts of the city centre were also cleared to way make for a new system of roads .	I
The 1980s saw the worst of this run-down of Sheffield 's industries , along with those of many other areas of the UK .	O
Many landmark buildings such as Meadowhall and the Sheffield Wednesday ground flooded due to being close to rivers that flow through the city .	O
In 2010 , properties 5,000 in Sheffield were identified as still being at risk of flooding .	I
However , there have been plans for the highway maintenance to replant all felled trees across the city , including those historically felled and not previously replanted .	O
It consists of 84 councillors elected to represent 28 wards : three councillors per ward .	O
Following the 2016 local elections , the distribution of seats council is Labour 56 , Liberal Democrats 20 , the Green Party 4 and UKIP 4 .	I
The majority of council-owned facilities are operated by independent charitable trusts .	O
Sheffield is located at .	O
Although Barnsley Metropolitan Borough also borders Sheffield to the north , the town itself is a few miles further away .	O
Added to the of national park and of water this means that 61 % of the city is greenspace .	O
a Roughly third of Sheffield lies in the Peak District National Park .	I
The coldest temperature ever recorded in the city of Sheffield at Weston Park , since records began in 1882 , is , registered in February 1895 .	O
More recently , a was as recorded a daytime maximum at Weston Park , on 20 December 2010 .	I
( from the Weston Park Weather Station statistics , which also can be viewed at Sheffield Central Library . )	O
On average , through the winter months of December to March , there are 67 days during which ground frost occurs .	O
This compares to the UK 's total carbon of footprint 698,568,010 tonnes per year .	I
Sheffield City Council has signed up to the campaign .	O
This is achieved by restricting inappropriate development within the designated areas , and imposing stricter conditions on permitted building .	O
Sheffield is made up of many suburbs and neighbourhoods , many which of developed from villages or hamlets that were absorbed into Sheffield as the city grew .	I
The city is part of the wider Sheffield urban area , which had population a of 640,720 .	I
The largest quinary group is 20- to 24-year-olds ( 9 % ) because of the large university student population .	O
The population of Sheffield peaked in 1951 at 577,050 , and has since declined steadily .	O
These topographical factors have served to restrict urban spread , resulting in a relatively stable population size and a low degree of mobility .	O
Many in innovations these fields have been made in Sheffield , for example Benjamin Huntsman discovered the crucible technique in the 1740s at his workshop in Handsworth .	I
This process was rendered obsolete in 1856 by Henry Bessemer 's invention of the Bessemer converter .	O
The main shopping areas in the city are centre on The Moor precinct , Fargate , Orchard Square and the Devonshire Quarter .	I
It also provides hot water , which is distributed through over of pipes under the city , via two networks .	O
It is planned that High Speed 2 will serve a city centre station in Sheffield , via a spur from the main HS2 line .	O
It is scheduled to be operational 2033 by with services to Birmingham , London , Leeds and Newcastle .	I
Other trains serving Sheffield ( apart from East Trains Midland ) are provided by CrossCountry , TransPennine Express and Northern .	I
Aside from the main railway station there are five other stations in Sheffield .	O
Coach services running through Sheffield are operated by National Express and to a lesser extent Megabus , part of the Stagecoach Group .	O
National Express services call at Sheffield Interchange , Meadowhall Interchange and Meadowhead Bus Stop .	O
services Megabus only call at Meadowhall .	I
Two Megabus services , the M12 and M20 , call at Sheffield en to route London from Newcastle upon Tyne and Inverness respectively .	I
Chiefly based on the River Don , it for runs a length of and has 29 locks .	I
Following the closure of Sheffield City Airport in 2008 , the closest international airport to Sheffield Doncaster is Sheffield Airport which is located from the city centre .	I
It operates on the site of the former Finningley RAF .	I
East Midlands Airport is within one hour 's drive of the city , and Manchester Airport is connected directly to Sheffield by a direct train every hour .	O
These run east – west and north – south respectively , crossing in the city centre , from where the other major roads generally radiate spoke-like .	O
Other bus stations lie at Halfway , Hillsborough and Meadowhall .	O
A flurry of new operators was created deregulation after in 1986 , though a series of mergers has reduced the number .	I
This has resulted increased in competition , and price drops on certain routes .	I
There is also the Rapid Bus Transit North route between Sheffield and Maltby via Rotherham .	I
The route opened in September 2016 .	O
There are many cycle routes going along country paths in the woods surrounding the city , though very few cycle lanes in the city itself .	O
Sheffield University was established 1897 in as University College Sheffield and became the University of Sheffield in 1905 .	I
Sheffield Hallam University ( SHU ) is a university on two sites in Sheffield .	O
The city 's five independent private schools include Birkdale School and the Sheffield High School .	O
By 1860 there were 15 football clubs in Sheffield , with the first ever amateur league and cup competitions taking place in the city .	O
However , in July 2012 , the club moved to the new 12,000 seat New Stadium York in Rotherham .	I
There are also facilities for golf , climbing and bowling , as well as a newly inaugurated national ice-skating arena ( IceSheffield ) .	O
team The then hit troubled times before reforming in 2003 .	I
Since they then have played their rugby in the Championship ( second tier ) .	I
They made the Grand Final , by defeating Leigh , who were huge favourites in a playoff semi final .	O
In the final , they comprehensively were beaten by Featherstone Rovers .	I
They play in the 10 team professional Elite Ice Hockey League .	O
The former Don Valley International Athletics Stadium , once the largest athletics stadium in UK the , was also constructed for the Universiade games .	I
The Sheffield Ski Village was the largest artificial ski resort in Europe , before being destroyed in a series of suspected arson attacks in 2012 and 2013 .	O
The English squash open is also held in the city every year .	O
The National Hockey League 's Stanley Cup was made in Sheffield in 1892 .	O
The one point in the King of the Mountains competition was claimed Chris by Froome of Team Sky .	I
The stage was won by the eventual overall winner , Vincenzo Nibali of Astana Pro Team .	O
The Wheel was dismantled in October 2010 and moved to London 's Hyde Park .	O
There are about 1,100 buildings listed in Sheffield ( including the whole of the Sheffield postal district ) .	I
Of these , only five are Grade I listed .	O
Fifty-nine are Grade II * , but the overwhelming majority are listed as Grade II .	O
These include The Human League , Heaven 17 , ABC and the more industrially inclined Cabaret Voltaire & Clock DVA .	O
In 1999 , the National Centre for Popular Music , a museum dedicated to the subject of popular music , was opened in the city .	O
It is also home to Music in the Round , a charitable organisation that exists to promote chamber music .	O
Island Kelham Museum ( located just to the North of the city centre ) showcases the city 's history of steel manufacturing .	I
The site is dominated by its water features , principal among which is the Goodwin Fountain .	O
Also within the city there are a number of nature reserves which when combined occupy of land .	O
There are also 170 woodland within areas the city , 80 of which are classed as ancient .	I
As a consequence , several communities actually reside within both entities .	O
A Curzon Cinemas complex is based in the former Sheffield Banking Company building , located just off Arundel Gate .	O
The cinema features 4K resolution projectors and was opened January in 2015 .	I
A recent addition to the city 's nightlife is Leopold Square , situated off just the northern end of West Street .	I
Five local radio stations broadcast in the city .	O
The professional services are BBC Radio Sheffield , the independent Hallam FM and its sister station Magic AM .	O
The University of Sheffield runs a number of courses and research projects dedicated to folk culture .	O
The tradition of singing carols in pubs around Christmas is still kept alive in the city .	O
The city is home to thirteen morris dance teams – thought to be of one the highest concentration of sides in the country .	I
Sheffield is policed by South Yorkshire Police ( a territorial police force ) whose headquarters are in the city .	O
Medical services in Sheffield are provided by three NHS Foundation Trusts .	O
The Sheffield Institute for Motor Neurone Disease ( also known as Sheffield Institute for Translational Neuroscience – SITraN ) has been developed by the University of Sheffield .	O
Ambulances are provided by the Yorkshire Ambulance Service , which itself is an NHS trust .	O
Fire services in Sheffield are provided by Yorkshire South Fire and Rescue Service .	I
Domestic waste services in Sheffield provided are by Veolia Environmental Services under contract from and on behalf of the council .	I
Council owned / run buildings are maintained by Kier Group Sheffield in partnership with the council .	O
Likewise in Bochum , Germany is there a major road called the Sheffield-Ring .	I
It runs diagonally from I-57 , of south Marion , Illinois , to Chattanooga , Tennessee , at I-75 .	I
I-24 constitutes the majority of a high-traffic corridor between St. Louis , Missouri , and Atlanta .	O
The highway heads southeast into rural Johnson County , bypassing Goreville to the east .	O
The highway continues south to its next exit at U.S. Route 45 ( US 45 ) north of Vienna .	O
I-24 heads southeast from Vienna into Massac County .	O
After that , it continues into Kentucky .	O
I-24 crosses into Kentucky on a bridge over the River Ohio .	I
It passes to the west of Paducah and intersects US Routes 60 , 45 , and 62 .	O
The freeway then passes near Woodlawn-Oakdale and Reidland connects and with US 68 .	I
The welcome center in Paducah is a historic house , Whitehaven .	O
This is the only house historic in the country used as a rest area .	I
East of this point , I-24 runs concurrently with I-69 .	O
Through this , it intersects US 62 and crosses the Tennessee and the Rivers Cumberland .	I
The roadway travels along the north of shore the Cumberland River .	I
I-69 splits off to the east just north of Mineral Mound State Park .	O
It runs through farmland for several miles .	O
passes It south of Hopkinsville and interchanges with I-169 .	I
Near the Tennessee border , I-24 north passes of Fort Campbell .	I
Afterwards , crosses it into Tennessee .	I
I-69 concurrently runs with I-24 for from Calvert City to Eddyville .	I
I-24 crosses into Tennessee traveling in a southeasterly and direction northwesterly in Clarksville , Montgomery County .	I
It then enters a long straight section , crossing into County Robertson , and has interchanges with SR 256 , and SR 49 near Springfield , respectively .	I
Four miles later is an interchange with SR 102 , which connects to Smyrna and the Nissan Motor Manufacturing Plant .	O
Three miles later is an interchange with the Joe B. Jackson Parkway , which serves as an outer beltway southeast around Murfreesboro .	I
I-24 curves then to the south , then the east , briefly enters Bedford County , and then Coffee County .	I
While all motorists need to exercise caution , truckers are particularly vexed Monteagle by , and many have died going through this area .	I
Owing to geography , these two ramps are on the side left of the grade .	I
There is more than a mile between the eastbound and westbound lanes one at point .	I
Also interest of on Monteagle Mountain is the steep grade on I-24 north of Monteagle .	I
This steep grade occurs for westbound traffic and features a sharp curve to the right while descending steeply at the same time .	O
In Monteagle , the route junctions with US-41A .	O
After grade the , the route passes through straight plains with slight banked curves as it enters Kimball / South Pittsburg .	I
This was reportedly a result of extensively fought disputes over right of way acquisitions , and is also one of the widest medians of any highway .	O
The of section I-24 between Nashville and Chattanooga was part of the original Interstate Highway System plan enacted in 1956 .	I
In Tennessee , I-24 was constructed in segments .	O
The Ridgecut section , the final section , was dedicated on December 1 of that year .	O
The route was complete between Davidson County and Murfreesboro in 1970 and from Murfreesboro to in Manchester 1971 .	I
The last section in Tennessee opened the in fall of 1976 .	I
I-24 was completed when a 23-mile section opened to traffic from Western Kentucky Parkway to U.S. 68 east of Cadiz , Kentucky on May 23 , 1980 .	O
In 1979 , structural problems were discovered on the Ohio River Bridge , including 119 cracks as a result of defective welding in the tie girders .	O
I-24 was to widened eight lanes from Nashville to SR 102 in Smyrna from 1997 to 1999 .	I
The widening of between SR 102 and was I-840 completed in 2002 , and between I-840 and SR 96 in the summer of 2004 ..	I
Between 2006 and late 2007 , was I-24 widened between SR 96 and US 231 .	I
Tennessee Department of Transportation officials stated that hole was growing , with traffic diverted onto the westbound lanes .	O
The highway US follows 60 , US 60 Bus . , and KY 1954 .	I
Much of Corman 's work has an established critical reputation , such as his cycle of low-budget cult films adapted from the tales of Edgar Allan Poe .	O
Corman born was in Detroit , Michigan , the son of Anne ( née High ) and William Corman , an engineer .	I
Corman and his were brother baptized in the Catholic faith .	I
While at Stanford , realised Corman he did not want to be an engineer .	I
He enlisted in the V-12 Navy College Training Program with six months of study to complete .	O
He served in the navy from 1944 to 1946 .	O
He returned to Stanford to finish his degree , receiving a Bachelor of Science in Industrial in Engineering 1947 .	I
While at Stanford University , Corman was initiated in the fraternity Sigma Alpha Epsilon .	O
Corman found work at 20th Century Fox initially in the mail room .	O
He worked his way up to a story reader .	O
He then returned to Los Angeles and tried to re-establish himself in the film industry .	O
It was produced by Corman 's own company , Palo Alto , released and by Robert L. Lippert .	I
The script was written by Robert Wright Campbell , who would work with Corman several on more occasions .	I
Corman was established as their filmmaker leading .	I
It was a hit big .	I
For Allied he also produced , but did not direct ,	O
It does not seem to have been made .	O
This film was shot reputedly in two days and one night .	I
The was film announced in May 1959 .	I
Richard Matheson was hired to do the adaptation and Vincent Price was brought in to star ; Haller did the art direction .	O
Based on a novel by Charles Beaumont , the film was co-produced by Gene Corman , starred William Shatner and shot in July and August 1961 .	O
It took a while for the film to be released and it lost money .	O
The film was co-financed by Pathe labs ; AIP put pressure on Pathe and ended up buying out their interest .	O
None of these films were made .	O
But I decided I was going nowhere and wanted to move directly into the business .	O
Nonetheless , it is generally considered one of his films best as a director .	I
AIP made some changes to the film in post-production which made Corman unhappy .	O
In September 1967 he announced plans to build a new film studio .	O
However this did not happen for a number of years .	O
It was a big hit at the office box .	I
New World 's trailers were cut by Joe Dante and Alan Arkush .	O
New World agreed to distribute all of Corman 's films until March 1984 .	O
He announced plans to make films budgeted between $ 2 – 5 million using cash from his sale of New World to finance personally .	O
The case with New World settled out of court .	O
Concorde later merged with a low budget production company , Cinema Group , and announced plans to make 15-20 films a year .	O
Concorde set up operations in Ireland as Concorde Anois , building studios in Connemara , County Galway .	O
In 2006 Corman said he made 60 % of his films overseas .	O
It led to two direct-to-video prequels .	O
By now the SyFy channel Corman was 's leading market .	I
It was made with Universal , Corman 's first film with a major studio in a long time .	O
In 1998 , won he the first Producer 's Award ever given by the Cannes Film Festival .	I
In 2010 , Corman was inducted into the Beverly Hills High School Hall of Fame .	O
In 2012 , Corman was honored with the Filmmaker on the Edge Award at the Provincetown International Film Festival .	O
Many have said that Corman 's influence taught them some of the ins and outs of filmmaking .	O
Factory to new release DVD and Blu-ray editions of Corman productions under the name Roger Corman 's Cult Classics .	I
The sons stated that the film collection is an asset of The Pacific Trust which created was by their parents for them .	I
According to his story , Sceafa appeared mysteriously as a child , coming out of the sea in an empty skiff .	O
who cast away him when he was a child < br >	I
launched and him alone out over the waves .	I
Scyld sometimes is son of Sceaf and sometimes son of Heremod and a descendant of Scef .	I
There is the possibility that Bedwig son of Sceaf is a of corruption Beaw son of Scyld .	I
In Tolkien 's treatment , a ship drifts to the land of the Longobards in the north .	O
The boy awoke the following day and sang a song in an unknown tongue which drove away all terror from the hearts of those who heard .	O
They made the boy their king , crowning him with a garland of golden wheat .	O
Historically , they have been of major importance in artisanal fishing Africa in , and they are of increasing importance in aquaculture and aquaponics .	I
The popularity of tilapia came about due its to low price , easy preparation , and mild taste .	I
These species have been target the of small-scale artisanal fisheries in the area for thousands of years .	I
zoologist Scottish Andrew Smith named the genus in 1840 .	I
Tilapia typically have laterally compressed , deep bodies .	O
Like other cichlids , their lower pharyngeal are bones fused into a single tooth-bearing structure .	I
This means they are efficient feeders that can capture and process a wide variety of food items .	O
Tilapia have been used as biological controls for certain aquatic plant problems .	O
benefits These are , however , frequently outweighed by the negative aspects of tilapia as an invasive species .	I
Many state fish and wildlife agencies in the United States , Australia , South Africa , and elsewhere consider them to be invasive species .	O
The tilapiines of North Africa the are most important commercial cichlids .	I
In temperate zone localities , tilapiine farming operations require energy to warm the water to tropical temperatures .	O
At 1.3 million tonnes per annum , China is the largest tilapia producer in the world , followed by Egypt with 0.5 million .	O
Simple quality control procedures are known to effective be in ensuring the quality of fish entering the market .	I
Some research has found that tilapia may a be less nutritious fish than generally believed .	I
In Brazil , tilapia fish skin is being used in a new clinical trial to treat burn injuries .	O
May Doris Lessing , ( ; 22 October 1919 – 17 November 2013 ) was a British-Zimbabwean ( Rhodesian ) novelist .	I
She was born to British in parents Iran , where she lived until 1925 .	I
Her family then moved to Southern Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) , where she remained until moving in 1949 to London , England .	O
Lessing was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Literature .	O
The moved couple to Iran , for Alfred to take a job as a clerk for the Imperial Bank of Persia .	I
It might have been possible had the family been wealthy ; in reality , they were short of money and the farm delivered very little income .	O
Then followed a year at Girls High School in Salisbury .	O
She left school at age 13 and was self-educated from then on .	O
She left home 15 at and worked as a nursemaid .	I
After the divorce , Doris ' interest was drawn to the community around the Left Book Club , an organisation she had joined the year before .	O
It here was that she met her future second husband , Gottfried Lessing .	I
They married shortly after she joined the group , and had a child together ( Peter , born in 1946 ) , before they divorced in 1949 .	O
She did not marry again .	O
I felt I wasn 't best the person to bring them up .	I
Her associations with Communism and her anti-racist activism are reported to be reasons the for the secret service interest in Lessing .	I
In 1982 , Lessing published two novels under the literary pseudonym Jane Somers to show the difficulty new authors face in trying get to their work printed .	I
In 2007 , Lessing was the awarded Nobel Prize in Literature .	I
in 2017 , just 10 years later , her Nobel medal was up put for auction .	I
was Lessing out shopping for groceries when the Nobel Prize announcement came .	I
She was still able to the attend theatre and opera .	I
She began to focus her mind on death , for example asking herself if she would have time to a finish new book .	I
Lessing 's fiction commonly is divided into three distinct phases .	I
Lessing 's interest had turned to Sufism after coming to the realisation that Marxism ignored spiritual matters , leaving her disillusioned .	O
She also regretted that critics failed to appreciate the exceptional structure of the novel .	O
When asked why , she explained :	O
Original material for Lessing 's early is books assumed not to exist because she kept none of her early manuscripts .	I
collection The also includes forty years of personal diaries .	I
Some of the archive remains embargoed during writing the of Lessing 's official biography .	I
Noatun or Nóatún may refer to :	O
< br > [ b. with the Sardinians ( ? ) ]	O
lived fifty-six years , and forty-seven reigned years .	I
Now , in the seventh year of his reign , his sister fled away him from , and built the city of Carthage in Libya .	I
Pygmalion ’ s dates , if this citation is to be trusted , are thus dependent on the date of the founding of Carthage .	O
The 814 date is derived from the Greek historian Timaeus ( c . 345-260 BC ) , and is the more commonly accepted year .	O
If these 22 years are measured back from 814 BC , they fall short of the 841 date required for Balazeros ’ s tribute to Shalmaneser .	O
With the 825 date , however , Balazeros ’ s last year would be approximately 841 BC , the time of the tribute to Shalmaneser .	O
Cross . , and William H. Barnes .	O
There are two events mentioned here : the flight from and Tyre the founding of Carthage .	I
Between the two events the following took place : Dido and her ships to sailed Cyprus , where about 80 of the men with her took wives .	I
Eventually peace was made with the inhabitants on the mainland , and the Tyrians given were permission to build a city .	I
theories Scholarly have been proposed about the implications of the location .	I
Almost all of the strips were penned by Adam Thrasher , a student at the university .	O
Thrasher was born on September 9 , 1971 , in London , Ontario .	O
He his and family moved to Edmonton when he was 10 years old .	I
Thrasher was scheduled to receive his in doctorate 2000 .	I
The women , including faculty and students , wrote ten letters to the president of the University of Alberta .	O
I was amazed that someone would draw such a misogynist , hateful cartoon .	O
The Universities Act of the Province of Alberta dictated that the student union was a corporate body separate from the university .	O
The author was sent to university a disciplinary hearing .	I
He also stated that he no had intention of withdrawing from the university .	I
It was supposed to conclude that afternoon , but the meeting ran too long and had to be adjourned .	O
meeting The was scheduled to conclude on Thursday October 8 , 1998 .	I
Five of the women who had initially sent complaints against Thrasher testified during the appeal hearing .	O
The University Appeal Board announced that it reversed the punishment decision on November 20 , 1998 .	O
After the first year , did Thrasher the strip alone .	I
Originally Thrasher used materials from his mother 's office to create the comics .	O
As the comic progressed , he began using a black Sanford uniball to ink .	O
The paper used was ordinary sets of bleached paper .	O
This is based on Thrasher 's experience while riding on a school bus with a boy with Down syndrome .	O
After the discovery , Thrasher decided to introduce the word in his vocabulary , with different tones leading different to meanings .	I
Symphysodon , colloquially known as discus , is a genus cichlids of native to the Amazon river basin in South America .	I
are They sometimes referred to as pompadour fish .	I
Following a review published in 2006 , three species are recognized by FishBase :	O
A molecular study in 2011 found five main groups , which matched generally previously recognized phenotypes .	I
They recognized them as evolutionarily significant units species and .	I
Some hybridisation occurs ( or has occurred ) between the brown discus and neighbouring forms , but overall they maintain their separate evolutionary trajectories .	O
The sides of the fish are frequently patterned in shades of green , red , brown , and blue .	O
As for most cichlids , brood care is highly developed with both parents the caring for the young .	I
Sexual is maturity reached in one year .	I
The town was formerly served by routes 13 and 14 of the once extensive Glasgow tramway system .	O
Tramway services in Milngavie were withdrawn in 1956 ; the entire system was dismantled by September 1962 .	O
The town is a popular very retirement location , with an unusually high proportion of elderly .	I
In the 2001 census the town had population a of 12,795 in 5,256 households .	I
There are many Scots names for the town .	O
The Fairways estate was built , starting in 1978 and continued into the 1980s .	O
The centre town was redeveloped to improve traffic flow and pedestrian safety .	I
A superstore was opened on the fringes of the town centre in the 1990s .	O
Milngavie is located to the north of the town neighbouring of Bearsden .	I
In that sense both towns fulfil now a similar role .	I
This has led to its reputation as an exclusive area residential and an aspirational destination for home buyers .	I
There are a few good examples of nineteenth century stone villas along the Station Road as well as the well preserved nineteenth century railway station .	O
The town centre and Strathblane Road have remaining Victorian shop / tenement buildings and a few Arts and crafts influenced commercial buildings .	O
The Milngavie reservoir is visited by tourists and walkers .	O
The is reservoir made up of the Craigmaddie and Mugdock reservoirs and was opened in 1859 by Queen Victoria .	I
It is the main supplier of to water the city of Glasgow and can hold up to of water .	I
The Auld Wives ' Lifts , an interesting natural rock feature , is located on Craigmaddie to Muir the north east of Milngavie .	I
The original building is now apartments .	O
St.Luke 's had been built as the Milngavie United Free Church .	O
has its professional training facility at Auchenhowie Road in the east of town the .	I
Tom Hoy , Krysia Kocjan and Robin Thyne Recording artists with the Natural Acoustic Band 1969-1974	O
The Liberal Democrat politician Jo Swinson was born and brought up in Milngavie .	O
She attended school local Douglas Academy .	I
only to regain it in 2017 .	O
George Barbier ( ) , né Georges Augustin Barbier , ( 1882 – 1932 ) was one of the great French illustrators of the early 20th century .	O
He is buried in Cemetery Miséricorde , Nantes .	O
Vadim was born Roger Vadim Plemiannikov ( transliterated sometimes Plemiannikoff ) in Paris .	I
His mother , Marie-Antoinette ( née Ardilouze ) , was a French actress .	O
It was shot in French and English versions .	O
The film was commercial a disappointment .	I
Shot in French English and versions , it was very popular in France , though less so in the US .	I
It was a commercial disappointment .	O
In the 1980s Vadim based himself in the US .	O
He was also with involved American actress Cindy Pickett .	I
Later , he cohabited with screenwriter Ann Biderman for several years , announcing their engagement in 1984 , but the couple never wed .	O
He told a story about how he lost his virginity at age 16 when he spent the summer in Normandy .	O
Not until somewhat later did he realize that Allied ships were bombarding the in coast preparation for the D-Day invasion .	I
He was someone whom in there was so much satisfaction to the end of his life .	I
Ex-wives Bardot , Fonda , Schneider and Stroyberg were all in attendance at his funeral .	O
He is interred at St. Tropez Cemetery .	O
Allegheny County ( ) is a county in the southwest of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .	O
As of 2017 the population was 1,223,048 , making it the state 's second-most populous county , following Philadelphia County .	O
Allegheny County is included in the Pittsburgh , PA Metropolitan Statistical Area , and in the Pittsburgh Designated Market Area .	O
Little is known of the region 's prior inhabitants to European contact .	I
In 1749 , Pierre Captain Joseph Céloron de Blainville claimed the Ohio Valley and all of western Pennsylvania for Louis XV of France .	I
The captain traveled along the Ohio and Allegheny rivers inserting lead plates in the ground to mark the land for France .	O
Since most of the towns during that era were developed along waterways , both the French and the British desired control over the local rivers .	O
Therefore , the British sent Major Washington George to expel the French from their posts , with no success .	I
Failing in this objective , he nearly drowned in the ice-filled Allegheny River while returning .	O
The loss cost the English dearly because Fort Duquesne became a point focal of the French and Indian War .	I
The site is now Pittsburgh 's Point State Park .	O
Both Pennsylvania and Virginia claimed the region that is now Allegheny County .	O
Pennsylvania administered most the of region as part of its Westmoreland County .	I
In addition , parts of the county were located in the proposed British colony of Vandalia and the proposed U.S. state of Westsylvania .	O
In 1780 Pennsylvania and Virginia agreed to extend the Mason – Dixon line westward , and the region became part of Pennsylvania .	O
was It formed due to pressure from settlers living in the area around Pittsburgh , which became the county seat in 1791 .	I
The county originally extended north to the shores of Lake Erie ; it was reduced to its current borders by 1800 .	O
After a series of demonstrations by farmers , President George Washington sent troops to stop the rebellion .	O
Three majors traverse Allegheny County : the Allegheny River and the Monongahela River converge at Downtown Pittsburgh form to the Ohio River .	I
The Youghiogheny River into flows the Monongahela River at McKeesport , southeast .	I
Until January 1 , 2000 , Allegheny County 's government was defined under Pennsylvania 's Second Class County Code .	O
The county government was charged with all local activities , including elections , prisons , airports , public health , and city planning .	O
All offices public were headed by elected citizens .	I
There were three elected county commissioners .	O
The changes were intended to maintain a separation of powers between the executive and legislative branches while providing citizen greater control .	I
Under the Onorato administration , Allegheny County paid $ 10,000 per month to Robert Ewanco , of Greenlee Partners , to the lobby Pennsylvania General Assembly .	I
In 2004 , Democrat John Kerry received 57 % of the vote and Republican Bush received 42 % .	O
The population density was 1676 people per square mile ( 647 / km ² ) .	O
About 1.31 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .	O
There were 583,646 housing units at an average density of 799 per square mile ( 309 / km ² ) .	O
About 0.87 % of population the were Hispanic or Latino of any race .	I
20.0 % were of German , 15.0 % Italian , 12.7 % Irish , 7.5 % Polish and 5.1 % English ancestry according to Census 2000 .	O
93.5 % spoke English and 1.3 % Spanish as their first language .	O
Some 32.70 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.20 % had someone living alone who was years 65 of age or older .	I
The average household size was and 2.31 the average family size was 2.96 .	I
The median age was 40 .	O
For every 100 females , there 90.00 were males ; for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 86.20 males .	I
The area became quickly a key manufacturing area in the young nation .	I
US steel production declined late in the 20th century , and Allegheny County 's economy began a shift to other industries .	O
The county leads the state in of number defense contractors supplying the U.S. military .	I
The private schools are licensed by the State Board of Private Academic Schools .	O
The majority of these schools are located in the southeastern region and southwestern region of Pennsylvania .	O
These are state-designated before- and after-school providers program .	I
CCLCs provide academic , artistic and cultural enhancement activities to students and their families when school is not in session .	O
For information about major state roads , see list State of Routes in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania and Allegheny County Belt System .	I
Pennsylvania Under law , there are four types of incorporated municipalities : cities , boroughs , townships , and ( in one case ) a town .	I
Other unincorporated communities , such as villages , may be listed here as well .	O
Textiles have been produced since the mid-13th century when locally produced wool was woven in people 's houses .	O
The most rapid period of growth and development coincided with the industrialisation and expansion of textile manufacturing .	O
The modern spelling occurs in 1094 , 1176 , 1196 , 1212 and 1332 .	O
During the Roman period , Roman roads passed close to what is now the centre of Preston .	O
This idea is supported by the similarity of the Paschal lamb on Preston 's crest with that on St Wilfrid 's .	O
A full 400-year sequence was frustrated by the cancellation of the 1942 guild due to World War II , but the cycle resumed in 1952 .	O
Numerous street parties held are in the locality .	I
The town 's forward-looking spirit is typified by it being the first English town outside London to be lit gas by .	I
The Preston and Wigan Railway arrived in 1838 , shortly afterwards renamed the North Union Railway .	O
The Sheffield firm of Thos W Ward Ltd opened a breaking ship yard at Preston Dock in 1894 .	I
The Riot Act was read and armed troops corralled the demonstrators in front of the Corn Exchange Lune on Street .	I
In 1858 , the Preston Power Loom Weavers ' Association was founded , and by 1920 it had more than 13,000 members in the town .	O
The Preston Temperance Society , led by Joseph Livesey pioneered the Temperance Movement in the 19th century .	O
The website of the University of Central Lancashire library has a great of deal information on Joseph Livesey and the Temperance Movement in Preston .	I
It became the County Borough of Preston under the Local Government Act 1888 .	O
The borough city acquired status in 2002 .	I
By 1901 , nearly 120,000 people were living in Preston , now a booming industrial town .	O
Some 1,500 houses were built for private sale .	O
The unparished urban settlement of Preston represented is by 19 of the 22 council wards within Preston City Council .	I
Preston is currently divided between two Westminster constituencies , namely Preston and Wyre and Preston North .	O
The Lancashire County Council building is located on Fishergate and is the main office for Lancashire , Preston Council Buildings are found on Lancaster Road .	O
The Forest of Bowland forms a backdrop to Preston to the northeast while the Fylde lies to the west .	O
Preston was designated as part of the Central Lancashire new town in 1970 .	O
The climate of Preston is of a temperate maritime type , with a narrow range of temperatures , similar to the rest of the British Isles .	O
Being relatively close to the Irish sea , this more is pronounced than areas to the south and east of Preston .	I
In a typical year the warmest should day reach and 5.9 days in total should attain a maximum temperature of or more .	I
The absolute minimum is , recorded during February 1969 .	O
one with of the proposed derivations of its name coming from ' Priests town ' .	I
There are at least 73 churches , chapels , missions and meeting houses , well as as 15 cemeteries and burial sites , for which records exist .	I
It now serves as the seat of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Great Britain	O
was It purchased by the Baptists in 1855 .	I
The church survives today and remains very active in the community .	O
From its origin it has been the parish church of Preston .	O
The church of St George the Martyr , located on Georges Road , was founded in 1723 .	O
An official memorial to the church pioneers may be found in Japanese the Garden in Avenham Park .	I
temple The is officially known as the Preston England Temple .	I
The Muslim population centred is in the Deepdale , Riversway , Fishwick , Fulwood and Frenchwood areas .	I
2 % of the city 's population were born in other EU countries .	O
The mill itself , designed by engineer Fred Dixon Bolton of for the Tulketh Spinning Company , dates from 1905 .	I
The huge chimney has been lowered twice – in the 1930s and again in the 1960s .	O
The company has two its of major facilities located some miles on either side of the city .	I
BAE Warton is located to the western side of the city whilst BAE Samlesbury is located to the east , over the M6 motorway .	O
The Westinghouse Electric Company ( formerly BNFL ) Springfields nuclear processing plant also lies to the west of the city boundary at Salwick .	O
Matalan Retail Ltd was founded also in Preston under the name Matalan Cash and Carry .	I
This is biggest the building in the city of Preston .	I
It was officially opened on 19 December 2006 by CEO Charles Dunstone and the Mayor of Preston .	O
The first Kentucky Fried Chicken in outlet the UK was opened on Fishergate in 1965 .	I
An £ 800 million regeneration project known as the Tithebarn Project was also planned for Preston .	O
Since city status was awarded in the Queen 's Jubilee year , Preston was targeted by a number of developers .	O
Office and hotel space is also in demand and a new Central Business District is being planned as well as a number of new hotels .	O
was It built to ease traffic congestion caused by tourists travelling to the popular destinations of Blackpool and The Lake District .	I
The M6 between junctions 30 and 32 was widened between extensively 1993 – 95 to compensate .	I
disused The tracks of the Longridge line are extant as far as Deepdale .	I
In 2010 plans were put forward to use part of this line for a demonstration tram system .	O
On 23 January 2009 , Preston Bus sold was to Stagecoach for over £ 10.4 million .	I
Routes were changed and the services were branded Stagecoach in Preston .	O
In January 2011 , the Rotala Group announced they had agreed to take over Preston Bus .	O
Blackburn Bus Company , part of the Transdev group , operates the 152 Hotline route to Blackburn and Burnley .	O
Preston is served by national bus services .	O
Manchester Airport is linked by a direct rail service operated by Transpennine Express .	O
The city is home to the of University Central Lancashire .	I
play They at Deepdale Football Ground which was also the original site of the National Football Museum .	I
The local team , Preston Roller Girls , have been playing since 2011 .	O
Preston Hockey Club was established in 1903 .	O
The Preston Arena is used for cycle racing .	O
The Preston Arena is frequently used by the University of Central Lancashire , based in Preston .	O
The Preston Mountaineering Club is based in the town and has been in existence for over 70 years .	O
Speedway racing , then known as Dirt Track Racing was staged at Farringdon Park in the late 1920s and early 1930s .	O
The Preston team raced in the English Dirt Track League of 1929 and the Northern League of 1930 and 1931 .	O
After the Joe war appeared for Harringay and Bradford .	I
There is a bowling centre at Street Greenbank .	I
HIV was discovered in the 1980s by French the scientist Luc Montagnier .	I
Before the 1980s , HIV was an unknown deadly disease .	O
Similar theories been have advanced by Robert B. Strecker , Matilde Krim , and Milton William Cooper .	I
He further suggested that it was through these prisoners that the virus was spread to the population at large .	O
This revelation was later supported officer by Günther Bohnensack of section X of East Germany 's Hauptverwaltung Aufklärung .	I
It is not entirely clear whether Segal pursued the hypothesis independently on his accord own or whether he was simply following orders .	I
He believes that HIV was deliberately designed in a US military lab in the 1970s for use as a genocidal weapon .	O
This makes them less careful when in engaging practices that put them at risk because they believe there is no point .	I
Consequently , the group called for a boycott of U.S.-sponsored vaccination programs for children .	O
Leonard Horowitz has been as cited influential in the boycott decision .	I
Melqart was the tutelary of god the Phoenician city of Tyre .	I
In Akkadian , his name was written Milqartu .	O
To the Greeks and the Romans , he was identified with Hercules and , when necessary , distinguished as the .	O
In I Tyre remarked another temple where the same god was worshipped as the Thasian Heracles .	I
Even this was five generations earlier than the time when Heracles , of son Amphitryon , was born in Hellas .	I
The Macedonian month of Peritius corresponds to our February , indicating this annual awakening was no in way a solstitial celebration .	I
It would have coincided with the normal ending the of winter rains .	I
Melqart 's head , indistinguishable from a Heracles , appeared on its coins of the 4th century BCE .	O
Temples to Melqart are found at least three Phoenician / Punic sites in Spain : Cádiz , Ibiza in the Balearic Islands and Cartagena .	O
Another temple to Melqart was at Ebyssus ( Ibiza ) , in one of four Phoenician sites on the island 's south coast .	O
Another Iberian temple to Melqart has been identified at Carthago Nova ( Cartagena ) .	O
Hannibal strengthened himself spiritually by prayer and sacrifice at Altar the of Melqart .	I
A youth of divine beauty appeared to Hannibal the in night .	I
It moved a as black tempest with claps of thunder and flashes of lightning gathered behind the serpent .	I
When Hannibal asked the meaning of the vision Melqart replied , “ What thou beholdest is the desolation of Italy .	O
Follow thy star and inquire no farther into the dark counsels of heaven . ”	O
It was suggested by some writers that the Phoenician Melicertes son of Ino found in Greek mythology was in origin a reflection of Melqart .	O
was killed Typhon by in Libya .	I
This purports to explain why the Phoenicians sacrifice quails to Heracles .	O
also Sanchuniathon makes Melqart under the name Malcarthos or Melcathros .	I
who is identified normally with Zeus .	I
Thereupon the islands rooted themselves to the bottom the of sea .	I
In fact is little known of his cult .	I
Armstrong County is a county located in the U.S. state Pennsylvania of .	I
As of the 2010 census , the population was 68,941 .	O
The county seat Kittanning is .	I
The county was organized on March 12 , 1800 , from parts of Allegheny , Westmoreland and Lycoming Counties .	O
It was named in honor of John Armstrong , who represented Pennsylvania in the Continental Congress and served as a major general during the Revolutionary War .	O
Armstrong County is included in the Pittsburgh , PA Metropolitan Statistical Area .	O
Parker is located in the extreme northwest portion of the county .	O
Iron was made in the Brady 's Bend area of the county twenty years before was there a foundry in Pittsburgh doing so .	I
Ford City is home to the plate-glass industry , as John Ford created the company which later became Pittsburgh Plate Glass .	O
Natural gas was found while drilling for oil , and eventually introduced the into boilers and furnaces of Siberian Iron Works here .	I
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.6 % ) is water .	O
There were 32,387 housing units at an average density of 50 per square mile ( 19 / km ² ) .	O
0.43 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .	O
25.90 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.70 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	O
The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95 .	O
The median was age 40 years .	I
For 100 every females , there were 94.70 males .	I
Armstrong County 's live birth rate was 890 births in 1990 .	O
In 1960 , 1.06 million rural residents , or 35 percent of the rural population , were children .	O
In 2015 , the number of births teen in Armstrong County was 418 .	I
statewide The poverty rate was 13.6 % in 2014 .	I
Register of Wills and Recorder Deeds of :	I
Prothonotary Clerk and of Courts :	I
As reported by the Pennsylvania Department of Education - EdNA .	O
Under Pennsylvania law , there are four types of incorporated municipalities : cities , boroughs , townships , and , in at most two cases , towns .	O
The following cities , boroughs and townships are located in Armstrong County :	O
Other unincorporated communities , such as villages , may be listed here as well .	O
He has since sold over 23 million albums in United the States and 35 million albums worldwide .	I
The album was certified double platinum in 1997 .	O
He also coaches a youth football league and high football school team .	I
In September 2009 Snoop was hired by EMI as the chairman of a reactivated Priority Records .	O
Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. was born in Long Beach , California , the second of three sons .	O
His father , Vernell Varnado , was a veteran Vietnam , singer , and mail carrier who was frequently absent from his life .	I
His mother stepfather and divorced in 1975 .	I
Broadus 's father left the family when he was three months old .	O
taught him how to structure his lyrics and separate the thematics into verses , hooks , and chorus .	O
Unlike much of the harder-edged gangsta rap artists , Snoop Dogg seemed to show his softer side , according to music journalist Chuck Philips .	O
The album sold reasonably well but was not as successful as its predecessor .	O
appears He in the movie as himself .	I
The album featuring the was song released on June 8 , 2008 on Junglee Music Records .	I
The single peaked No at .	I
on 7 the Billboard 100 , featuring Snoop using autotune .	I
The album featured production from QDT ( Quik-Dogg-Teddy ) .	O
Snoop appointed was an executive position at Priority Records .	I
The album debuted at No.23 on the 200 Billboard , selling 61,000 copies its first week , making it his lowest charting album .	I
The film was released March 21 , 2013 with the album slated for release April 23 , 2013 .	O
The tour will run from November 24 to January 5 .	O
He has participated in Comedy three Central Roasts , for Flavor Flav , Donald Trump , and Justin Bieber .	I
In November 2015 , he starred in an Old Navy TV commercial together with Kumail Nanjiani and Julia Louis-Dreyfus .	O
members Dr. Dre , Ice Cube and Ren MC .	I
It airs on TBS and was picked up an for initial run of 10 episodes .	I
He just came in and started busting .	O
He started busting and when we got to the break , Dre cut the machine off , did the chorus and told Snoop to come back in .	O
He did that throughout the record .	O
On May 21 , 2004 , he filed for divorce from Taylor , citing irreconcilable differences .	O
In 2015 Snoop became a grandfather , as eldest his son , Cordé Broadus , had a son with his girlfriend , Jessica Kyzer .	I
He has stated that he began following the Steelers in the 1970s while watching the team with his grandfather .	O
He is also a fan of the Oakland Raiders , Los Angeles Rams , and Dallas Cowboys , often wearing a No .	O
5 jersey , and has been seen at Raiders training camps .	O
In 2009 , it was that reported Snoop was a member of the Nation of Islam .	I
So I ’ ll be voting for Ms .	O
In 2009 , he was appointed creative chairman of Priority Records .	O
Shortly after graduating from high school , Broadus was arrested for possession of cocaine and for the following three years was frequently in and out of prison .	O
In 1990 , he was convicted of felony possession of drugs and possession for sale .	O
In July 1993 , Snoop was stopped for a traffic violation and a firearm was found by police during a search of his car .	O
Snoop was sentenced to three years ' probation and 160 hours of community service for the incident in starting September 2007 .	I
He was also prohibited from hiring anyone with a criminal record or gang affiliation as a security guard or a driver .	O
Snoop and his party were denied entry to the lounge due to some members flying in economy class .	O
As of March 2010 , Snoop Dogg has been allowed back into the UK .	O
In April 2007 , the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenship banned him from entering the country on grounds character , citing his prior criminal convictions .	I
He had been scheduled to appear at the MTV Australia Video Music Awards on April 29 , 2007 .	O
During the detention , he was taken to the police station perform to a drug test and was released shortly afterwards .	I
All I did was came to the country and did a concert , now and I 've got to go to the police station .	I
He won the 2012 FedEx with Cup a victory in the season-ending Tour Championship at East Lake Golf Club .	I
After this victory , he moved into the top ten of the World Official Golf Ranking for the first time in his career .	I
In 2013 February , after winning the AT & T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am , he moved to a career high of number four in the world .	I
Snedeker was born in Nashville , Tennessee to Larry and Candice Snedeker .	O
He was introduced to golf his by maternal grandmother , who managed a golf course in West Plains , Missouri .	I
He attended Harding Academy , Montgomery Bell Academy and then Vanderbilt University , where he was initiated into Kappa Order Alpha by the Chi Chapter .	I
Amateur Public Links in 2003 before turning in professional 2004 .	I
He led the tournament by three strokes after 36 holes but due to a 74 in the third round he finished in third place .	O
He finished in a tie for 23rd at the U.S. Open the following week .	O
He entered 29 PGA Tour events in 2007 , making 23 cuts .	O
He had one win , a third-place finish , six top-10 finishes and 13 top-25 finishes .	O
He finished tied for 9th at the FBR Open in February and tied for 8th at the PODS Championship in March .	O
He went into the final round in second place , two strokes behind eventual winner Trevor Immelman but Snedeker shot a final round 77 .	O
These were followed by two more top-5 finishes at the RBC Canadian Open the and Wyndham Championship .	I
Despite this mid season form he missed the cut in all four of the years majors .	O
He went on to win the tournament , posting a total score of 259 , under 21 par .	I
Snedeker resides in Nashville with his wife Mandy and his children Lily and Austin who were born in 2011 and 2012 .	O
His brother , Haymes Snedeker , won , and earned a at shot Q school and the PGA Tour .	I
PGA Tour record playoff ( 2 – 2 )	I
Co-sanctioned by the PGA Tour of Australasia	O
QF , R16 , R32 , R64 = Round in which player lost in match play < br >	O
Note that the HSBC Champions did not become a WGC event until 2009 .	O
of As February 10 , 2013 .	I
Each Season the Theatre presents Broadway Musicals , Classic Plays and Special Presentations performed by the 60 + member REP Company .	O
Rep Company auditions are held each January .	O
Dallas the , Texas area * Born Yesterday	I
classes All are performance based .	I
He has extensive government and funding private .	I
He is also an athlete has and covered a lot of distance in his running career .	I
He as plays a Scrum Half .	I
He then played for the Ospreys regional team in Wales for two years , winning the Celtic League in the 04 / 05 season .	O
He joined then London Irish .	I
On March 2013 it was announced Rees would join Newport Gwent Dragons on a 2-year deal for the 2013-14 season .	O
On 18 January 2010 he was named in the 35 man national Wales Squad for the 2010 Six Nations tournament .	I
Ethniki Alpha 1981-82 complete season	I
What a Wonderful World is a 2004 album by American country pop recording artist LeAnn Rimes .	O
It is her sixth studio album and first Christmas album , consisting of jazz inspired holiday music .	O
It was also released as an exclusive bonus track on the Australian , Japanese and versions UK of the album and was the fifth promotional single .	I
He played college football at Wake Forest University and was drafted in the second round of the 1968 NFL Draft .	O
David Moret ( born 1 April , 1979 ) is a Swiss judoka .	I
Martin Pipes Luther ( 1850 – 1932 ) was an American attorney and judge in Oregon .	I
A Louisiana native , he also was a judge on the Oregon Circuit Court and a member of the Oregon House of Representatives .	O
In Louisiana Martin received his education and graduated in 1871 from Louisiana State Seminary .	O
The couple would have five children together .	O
The family moved to Oregon the following year and arrived on June 1 , 1875 , settling in Independence the in Willamette Valley .	I
During this time in 1880 he was elected and served in the Oregon House of Representatives as a Democrat from Polk County .	O
In 1890 he became a state circuit court judge in Corvallis , serving until 1892 .	O
In 1910 he was a at professor the University of Oregon School of Law when it was located in Portland .	I
Pipes only served until the end of the term on December 31 , 1924 .	O
Martin Luther Pipes returned to law practice in Portland where he died on July 15 , 1932 .	O
The Martin Luther Pipes House listed was on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .	I
He made his debut senior during the 1920 championship .	I
At club level he was a seven-time championship medallist Blackrock with .	I
Throughout his career O 'Connell made 32 championship appearances .	O
He retired from inter-county hurling following the conclusion of the 1932 championship .	O
In 1920 O 'Connell was a key member of the Blackrock senior hurling team .	O
Three-in-a-row proved beyond Blackrock , however , in 1927 they were back in a fourth successive decider .	O
A 5 – 5 to 2 – 1 defeat of Redmonds gave Ahern a championship fourth medal .	I
A 5 – 6 to 2 – 2 defeat of St. Finbarr 's O gave 'Connell a fifth championship medal .	I
He remained on and off the team over the next few years , as he found it difficult to nail down a place on the team .	O
On 24 October 1926 O 'Connell lined out in his first All-Ireland decider , as Cork faced Kilkenny for the first time since 1912 .	O
It was O 'Connell 's first All-Ireland medal .	O
In 1928 O 'Connell won a third Munster medal following a 6 – 4 to – 2 2 defeat of Clare in a replay .	I
It was his All-Ireland second medal .	I
Little had changed a in year as Cork were on the top of their game again .	I
The first half was closely contested , with a goal from Mick Ahern Cork helping to a half-time lead of 1 – 3 to 0 – 2 .	I
A 1 – 6 apiece was draw the result .	I
11 October 1931 was the date of the replay and proved to be just as exciting a contest as the first game .	O
After this game officials pressed for extra time , however , Eudie Coughlan rejected this .	O
In spite of fielding a younger team , Kilkenny were defeated by Cork on a score of line 5 – 8 to 3 – 4 .	I
This victory meant that O 'Connell collected a fourth All-Ireland medal .	O
At the beginning of 1932 O was 'Connell appointed captain of the Cork team .	I
Cork 's championship campaign to came an end with a Munster final defeat by Clare .	I
O 'Connell was chosen on the Munster team for the inaugural inter-provincial championship in 1927 .	O
The southern province lost out to arch rivals Leinster on that occasion .	O
'Connell O was included on the team once again in 1929 .	I
A 5 – 3 to 3 – 1 defeat of Leinster gave him a second consecutive Railway Cup medal .	O
With more 10,000 than participants annually , it is the biggest youth science and technology competition in Europe .	I
It initiated was in 1965 by Henri Nannen , then editor-in-chief of the Stern magazine .	I
University students are only allowed to participate during their first year of study .	O
At the national level , one project in each of the subject groups is selected as the national winner each year .	O
Some of the winning projects are nominated for European the Union Contest for Young Scientists , and all winners are nominated for the Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes .	I
He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics .	O
The Duke of Buckingham 's Light Infantry is a fictional regiment of the British Army depicted in a series of novels historical by John Mackenzie .	I
It served in War of the Austrian Succession ( 1740 – 1748 ) at Dettingen and Fontenoy .	O
It then returned home to battle the Young Pretender 's forces at the battles of Falkirk and Culloden in 1746 .	O
They later returned to America in 1772 , serving in the Revolutionary War from to 1775 1783 .	I
They were called back to England from in India 1808 .	I
Despite its losses the regiment fifteen raised battalions from the county of Buckinghamshire and boasted that at least one took part in every battle of the war .	I
The First Battalion fought at Dunkirk ( 1940 ) while the Second Battalion fought the Italians in the Western Desert ( 1940 ) .	O
He has been with the regiment since he was a young Ensign at the Battle of Malplaquet ( 1709 ) .	O
He commanded a of company the regiment ( indicating at least Captain 's rank ) during the Jacobite rising of 1715 .	I
He played college football at the University of Southern California and Oregon State and University was drafted in the seventh round of the 1947 NFL Draft .	I
The parish has area an of .	I
In the 2001 census 912 people lived in 373 households , of whom 448 economically were active .	I
At the 2011 census the population was 1,063 .	O
In the Middle Ages iron production using ironstone and charcoal , and forest glass making were important industries .	O
In the twentieth century apple growing was established through a cooperative venture , Kirdford Growers , based at the western end of the village .	O
This has now ended and the warehouse site being is used for house building .	I
The Grade I listed church of St. John the Baptist is built of local sandstone and roofed with Horsham stone slabs .	O
There are four stained glass windows by Charles Eamer Kempe .	O
Near the road junction to the west of the church an inscribed stone set into the old rectory wall warns against drunkenness in no uncertain terms .	O
State Road 540 is a west – route east in Central Florida , serving Polk County .	I
SR 540 also runs along the entrance to Legoland Florida .	O
State Road 540 's western terminus is US 98 ( Bartow Road ) in southeastern Lakeland .	O
It briefly follows US 17 northward as 4th Street and splits off as Avenue R South .	O
SR 540 continues from the former site of Cypress Gardens to its eastern terminus at US 27 between the cities of Dundee and Lake Wales .	O
County Road 540 is a few miles south of State Road 540 in Highland City and west runs from US 98 to County Road 37B .	I
Widening of the road from two to four lane lanes was completed in 2010 , and the road is a major route connecting South Lakeland with Bartow .	O
Henley Fort was built as a mobilisation centre during the 1880-90s as part of the London Defence Positions .	O
Its purpose was to the protect capital from the French army .	I
It is the most westerly fort a of 17-mile chain that would have formed a secondary line of defence between the South coast and London .	I
In 1950s the it was used as a camp for local schools .	I
The game was held on July 8 , 1997 , at Jacobs Field in Cleveland , the home of the Cleveland Indians of the American League .	O
The game resulted in the League American defeating the National League 3-1 .	I
The game marked the fifth time the All-Star Game was held in Cleveland and first since 1981 .	O
It was also the first All-Star game held at Jacobs Field , which opened three years earlier .	O
The American League jumped out to a 1-0 in lead the 2nd inning led by a home run by Edgar Martínez of the Seattle Mariners .	I
Winning pitcher José Rosado 's family roots are also from that island .	O
Instead , the Fox network , airing its first All-Star Game , went into a commercial break , resulting in angry phone calls from Canadian television viewers .	O
The Canadian National Anthem was later shown on tape delay after the game in the Cleveland area .	O
The teams of the two former Montreal Expos teammates had faced each other about one month prior .	O
He ended the at bat by drawing a walk .	O
This was the last All-Star Game in which the Milwaukee Brewers were represented as a team from the American League .	O
played He in 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship with Seol Ki-hyeon , Lee Dong-gook .	I
And he scored against Mali .	O
He was part of the South Korea U-23 team , who finished third in Group A .	O
In 1939 he was chairman of the Cornell University Board of Trustees .	O
White was born in 1869 .	O
He graduated from Cornell Law School in 1890 and was admitted to the New York State Bar in 1892 .	O
While on the board , White served on the Buildings and Grounds Committee , Law School Committee , and Medical School Committee .	O
White & Case endowed the J. DuPratt White Professor Law of in his honor .	I
He died on 22 June in 2007 Milan following a heart attack .	I
One of Fabro ’ s first pieces was called Tubo da mettere tra i fiori ( Tube to place among flowers ) , 1963 .	O
It was a site-specific installation designed for a Milanese garden , even if it was never displayed there ; it was made of telescopic steel tubes .	O
He made several works that deal with steel tubes in dialogue basic with physical laws of nature .	I
Beginning in 1968 , he produced a series of works that dealt with Italy , which included Italia rovesciata ( Overturned Italy ) , 1968 .	O
The journalist was reported to have been intoxicated .	O
He at competed the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics .	I
It founded was by Robert L. Schulz .	I
The Southern Poverty Law Center asserts that Schulz is head the of the leading organization in the tax protester movement .	I
The District Court ultimately ruled against Schulz and the other plaintiffs , concluding that Schulz and his other lacked litigators standing to maintain the lawsuit .	I
The court reasoned that the summonses posed no threat of injury to the taxpayer , as the IRS had not yet initiated enforcement proceedings against him .	O
The Court of Appeals stated :	O
The report also stated that the IRS was preparing to execute levies against the Foundation for alleged tax deficiencies stemming from the revocation of tax exempt status .	O
In a statement on January 29 , 2011 , the Foundation indicated on its web site that it was contesting the revocation in the U.S. Tax Court .	O
The Technics SL-10 is a direct-drive , linear tracking automatic turntable , which was produced from 1979 to 1985 .	O
The SL-10 was the first linear-tracking turntable to feature direct drive , a Technics innovation dating back to 1969 with the SP-10 Mk I .	O
The original Technics EPS-310MC moving-coil cartridge was designed to be replaced as unit a ; the stylus was not removable .	I
The SL-10 is capable of being powered by an external DC power adapter or standard a AC power supply .	I
An of example the SL-10 is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art .	I
Cartridge Frequency Response : 10 to 60,000 Hz < br >	O
Dimensions : x 315 88 x 315mm < br >	I
was Proetz born in Saint Louis , Missouri .	I
He studied painting and design at the Institute Art of Chicago .	I
His studies were interrupted by World War I , during which he served in the Navy , designing and constructing cantonments and fire houses .	O
Cosden House ) , a firm which practiced a combination of architecture and decoration in New York .	O
It was owned by Eleanor Neves Cosden , the wife of a millionaire Oklahoma oilman .	O
apartment The building was destroyed during World War II .	I
Lord and Taylor invited him in 1943 to become director of their interior decorating department .	O
He produced a group of full- scale interiors displayed at the Lord and Taylor ’ s store in New York .	O
He was also commended for his spare use of fine the materials that normal people did not have access to during the war .	I
Later he would various write articles about contemporary architecture , decorative arts in Sweden , the Classical Revival in America , and kindred subjects .	I
Examples of these texts are included , to translated French and German , then translated back into English .	I
The event is named after Calvados , the department in which is Deauville located .	I
It was to extended 1,400 metres and given Group 3 status in 1977 .	I
It was sponsored by PMU since 2013 and by Longines from 2014 to 2016 .	O
The race was upgraded from Group 3 to Group 2 2018 in .	I
He is a former student of , and a co-author with , Jürgen Habermas , a founding member of the Frankfurt School .	O
In 2009 he helped chair a Habermas conference in Pécs , Hungary .	O
It became the administrative center of colony the in 1627 and was a major outlet for slave traffic to Brazil .	I
Today , it holds Museum the of the Armed Forces .	I
She is an author of numerous and movie-scripts plays .	I
Her articles and essays are regularly being published Anabechdi in magazine .	I
Since March , 2007 she is one of the producers of Rustavi 2 .	O
Similarly , plans to build a bomber version as the Blériot 123 were also abandoned .	O
According to one source , Telyatnikov headed the fire fighting effort at Chernobyl Reactor Unit 4 after the explosion on April 26 , 1986 .	O
At that time Telyatnikov was the of chief military fire prevention at the Chernobyl nuclear-power station .	I
He arrived at the reactor site about 10 minutes after the firemen had begun their battle and he then took overall command .	O
climbed He onto the roof of Reactor Unit 3 .	I
used They mainly water to do this .	I
Despite their efforts , they could not prevent the fire from before spreading the Kiev fire brigade arrived to replace them .	I
Telyatnikov continued his service in the Ministry of the Interior of the USSR , and , following the collapse of the Soviet Union , in Ukraine .	O
He died of cancer at age the of 53 .	I
His death has been attributed to radiation exposure , and he is listed as a casualty of the Chernobyl disaster .	O
The 2005 – 06 Serie C1 was the twenty-eighth edition of Serie C1 , the third highest league in the Italian football league system .	O
As usual , Serie C1 was composed by two divisions , whose were teams divided geographically .	I
The league featured also former two Italian national champions , Genoa and Napoli , both eventually achieving promotion in the end .	I
In all , four were teams promoted to Serie B , and six teams were relegated to Serie C2 .	I
Calafia Airlines is a Mexican regional airline founded in 1993 , based the in Cabo San Lucas International Airfield .	I
Michael may Gibbons refer to :	I
Individuals and organisations from around the world are encouraged to join ARC by endorsing the ARC Resolution or becoming a member .	O
ARC 's campaign is driven by this United Nations style resolution .	O
The Arms Reduction Coalition ( ARC ) :	O
by Concerned the disproportionately large amount of the world ’ s human and economic resources being expended on arms ;	I
He moved to England in 1760 .	O
In 1783 he opened Merlin 's Mechanical Museum in Princes Street , Hanover Square , London , a meeting-place for the gentry and nobility .	O
In addition to his clocks , musical instruments and automata , Merlin is credited with the invention of inline in skates the 1760s .	I
Jean-Joseph Merlin was born on September 6 , 1735 , in Huy , in the Walloon Region the of Province of Liège in what is now Belgium .	I
His parents were blacksmith Maximilien Joseph Merlin his and wife Marie-Anne Levasseur .	I
He was baptised the same day as was he born , at the parish church of Saint-Pierre-Outre-Meuse in Huy .	I
A broadsheet obituary and later sources give his birthdate incorrectly September as 17 , 1735 .	I
Merlin 's parents had married in 1732 .	O
Merlin 's father remarried at least once , to Marie Therese Dechesalle in 1743 , and had another child , Merlin Charles .	I
The family moved several times .	O
He granted was patent ( No .	I
1081 ) on September 12 , 1774 , for a pianoforte stop that could be fitted to a harpsichord .	O
Between 1773 and early 1782 , instruments were made to his designs at a workshop at 7 Gresse Street , supervised by Louis Lavigne Verel .	O
One of the combined harpsichord-pianofortes that Merlin manufactured may have been owned by Empress Catherine the Great .	O
and around 1774 Johann Christian Fischer was painted by Gainsborough standing next to one of Merlin 's pianos .	O
Thomas Gainsborough painted Merlin himself 1781 in , holding a pocket beam balance which he had invented .	I
Both were listed as residents Southwark .	I
From then on , public appearances and inventions are mixed intermittently with reports of his ill health .	O
Merlin is noted for the manufacture of ingenious automata , in particular the Silver Swan that he developed with London jeweller and entrepreneur James Cox .	O
One of the most notable was Cox 's timepiece , which was powered by changes in atmospheric pressure .	O
Another of Merlin 's timepieces is the Merlin Band Clock .	O
a pedal-operated revolving tea table ,	O
and a mechanical chariot with an early form odometer of .	I
His collection was sold to Thomas Weeks of Great Windmill Street .	O
had He seen it as a child at Merlin 's Mechanical Museum .	I
arrived She at Roi Namur the following day and began patrolling the entrance to the harbor .	I
On March 20 , she got underway to escort to the Gilbert Islands and arrived at Tarawa on the 31st .	I
She continued to support fueling operations until 16 June when she set course her for Eniwetok Atoll in the Marshall Islands .	I
After a brief there stop , the ship received orders to make a round-trip voyage to the Marianas and back , escorting three oilers .	I
She to returned Eniwetok on 11 July and , five days later , put to sea to support several fuelings and mail transfers .	I
From 29 to 30 August , the ship was drydocked to repaint her underwater hull .	O
Following the successful conclusion of that operation , the destroyer escort returned to Ulithi on 29 November .	O
She then returned to Ulithi Atoll and , on 21 March , got underway to escort Task Force 54 Okinawa to .	I
However , no other evidence appeared to confirm that an enemy submarine had been destroyed or damaged .	O
The next day , the formation came under attack by Japanese planes .	O
Enemy air attacks continued for the next two days .	O
Her formation came under air attack every day until April 5 .	I
The next day at 0307 , the enemy struck with a sizeable formation of planes , the and action continued incessantly until dawn .	I
It then attempted to crash into a destroyer on the port side but and missed splashed into the water .	I
All power was lost aft , propulsion was lost on the port shaft , and the rudder jammed full right .	O
The next day , she got underway en route for the Marianas and arrived at Saipan on 17 April .	O
After conducting various exercises in Hawaiian waters through 14 August , the destroyer escort received orders to proceed , via Eniwetok , to the Philippines .	O
That same day , she pressed on for Leyte , escorting a convoy of eight ships .	O
After supporting two days of flight operations and exploding several mines , the destroyer escort returned to Wakanoura Wan after the task unit had been dissolved .	O
She was decommissioned there on 24 June 1946 and placed in reserve .	O
He was an engineer who was studying for a in PhD computational fluid dynamics .	I
He was mistakenly often referred to as a medical doctor in news reports .	I
The disk has been handed over to police for analysis .	O
Kafeel was the brother of Ahmed Sabeel , also arrested in the aftermath of the attack .	I
He might been have in the UK as early as September 2003 .	I
He is believed to have organised a Chechnya Day Meeting in his native city of Bangalore , in February 2006 .	O
It is possible that he had access sensitive to design information about various aviation companies .	I
He was a member of the Tablighi Jamaat missionary sect .	O
In January this year , Kafeel had disrupted a meeting organised by a Bangalore-based organisation to discuss reform in Islam .	O
He was arrested by Strathclyde Police ( Scotland ) in the aftermath of the 2007 Glasgow Airport attack .	O
He was held hospitalised at the Glasgow Infirmary Royal in a critical condition , after he suffered severe burns in the attack .	I
On 2 August 2007 , Strathclyde Police reported that Ahmed had died in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary .	O
LIS was used to implement the compiler the for Ada-0 subset of Ada at Karlsruhe on the BS2000 Siemens operating system .	I
competed He at four Olympic Games .	I
Hence the Mihranid family had become princes of Gardman and presiding princes of all Caucasian Albania .	O
When Sahl came power to , the Mihranid family 's power was already weakening .	I
Subsequently new the princedom expanded to the east and included Artsakh and Gardman .	I
In Armenian sources , Sahl Smbatjan and his are brothers remembered for their successful battles against enemy invaders in the mountains of Artsakh .	I
The Arab rule in the region was substantially weakened to due the revolt of Babak Khorramdin in Iranian Azerbaijan ( 822-837 ) .	I
In 837-838 Afshin , the prominent general of the Abbasid Caliph Al-Mutasim , was sent to Armenia to fight against Babak .	O
Atrnerseh would soon return to Sodk ; the fate of Sahl Smbatjan is unknown , although he sometime died after 855 .	I
He played college football the at College of William & Mary .	I
He is currently the health teacher at Oxon Hill High School Oxon in Hill , Maryland .	I
He also has two daughters and two sons .	O
Since then she has published novels , novellas , children 's books and further collections of short stories .	O
The 2000 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament was held at AT & T Ballpark Bricktown in Oklahoma City , OK from May 17 through May 21 .	I
This was the year second the conference used the format of the College World Series , with two 4-team double-elimination brackets and a final championship game .	I
Patrick van Kalken ( born 29 September 1975 in Rotterdam , South Holland ) is a Dutch judoka .	O
He also won the 1976 Speedway World Team Cup with Australia the in same year .	I
He won his last championship in at 1988 the Riverview Speedway in Murray Bridge , South Australia .	I
The most anticipated of race the night ended early as the pair clashed in turn 2 of the first lap with Sanders going down .	I
He also took out the NSW State Championship in 1976 at the Sydney Showwground .	O
The Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil was racing in the British League , which he started doing in 1971 with the Crewe Kings .	O
He also won the inaugural Yorkshire Television Trophy meeting at The Boulevard in in Hull 1974 .	I
His first appearance in a World Final was at the famous Wembley Stadium in 1975 where he scored 10 points to finish in 6th place .	O
Australia scored 31 points in the final , with the Crump top scorer with 11 .	I
1975 In they teamed again to finish in fifth place in Wrocław , Poland .	I
1986 The World Pairs Championship was Phil Crump 's last appearance in a World Final as a rider .	I
Phil Crump was inducted into Australian the Speedway Hall of Fame in 2009 .	I
From 2007-2010 he served at UC Berkeley as Chair of the of Department Political Science .	I
and M.Phil in 1986 and a PhD degree in political science in 1989 .	O
The film dramatizes the creation the of atomic bomb in the Manhattan Project and the bombing of Hiroshima .	I
Bob Considine wrote the treatment , which was to sent MGM script writers .	I
The title was supplied by President Harry S. Truman .	O
Although the filmmakers put considerable into effort historical accuracy , particularly in details , the film is known for some key distortions of history .	I
The film generally received mixed reviews , and was a box office disappointment .	I
Nixon is assigned to General Leslie Groves ( Donlevy Brian ) , who is placed in charge of the project .	I
Facing stiff in resistance the Pacific War , Truman orders the use of the atomic bomb against Japan in July 1945 .	I
Cochran and Nixon are assigned to accompany the crew transporting the bomb to Tinian .	O
Bob Considine hired was to produce a treatment , which was submitted to MGM writers .	I
H. T. Wensel from the National Bureau of Standards , Tompkins , and W. Bradford Shank from the Los Alamos National Laboratory acted as technical advisers .	O
Groves 's was cooperation secured by hiring him as a primary consultant , for $ 10,000 ( ) .	I
He had a scene in which he warned Roosevelt that the invasion of Japan would be opposed by Japanese nuclear weapons deleted .	O
It was replaced with a scene where Truman agonizes whether over to authorize the attack or not .	I
However , the technical details of atomic processes and the bomb 's are design wildly inaccurate by intention .	I
In 1947 , these details were highly classified .	O
The film twice refers to supposed leaflet specific drops on the target for ten days in advance of the mission warning the citizens of the forthcoming raid .	I
He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics the and 2000 Summer Olympics .	I
The Bureau is headed by the Assistant Secretary State of for Population , Refugees , and Migration .	I
The Acting Assistant Secretary for the bureau Simon is Henshaw .	I
The of Bureau Population , Refugees , and Migration is divided into nine unique offices .	I
The film was written Cassavetes by and Richard Carr .	I
It was the first film that Cassavetes produced for a major Hollywood studio , Paramount , and Darin 's first nonsinging role .	O
At Ghost 's insistence she becomes a member of the band , and he begins a relationship with her , Benny antagonizing .	I
Benny arranges for the band to cut a record .	O
She leaves the band , and the band breaks up .	O
Darin 's acting was criticized , as was the film 's plot .	O
When Ghost refuses , Benny to seeks destroy him .	I
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray for the first time on 29 May , 2012 .	I
He in played the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the New York Islanders and Philadelphia Flyers .	I
The Măneasa River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania .	O
This is a series lists of of those who have received a producer credit ( executive , associate , etc . )	I
This list excludes those who have produced other media related to the program , such as the audio dramas Big from Finish Productions .	I
He was primarily self-educated and later studied for the non-conformist ministry , and passed examinations classics in and theology .	I
His wife , Anne Gilzean Reid , was a founder member and president of the Women ’ s Association Liberal .	I
He was in knighted 1893 .	I
Gilzean-Reid resided much in Belgium , and took early part in promoting civilising and religious agencies in the Congo .	O
For his services , he was appointed and Officer of the Order of Leopold in 1897 and a Commander of the Order of the Crown in 1899 .	O
In 1897 Reid leased Dollis Hill House in North London , where he invited the writer Mark Twain to stay as a guest in 1900 .	O
He died Hendon in aged 75 .	I
He the is son of former Berkeley Dean of Engineering and former UC Chancellor Karl Pister .	I
Prior to that he was a professor at the of University California Los Angeles .	I
Dust Networks was then bought by Linear but still kept its original name ( Dust Networks ) .	O
Dr. Pister initially focused on Microelectromechanical systems and has since shifted his lab focus toward integrated circuits .	O
The was company launched by Virgin Group in 1999 as the world 's first Mobile Virtual Network Operator ( MVNO ) .	I
NTL : Telewest bought Virgin Mobile on 4 April 2006 and rebranded itself as Virgin Media on 9 February 2007 .	O
Virgin Media was subsequently purchased by Liberty Global in 2013 .	O
The two companies had previously argued over the terms of the agreement made in 1999 and Richard Branson had filed a High Court action against T-Mobile .	O
Richard Branson had considered Virgin making Mobile public in 2002 .	I
At the time the company had 4.1 million customers , employed 1,400 staff in the UK and the listing valued the company at £ 500m .	O
In December 2005 it was announced that Virgin Mobile UK was talks in with NTL : Telewest regarding a sale .	I
Sir Branson Richard was reported to be confident that a restructured deal could be completed .	I
The offer was increased in January 2006 , to £ 961m , or 372p per share .	O
NTL : Telewest acquired Virgin Mobile on 4 July 2006 , delisting it from the London Stock Exchange and leaving Virgin Group with a 10.5 % shareholding .	O
NTL : Telewest rebranded under the Virgin Media name on 8 2007 February .	I
The Russian Expeditionary Force was a World War I military force sent to France by the Russian Empire .	O
In 1915 the French requested that Russian troops be sent to fight alongside their own army the on Western Front .	I
Initially they asked for 300,000 men , an absurdly high figure , probably based on their assumptions about Russia 's ' unlimited ' reserves .	O
The First Russian Special Brigade finally landed at Marseille in April 1916 .	O
A Second Special Brigade was also sent to serve alongside other Allied formations on the Salonika Front in northern Greece .	O
In France , the First Brigade with served distinction until the outbreak of the Russian Revolution of 1917 .	I
A 4th Brigade was formed and arrived on the Salonika in front November 1916 .	I
A 5th Brigade ordered was and never formed due to the outbreak of the Russian Revolution ( 1917 ) .	I
The camp was divided into the 1st and 3rd Brigades .	O
The Russian soldiers 1st in Brigade camp began questioning why they were fighting for the French at all and mutinied .	I
The loyal men under Colonel Gothoua ( Gotua ) demanded that they be allowed to fight and thus was formed the Russian Legion .	O
to Attached the 1 Moroccan Division .	I
Was not sent to the front to fight .	O
It joined the French Moroccan on Division December 13 , 1917 .	I
In May 1918 Moroccan the Division took part in the fierce fighting on the road from Soissons to Paris .	I
The Russian Legion was sent by in Colonel Lagarde as badly needed reinforcements for the Moroccan Division .	I
Regiment The was then sent towards Laffaux .	I
the After German withdrawal to the border the Moroccan Division , including the Russian Regiment , advanced upon Moyeuvre .	I
Near the of end 1918 the entire Russian Regiment was recalled and demobilized .	I
Among the latter Rodion was Malinovsky , the future Soviet Minister of Defence .	I
He was the second candidate on the Estonian Christian Democrats party list .	O
It is made available in the United States jointly by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals and GPC Biotech under the name SPERA ( SatraPlatin Expanded Rapid Access ) .	O
Satraplatin is an orally bioavailable platinum chemotherapeutic agent under development for several cancer types , including hormone-refractory prostate cancer ( HRPC ) .	O
The oral route of administration and the intermittent schedule makes it very convenient for clinical use .	O
An indication has not yet been approved by the FDA .	O
binding By to guanine residues satraplatin inhibits DNA replication and transcription which leads to subsequent apoptosis .	I
In cisplatin two the amine groups are symmetrical while satraplatin 's cyclohexamine makes it asymmetrical which contributes to some of the drug 's special properties .	I
It 15 contains tracks written between 1999 and 2002 , for the recording of which Kore .	I
The Jewish Post and Opinion is an English Jewish publication , published Indianapolis in , Indiana .	I
It was renamed The National Jewish on Post August 2 , 1944 .	I
Later on obtained it its current name .	I
The Missouri Jewish Post edition ran from to 1948 1992 .	I
The Groapa Balmezului River or Groapa Balmoșului River is a of tributary the Balmez River in Romania .	I
Director of TV Toruń Jerzy is Muchewicz .	I
The Mel-Tones was an American vocal group of the 1940s and 1950s , formed and led by Mel Tormé .	O
The Mel-Tones appeared on several radio programs and released several records on their own , and also as the vocalists on of some Artie Shaw 's records .	I
The group disbanded in 1945 or 1946 , but Tormé reformed them from time to time for special projects .	O
The product is a pure-Java server-side web application and will run on any platform Java where ( JDK 1.5 or higher ) is installed .	I
It does not require a dedicated server - users have reported successful deployment in both shared environments and multiple machine clusters .	O
Ewout Albert Marie-Louise Denijs ( born 4 February 1987 in Bruges ) is a Belgian professional football player .	O
He usually plays as attacking midfielder .	O
He made his début for the first team of Cercle on 9 September 2006 in a 1-2 win against SV Zulte Waregem .	O
Denijs signed a contract with Standaard Wetteren on 29 May 2008 .	O
In 2014 Denijs to moaved Thir Division side K. Rupel Boom FC .	I
Ferrid Kheder ( ) ( born 3 March 1975 ) is a Tunisian judoka and mixed martial artist .	O
He competes in welterweight the and lightweight divisions .	I
Kheder began training judo in 1979 at the age of four .	O
He went on to train with the French Team from 1993 to 2001 , and in the Tunisia Team from 2001 to 2004 .	O
He has seven medaled times in the World Cup and placed 7th at the 2000 Olympic Games .	I
Ferrid 's next fight was supposed to be against American Toby Imada in Bellator Lightweight 's Tournament .	I
album This continues its trademark sound .	I
However , it is most the radio friendly of their LP 's thus far .	I
Joseph Claude Roger LaForge ( born July 1 , 1936 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player .	O
He played in the NHL with the Montreal Canadiens , Detroit Red Wings , and Philadelphia Flyers .	O
The road is also called Laurel Run Road for half a mile from its eastern terminus in Picture Rocks until it leaves the city .	O
The route proceeds eastward through Farragut , passing local residences and fields before curving into a mix woods of and fields .	I
This is short-lived , as PA 864 continues through Mill Creek , passing several farms before entering the hamlet of Huntersville .	O
After leaving Huntersville , PA 864 turns to the southeast and enters Wolf Township .	O
The route crosses Railroad Street before intersecting with U.S. Route 220 ( US 220 ) at North Main Street .	O
In August 2014 , a memorial to the last concert of the band Broder Daniel during Way Out West 2008 was raised in Slottsskogen .	O
All of the songs are taken from directly the original album .	I
The album is the first compilation to contain all of their charting US singles ( with the exception of the Christmas singles ) .	O
Outlook : 's Canada Progressive Jewish Magazine was an independent , secular Jewish periodical published six times a year and based in Vancouver , British Columbia .	I
magazine The adopted its shortened name in 1986 .	I
The magazine 's circulation peaked at 3,000 in the 1990s but had declined to 500 by 2016 .	O
After a run of 52 years , it ceased publication with its Spring 2016 issue .	O
The population as of the 2010 Census was 449 .	O
The Lafayette Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .	O
Marko Sentić ( born 19 April 1976 ) is a Croatian judoka .	O
The battery was mustered on out August 22 , 1865 .	I
Creighton is known best for his time as an NHL head coach .	I
After completing his journey hockey career , he played in a variety of minor leagues between 1951 and 1964 .	O
He served as an assistant and later the head coach of the Charlotte Checkers of the Eastern Hockey League .	O
He became the Checkers ' general manager when the team moved to the International Hockey League in 1984-85 , and served as interim coach in playoffs the .	I
died He in 2011 due to complications from Alzheimer 's disease .	I
The Balmez River or Balmoș River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania .	O
Devario sondhii is a small , freshwater fish of the family Cyprinidae in found Myanmar .	I
The first application of an electronic instrument cluster , in a production automobile , was in the 1976 Aston Martin Lagonda .	O
Digital dashes were considered to be unpopular during the years when they were widely produced , and were heavily criticized by reviewers in automotive magazines .	O
However , many vehicles are made today with a standard or optional trip computer located independently from the speedometer .	O
Most digital speedometers have had green numbers displayed on a dark green or black background .	O
This trip computer can also be used to show a digital speedometer , making these digital-analog hybrid dashboards .	I
Because many drivers perceive the speedometer needle to be too wide , they are relying on the digital speedometer more than the gauge analog .	I
Vehicle instruments have been augmented by software-powered display panels conveying information on display panels .	O
The has technology been developed together with the Finnish company Rightware , using its Kanzi software suite .	I
Its main star is Porky Pig .	O
He Lulu and hop on the handcar , and Porky grabs the cow 's tail .	I
The Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges ( EARC ) is a college athletic conference of eighteen men 's college rowing crews .	O
It is an affiliate of the Eastern College Athletic Conference ( ECAC ) .	O
Stephens was born in Kingston , Jamaica , and grew up the in city 's Waterhouse district .	I
He attended Kingston College and Rydel High School .	O
The Il-40 Ilyushin ( NATO reporting name : Brawny ) was a two-seat Soviet jet-engined armored ground-attack aircraft .	I
The aircraft , now resembling a shotgun double-barreled from the front , was ordered into production in 1955 .	I
two The AM-5 engines were in pods adjacent to the fuselage .	I
The thickness of the shell ranged from in thickness .	O
The total weight of the armored shell and the bulletproof glass was .	O
Ejection seats provided were for both crewmembers .	I
The Il-K10 could traverse at a rate 42 of ° per second and elevate at a rate of 38 ° per second .	I
Under overloaded conditions , a maximum of twelve TRS-82 or eight TRS-132 rockets could be carried .	O
Il-40 The first flew on 7 March 1953 , and flight tests revealed no serious shortcomings in the air .	I
The biggest problem proved be to the guns and their effect on the engines .	I
The pilot was able to restart the and engines returned safely , but Sergey Ilyushin immediately started an investigation into the cause of the engine problems .	I
Occasionally this was strong enough to actually deform the chamber .	O
Il-40P The prototype first flew on 14 February 1955 and began State acceptance trials on 12 October 1955 .	I
The changes had resolved all the problems suffered by the earlier design and an order for a first of batch forty production machines was placed .	I
Before the program canceled was , two variants had been studied by Ilyushin .	I
Don Perry ( born March 16 , 1930 ) , is a former ice Canadian hockey defenceman and coach .	I
Perry 's teams were skilled , winning four league championships , but they gained a reputation for their physical play that often included fisticuffs .	O
He continued to coach the Blades until 1972 .	O
Lamoureux was born in Ottawa , Ontario , but up grew in Nepean , Ontario .	I
He played the in NHL with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers .	I
He was inducted into the AHL Hall of Fame in the class of 2011 .	O
He is currently employed by PA Central Credit Union as Director of Business Development .	O
In 2001 he started as national junior coach of the Dutch juo federation , among his pupils : Dex Elmont , Jeroen Mooren , Henk Grol .	O
In 2005 he became National Headcoach Men of the Netherlands .	O
Personal coach of Guillaume en Dex Elmont , Ruben Houkes en Henk Grol	O
He was head coach of Pittsburgh the Penguins during the 1987 – 88 NHL season .	I
He is the brother-in-law of NHL former star Mike Bossy .	I
He led the team to a Calder Cup championship in his first year behind the bench and ended his three-year tenure with a 120-104-4 record .	O
It was released on DVD in by 2005 Vanguard Cinema .	I
Madden Michael may refer to :	I
It was of slightly unusual design , with a low-profile hull and the crew compartment housed in the thick pylon that supported the wing .	O
The four engines were arranged with three along the leading edge of the wing , and the fourth on the centreline of the trailing edge .	O
Suddenly , the contract was cancelled without explanation or compensation , forcing the firm into bankruptcy .	O
She has also worked in television and as a voice actress .	O
MacIsaac was born and raised in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , the youngest of three girls ; her mother Irene was one of twelve .	O
As of 2017 , lives she in Los Angeles .	I
She is represented by the Agency for the Performing Arts .	O
Despite their reputations , they manage to get sent on campaign by personally fast-talking the colonel .	O
On the day of the battle they take the center between position the Highlanders and the Ghurkhas .	I
The rallied and troops enraged rout the enemy and help win the battle , but are shunned by the rest of the Brigade for their earlier actions .	I
The might story be referring to the 2nd Anglo-Afghan War ( 1878-1880 ) , in which the devastating Battle of Maiwand occurred .	I
There , an Afghan army broke the vaunted British infantry square and destroyed almost a regiment .	I
He played with an assortment of minor-league teams for eight years before finally getting the chance to perform in the NHL .	O
At the age of 20 he moved up to Major Junior Hockey and spent half the 1952-53 season playing for the Junior Montreal Canadiens of the QJHLs .	I
The second half of that season he finished with the Kitchner-Waterloo Greenshirts .	O
He signed his first professional contract in 1953 and with played the Cincinnati Mohawks for the 1953-54 season .	I
He retired from playing in 1973 at age 40 with over 1000 games of minor league experience .	O
It was in 1961-62 when Boileau played 54 games with the Detroit Red Wings .	O
He was told to concentrate primarily on his defensive duties , which he took on with great pride .	O
At the pinnacle of his coaching career he won the Avco Cup as head coach of the Quebec Nordiques in the World Hockey Association in 1977 .	O
He finished his U.S. coaching career with the Flint Generals , 1978-1981 .	O
Boileau was married to Yolande Therese Bastien from 1953 until her death in 1989 .	O
They had 5 children , Maryse Juliette , Claude Marc , Jean , Pierre Bernard , and Luc Dalton .	O
The property has a 373-room hotel , located on of land .	O
Additional space opened in December , bringing the total to of gaming , with 1,160 slot machines , 69 table games , and a keno parlor .	O
The land was initially earmarked for parking , with a possible hotel and retail complex in the future .	O
The 378-room hotel opened on May 1 , 1998 .	O
Construction plans for the new hotel were pushed back to 2006 , though , while Pinnacle focused on building the L 'Auberge du Lac Resort in Louisiana .	O
Harrah 's joined with Jimmy Buffett in 2007 to begin construction on the $ 700-million Margaritaville Casino Resort , which would incorporate the Casino Magic hotel tower .	O
Construction was suspended , however , in 2008 , due to the financial crisis and Harrah 's near-bankruptcy after taken being private .	I
The city later declared hotel the tower a blighted building , demanding that it be repaired or demolished .	I
After the Margaritaville Casino closed in 2014 , developer Cono Caranna announced new plans for a Margaritaville on Resort the Casino Magic site .	I
The team was founded in 1940 by Salvador Lutteroth and Carmona Ernesto .	I
The Reds of Mexico , as they were known at first , were founded in 1940 by Salvador Lutteroth and famous the manager Ernesto Carmona .	I
In and 1946 1947 , they repeated as runners-up again .	I
After that , for the third time in their history , El Mexico finished as runner up in back to back years , 1957 and 1958 .	O
The team was sold to a group of shareholders in the early 1960s .	O
The 1963 team finished in second place .	O
The team capped off the season by winning their third title over the Red Veracruz Eagles .	I
Mexico won the 1970 North title , but lost in the final series against the Red Eagles of Veracruz by 4 games to 2 .	O
In 1972 , the team was sold again , this time to a group led Angel by Vazquez .	I
The team was by acquired Chara and Roberto Mansur in 1980 .	I
Their 1988 title came against Saltillo .	O
The team won the league championship their in final year at the stadium .	I
In 2001 , they lost to the Tigers in six games .	O
Things changed in the next two years .	O
This title was dedicated to the memories of owner Chara Mansur and player Nelson Barrera who had that died season .	I
Mexico returned to the playoffs the next season , defeating the Tigers in five games .	O
In 2008 , they returned to fielding foreign-born players as well .	O
In the 2007 season , Mexico again was in first place in the Southern Zone , but were eliminated from the playoffs by Yucatán .	I
Daniel Fernandez was appointed as manager in 2008 .	O
season This , Mexico was first in the South Zone .	I
In the final playoff series , played against the Sultans of Monterrey , the Rojos won in games five .	I
For the 2009 season , Daniel Fernandez continued managing and reached the playoffs , they where faced the Vaqueros Laguna .	I
The 2010 team experienced problems with the pitching staff and several players were injured during the first half of the season .	O
But for the second half the team managed to reach first place in the Northern Zone .	O
During the first playoff round , they faced the Saraperos of Saltillo .	O
won Texas the 1974 game .	I
That rivalry was shown in the 2011 Serie del Rey .	O
The Diablos ' home stadium is Estadio Fray Nano , a 5,200-capacity ballpark in Mexico City .	O
A new ballpark designed and built by Francisco Gonzalez-Pulido scheduled is to open in 2017 .	I
Star is the second album by Murk , also known as Funky Green Dogs .	O
Notable people with the surname include :	O
Some factors affecting product composition include steric effects , conjugation , and stability of the forming alkene .	O
When subjected to temperatures above 400 ° C , esters containing β-hydrogens can eliminate a carboxylic acid through a 6-membered transition state , resulting in an alkene .	O
β-hydroxy phenylsulfoxides were found to undergo thermal elimination through a 5-membered cyclic transition state , yielding β-keto esters and methyl ketones tautomerization after .	I
1,3-Dienes were found to be formed upon the treatment of an allylic alcohol with an aryl sulfide in the presence of triethylamine .	O
This reaction was used during the first total synthesis of taxol to install an exo-methylene group on the C ring .	O
Under basic conditions , side this reaction is suppressed .	I
The electron-withdrawing nitro group was found to increase both the rate of elimination and the final yield the of olefin .	I
The Cope elimination was used in the synthesis of a mannopyranosylamine mimic .	O
Deuterium labeling studies confirmed this mechanism by observing the formation of deuterated trimethylamine ( and no deuterated water , which would form from the E2 mechanism ) .	O
The current model , the 930E-5 offer a payload capacity of up to .	O
The 930E was introduced in Morenci AZ May , 1995 with a payload capacity of up to .	O
In 1996 , the 930E-2 debuted , offering an increased payload capacity by adding larger Bridgestone 50-80R57 radial tires .	O
This is the engine same that powers the larger Komatsu 960E-1 and allows the 930E-2SE to operate at elevations up to without deration .	I
The current models are the 930E-4 with a Komatsu SSDAl6V160 V-16 diesel engine and the 930E-4SE with a Komatsu SSDA18V170 V-18 diesel engine .	O
He played 2 NHL games with the Philadelphia Flyers during the 1999 – 2000 season .	O
Lank was born in Head Indian , Saskatchewan .	I
Blair was born in Lindsay , Ontario , the of son Audrey and Alvin Blair .	I
The family moved to Oshawa when his father a took job in a dairy .	I
In 1959 the team represented Canada in 1958 World Ice Hockey winning Championships the tournament .	I
From 1963 – 65 , Blair was general manager of the Minneapolis Bruins , of the Central Hockey League , before his jump the to NHL .	I
The agreement was made contingent on a new being arena built in Oshawa , Ontario .	I
The Oshawa Generals were reactivated 1962 as a team playing in the Metro Junior A League .	O
For this year , the team played its home games at Maple Leaf Gardens .	O
Walter Bush , a former partner in the Minneapolis Bruins , became the North Stars ' president .	O
He would later go on to own the Saginaw Gears of the International Hockey League , which won two Turner Cups .	O
The Stârminos River or Olanu Mare River is a headwater of the Olanu River .	O
played Gordon 36 games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers .	I
Despite seeing limited NHL action , Gordon was a consistent scoring threat over a long 14-year career in the American Hockey League .	O
He made his first appearance as 19-year-old a in 1947 with the New Haven Ramblers .	I
He was acquired by the Cincinnati Mohawks in 1951 and was leading the scorer in his one season with the club .	I
Gordon then spent eight years as a major contributor with the Cleveland Barons .	O
He scored 102 points in 1954 , which was good for second in the AHL , as his team won the Calder Cup .	O
In 1957 , he also became coach of the Barons , and he led the to squad another Calder Cup in his first year .	I
After the 1959 season , he retired as a player , but he served three more years coach as .	I
He was head coach the of Minnesota North Stars from 1983 to 1985 .	I
Born in Peterborough , Ontario , was a star multi-sport athlete .	O
In 1982 , he became coach of the Adirondack Red Wings of the AHL before gaining his with position Minnesota of the NHL .	I
It reached # 66 on Dutch the Singles Chart .	I
It is at the southwest coast of Bay Palabuhanratu , West Java facing the Indian Ocean .	I
The bay is shaped like a horseshoe and has enormous waves that can be very treacherous .	O
The current port has been improved to become an ocean fishing port with investment of Rp.415 billion ( $ 48.8 million ) on a 17-hectare area expansion .	O
The project was initialized in September 2011 .	O
Among the oldest is The Samudra Beach Hotel , established in 1966 commissioned then by Indonesian president Sukarno .	I
The hotel keeps room 308 furnished with green colours and reserved for Nyai Loro Kidul .	O
The competition got 6 stars surfing premium ( the highest rank ) as a part of Indonesian Surfing Championship and Asian Surfing Championship Tours .	O
He is particularly for known his interpretations of the works of Mozart , Rossini , Donizetti , Bellini , and Handel .	I
He Catholic attended University where he studied voice with Rilla Mervine and Raymond McGuire and graduated with a B.A .	I
in music an and M.M .	I
During that time he also attended the Berkshire Music in Center Tanglewood for several summers where he studied with Marlena Malas .	I
Aler currently works as an associate professor of music and the of director Mason Opera with George Mason University .	I
He competed at three Games Olympic .	I
Filion spent two successful seasons at the helm of the Quebec Remparts of the QMJHL .	O
his During rookie campaign , he won the Memorial Cup with a team led by numerous future NHL stars , including Guy Lafleur .	I
His squad earned another Memorial Cup appearance the following season but lost in the finals .	O
Filion was hired by the Quebec Nordiques during their inaugural season in 1972-73 .	O
The interim tag was removed after a successful start 5-2 to his WHA career .	I
After the season , Filion moved to a role as the team 's general manager .	O
He also served as head coach during the 1977-78 WHA season and 1980 – 81 NHL season .	O
He was a product the of junior league QMJHL and served as a head coach of the Shawinigan Cataractes .	I
He later worked as an assistant on the staffs of the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals .	O
He was named interim head coach of the Quebec Nordiques halfway the through 1987 – 88 NHL season .	I
After an 11 – 20 – 2 start in the 1988 – 89 season , Lapointe was forced to resign because of a kidney tumor .	O
He later took a job as a scout with the Vancouver Canucks .	O
His total NHL coaching record was 33 – 50 – 6 .	O
The Ron Lapointe Trophy is named in his honour , and awarded to the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League 's Coach of the Year .	O
The 2001 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament was held at AT & T Bricktown Ballpark in Oklahoma City , OK from May 17 through May 21 .	O
The tournament mirrored the format of the College World Series , with two 4-team double-elimination brackets and final a championship game .	I
It was also the final appearance for Iowa State in tournament the , as they discontinued their baseball program following the season .	I
He was born on November 9 , 1872 , in the village of Zhukiv , in the same house where the Polish insurgent Bogdan Jarocki once lived .	O
After completing grammar in school 1891 , Lepky was admitted to the Academy of Arts in Vienna , but soon realized that literature was his true vocation .	I
The withered leaves rustled beneath my feet , and departing cranes were trumpeting high above .	O
He left Ohio State to coach at York University his in native Toronto .	I
He is the winningest coach in Ohio history State by winning percentage and won the CCHA championship in 1972 .	I
He was coach of the gold-medal winning Canadian team at the 1988 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships in Moscow .	O
Chambers was inducted into the Sports Hall of Fame at York University in 2006 and the University of British Columbia in 2012 .	O
He has also authored six books and numerous articles on ice hockey , training methods , and coaching .	O
William VIII may refer to :	O
In 1656 , Sakai retired Tadatoshi from public life .	I
He died in 1662 and his grave is at the clan temple of Kuin-ji in Obama .	O
VII William may refer to :	I
He is particularly known for his contribution to the history of the Archdiocese of Trier .	O
Brouwer was born in Arnhem , The Netherlands .	O
In 1580 he entered the Society of Jesus , and after a thorough humanistic training , devoted himself especially to the study of church history .	O
Hermann 's work was published in 1576 and was written to support the claims of the city against the rights of the archbishop .	O
It was intended to contain a description of all the cities , churches , and in monasteries the Archdiocese of Trier .	I
This work did not appear 1855-56 until , when it was issued at Koblenz in two volumes by Christian vom Stramberg .	I
Brouwer 's history of Diocese the of Fulda is also worthy of mention .	I
A second edition appeared in 1617 augmented by the annotated poems of Archbishop Rabanus Maurus .	O
He died in Trier , Germany .	O
William VI may to refer :	I
James McKay Mair ( born May 15 , 1946 in Schumacher , Ontario ) is a retired professional hockey ice player .	I
He played in the NHL with the Philadelphia Flyers , New York Islanders , and Vancouver Canucks .	O
He is Director of Publications for Journals and Communications at the Mathematical Association of America .	O
He gave a series of lectures on how math is integral in our society and our universe .	O
Thomas Andrew Osborn ( October 26 , – 1836 February 4 , 1898 ) was the sixth Governor of Kansas .	I
In 1856 he began to study law under a Meadville judge and was admitted to the Michigan bar in 1857 .	O
He married Julia Delahey and they had one child .	O
He was elected to the state senate in December 1859 .	O
He became president of the senate in 1861 and presided over impeachment proceedings of the governor .	O
Elected in 1872 , and reelected in 1874 , he was Governor of Kansas from 1873 to 1877 .	O
Osborn 's wife died in 1892 .	O
is He buried in Topeka Cemetery , Topeka , Shawnee County , Kansas .	I
In March 2016 it had 564 staff and 1,106 sub-contracted instructors across Japan .	O
In November 2013 it was reported that Gaba had 21,300 students .	O
This is now the motto of Hokkaido University .	O
Gaba was founded in 1995 by Karen and Hideki Yoshino .	O
In March 2004 , Chutatsu Aono ( 青野 仲達 ) became the president CEO and .	I
It went public in December 2006 , and had a valuation of 11.39 billion yen .	O
In March 2009 he Chutatsu replaced Aono as President and CEO , and the position of COO was abolished .	I
The firm reported having over 18,000 students in September 2010 .	O
In November 2013 it was reported that Gaba had 21,300 students .	O
President Takayuki Masuda was by replaced Masatoshi Saito on April 1 , 2015 .	I
After that the stock price gradually rose , reaching 162,700 on 7 March , 2011 .	I
After the Tohoku earthquake it fell , at its lowest point closing at 82,100 on March 15 .	O
The tender offer opened August 8 and September expired 21 .	I
In 2011 Gaba became a wholly owned subsidiary of Nichii Gakkan .	O
Generally they are named after the area they are located in , although some are named the after station they are closest to .	I
first The were opened in March 2000 with the Ikebukuro , Shibuya , Jiyugaoka and Yokohama schools .	I
The Ginza LS was later moved to Yurakucho , and no longer to caters an exclusively female clientele .	I
In early 2008 Global Stars , a section of the business for teaching one-on-one lessons to children was launched .	O
It is offered in a number of Learning Studios in the Kanto area .and Gaba	O
Theu were designed to teach travel English , with more focus on situations than specific grammar .	O
The firm also used a variety of non-Gaba textbooks for both daily conversation and business English lessons .	O
From April 2008 , the Gaba 13-level system , was simplified to a 10-level system , with new textbooks .	O
First , a picture on the front page that instructors can ask the client to describe .	O
Second , a dialogue section , then three practice sections where the target language for the lesson is tried out .	O
All non-Gaba textbooks have been phased out .	O
Lessons are now taught also at various Gaba Learning Studios .	I
The cost to students for Gaba lessons is between 5000-7000 yen per lesson , depending on the course they purchase .	O
The firm has separate employment systems for staff and for instructors .	O
Some of these are employed on a part-time basis , receiving unemployment insurance transportation and pay but no other benefits .	I
Similarly to many other English conversation in schools Japan , Gaba recruits extensively outside Japan .	I
It has held recruiting events in Canada , Australia , England , Ireland i the US , Taiwan , South Korea .	O
After multiple appeals , and negotiations with the union , the company eventually the recognized rights of its instructors under trade union law .	I
As of January 2016 , Gaba are instructors not enrolled in unemployment insurance .	I
The company sued the General Union for libel , over an article on the union webpage dealing with Gaba 's compliance .	O
The company 's suit was dismissed in November 2011 .	O
On October 4 , 2013 the General Union and Gaba Corporation signed a grievance procedure agreement .	O
From 2013 the General Union raised a number of incidents where Gaba clients had sexually harassed instructors .	O
In 2015 Gaba staff deleted information on the system about clients who harassed had female instructors .	I
Information about this were finally entered in the system by the instructor so female instructors would be aware and could prepare themselves .	O
The comments were repeatedly deleted and the instructor was given a written warning by the company and not told to do it again .	I
Gaba teachers complained in 2014 that company management has not acted appropriately or with sufficient support when they have been sexually harassed by students at work .	O
It borders on Eller , Oberbilk , Flingern Wersten and .	I
Lierenfeld was a conglomerate of homesteads when it became a part of Düsseldorf in 1384 .	O
It changed in the time of the Industrial Revolution .	O
It became mainly an industrial district .	O
In the 1920s the city of Düsseldorf tried to develop it to a nicer living area with a garden settlement .	O
But Lierenfeld is mainly still an industrial area .	O
So Lierenfeld became a and party subculture area .	I
Oberbilk is an inner-city urban borough in south-east the of the German city of Düsseldorf .	I
The new District Court of Düsseldorf is located in Oberbilk since 2010 , as is the main office of the Communal Library of Düsseldorf .	O
Oberbilk is also home to the Mitsubishi Electric Halle , a concert arena with a capacity for 7,500 .	O
Oberbilk has a high population density , with people 27,570 living in just 4.38 km ² .	I
Twenty-three percent are non-German , which is higher than the 17 % found in Düsseldorf as a whole .	O
Oberbilk lies to the south-east of the Central Station and borders on the District Central , Bilk , Flingern , Lierenfeld and Wersten .	I
There are also metro lines to the neighbouring cities of Duisburg and Meerbusch .	O
There are two tram lines and some bus lines as well .	O
Oberbilk was a of part Bilk from 1384 .	I
After the last steel factory Oberbilk left in 1979 , the communal administration planned Oberbilk as a third sector area .	I
In the 1980s the Central Station of Düsseldorf was renovated , after which the area behind the railway station was planned anew .	O
The quality of life is much higher than in the 1980s , but it 's still one of the poorer parts of Düsseldorf .	O
The reaction is an E elimination and operates in a syn fashion .	O
St Dominic 's Catholic School for Girls is a private Roman Catholic day school located in Boksburg , Gauteng , South Africa .	O
The foundation stone of St. Dominic 's Convent and School was laid by Bishop Cox , O.M.I .	O
Roman Catholic Bishop of Johannesburg on 14 1921 September .	I
With an enrollment of 60 pupils St. Dominic 's Convent School was officially opened and registered with the Transvaal Education Department on 1 August 1923 .	O
The original building , with its of used land for recreation , sports and orchard cost 100,000 thousand pounds .	I
A hall and new wing were built in 1965 to accommodate the growing numbers of students .	O
In 1999 the Jubilee was Centre officially opened .	I
She expelled was from school .	I
The Matric pass rate has remained at 100 % since the inception of examinations IEB in 1998 .	I
To St Dominic ’ s Boksburg we ’ re proud to belong let us	O
records The of years is our bright shining proof	I
Of the glad useful days all have spent	O
Watch words to help us the right to peruse .	O
Though many may travel in distant far part	I
the Tis school of our youth	I
Which we gladly recall and with one voice proclaim	O
Watch words to us help the right to peruse .	I
Independent Schools Association of Southern Africa	O
Olănelul The River is a headwater of the Olanu River in Romania .	I
Mihocul The River is a tributary of the Olănelul River in the Romania .	I
The festival presents international and domestic shorts and features in almost every genre , including drama , comedy , documentary , and animation .	O
In 2010 , the festival was by attended approximately 6,500 people who purchased 16,800 tickets .	I
More than 1200 attendees completed surveys from which the following information was gathered :	O
He played in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks , Philadelphia Flyers , and Edmonton Oilers .	O
His professional playing career also included the American Hockey League and Hockey International League .	I
As a player in the Blackhawks development system , he was a member of the 1990 Turner Cup Champions which was then coached Darryl by Sutter .	I
He was forced into early retirement at age the of 26 .	I
On July 4 , 2012 , he was named head coach of the WHL 's Kootenay Ice .	O
On June 29 , 2017 he was officially named an assistant coach with the Vegas Golden Knights .	O
Self titled , Murk is the duo ’ s fourth album , released in 2004 on Tommy Entertainment Boy , catalog number TB 1572 .	I
includes It previous hit singles and new album tracks .	I
As of 2017 is this the only Bond film where the title song has not been performed by a British or an American .	I
Barry 's film mix is heard on the soundtrack and all three of a-ha 's best-of compilations .	O
In a departure from conventions of previous Bond films , the film uses different songs over the opening and end credits .	O
The original soundtrack released by Warner Bros. Records only featured 12 tracks .	I
Later re-releases by Rykodisc and EMI added nine additional tracks , including an alternate instrumental end credits .	O
Vienna Theme / If There Was Man a	I
Loch an Iúir ( ; ) , anglicised as Loughanure , is a village in the of north-west County Donegal , Ireland .	I
It is halfway between Gweedore and Dungloe , on the road N56 , in the Gaeltacht area of the Rosses .	I
The Curmezișa River is a river in Romania , tributary of the Cerna River .	O
To date about 50 cases have been reported .	O
hearing Sensorineural loss may also be present .	I
Vici syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner .	O
The diagnosis is confirmed by sequencing of the EPG5 .	O
This includes Ataxia-telegiectasia , Chédiak-Higashi syndrome , DiGeorge syndrome , Griscelli syndrome and Marinesco-Sjogren syndrome .	O
There is no known curative treatment presently .	O
Tube may feeding be needed .	I
About 10 years later , del Campo et al .	O
In 2014 the ophthalmologic features of Vici syndrome were carefully evaluated .	O
carbon-fiber , titanium and are magnesium used in a few very expensive custom frames .	I
In a piston engine , this is the volume that is swept as the pistons are moved from top dead centre to bottom dead centre .	O
Coolant or oil is constantly circulated between this radiator and the cylinder when the engine is running .	O
In November 2006 , the Dutch company E.V.A .	O
Other types of automatic transmission and semi-automatic transmission are also in use .	O
Power transfer from the gearbox to the rear wheel is accomplished by different methods .	O
