Helsinki University Library is the largest multidisciplinary university library in Finland .	O
Helsinki University is Library an independent institute of the University of Helsinki and open to all information seekers .	I
Electronic materials are available for use to all customers in the library and facilities for the university community also online .	I
The Meilahti Campus Library Terkko is the WHO Documentation Center in Finland .	O
One of European the Documentation Centres in Finland is located in the Main Library in the Kaisa House .	I
The Internal Audit Service is the title of several government bodies responsible for internal audit :	O
The Hall Memorial and Caroone House were built on the site of the old Fleet Prison .	I
A Greater London Council plaque commemorating the foundation of Labour the Party at the Memorial Hall in 1900 was displayed at the main entrance to Caroone House .	I
In 2001 Caroone House was purchased by The British Land Company plc for £ 24.5 million .	O
British Land commenced construction in with 2005 completion in 2007 and today 5 Fleet Place stands on the site .	I
The Labour Party plaque has been reinstated on the wall of the redevelopment .	O
Born Roubaix in , Mafoumbi joined Lille OSC 's youth setup in 2005 , aged 11 .	I
Mafoumbi made his senior debut on 26 May 2012 , in starting a 0 – 0 home draw against Amiens AC .	I
On 20 July 2017 , Mofoumbi signed two-year a contract with English League One side Blackpool FC .	I
Mafoumbi made his international debut for Congo 12 on October 2012 , playing the entire second half in a 0 – 3 friendly loss against Egypt .	I
On 8 January 2015 , he was included in Claude LeRoy 's 23-man squad for the 2015 Cup Africa of Nations .	I
Mafoumbi made his debut in the competition on 17 January , starting in a 1 – 1 draw against Equatorial Guinea .	O
The site has been occupied by Mapúa University the since war .	I
It was destroyed the in bombings of Manila during the Second World War .	I
Since World War II , the site has been by occupied the Mapúa Institute of Technology .	I
Recognizing his contribution to cinema , Swamy was awarded the Dr. B. Saroja Devi National Award in 2013 .	O
He was married to actress B. V. Radha .	O
Born in Dublin on 15 January 1829 , he matriculated in St. 's Patrick College , Maynooth in 1849 .	I
A fan-shaped burrow with an enlarged part for resting or consuming prey is constructed under rocks other and surface debris .	I
It is a very common species on rocky outcrops and ridges in the north-central Free State and Gauteng provinces of South Africa .	O
Despite its species name , it is not particularly aggressive and very rarely enters houses .	O
The female gives to birth litters of up to 25 .	I
James Woodrow Lewis was a chief justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court .	O
Lewis was born the in Swift Creek area of Darlington County , South Carolina on March 8 , 1912 .	I
He continued studying the law under the tutelage of a local lawyer , and he was admitted to practice on December 6 , 1935 .	O
Legislators were exempt from the draft during World War II , but he resigned in midterm to enter the military .	O
Subsequently , cases of mesothelioma , lung cancer and other asbestos-related diseases have become well publicised .	O
In 2015 the Government of the Australian Capital Territory released a list of areas affected Mr by Fluffy insulation contamination totalling 1,022 properties .	I
Jansen , who ran Mr Fluffy from his family home , himself stored bags of asbestos fluff under his house .	O
This led to the creation of a community action group by affected homeowners that campaigned a for shift in policy concerning the future of their residences .	I
Eight clubs participated this season , including Mohammedan , after they were relegated from the I-League last season .	O
won the league and will be the first team from Mizoram to play in I-League in 2015 – 16 I-League season .	O
The double-leg league was held in two venues Kanchenjunga Stadium , Siliguri and SSB Ranidanga Stadium , Golaghat respectively .	O
He is the managing director of Danone and a member of the board of directors of the company .	O
He is also a of member the executive committee of Danone .	I
Hours graduated from the École des Hautes Études Commerciales ( HEC ) in 1978 .	O
Hours began his at career Unilever in 1979 as Product Manager and Brand Manager .	I
In 1985 , he joined the marketing Danone group at Kronenbourg .	I
In November 2006 he also took charge of the Research and Development at Danone .	O
He exercised is responsible for all activities of Danone , encompassing around 100,000 people in and 100 countries .	O
Hours is married and is the father of three children .	O
Originally aired on ABC , later it moved to TCN-9 .	I
He was educated at Bedford Modern School and the London Hospital .	O
He was Registrar of Westminster Hospital ( 1964 ) and Registrar ( later Lecturer ) at Great Ormond Street Hospital ( 1966 ) .	O
He is a member of the Athenaeum Club , London .	O
It was released 11 May 1966 through the label PGP-RTB .	O
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in Gabon French and Congo on 17 June 1951 .	I
The Johor Darul Ta 'zim III or simply known as JDT III ( formerly known as Johor Pasir Gudang FC ) , is an under-21 football team .	O
The team currently plays in the Malaysia President Cup , the under-21 competition of the Malaysian football .	O
JDT III is managed by Ervin Boban .	O
The company was moved to Piotrków Trybunalski , Poland in 2006 and Safi , Malta in 2017 .	O
The company specializes in the design and manufacture of autogyros available in kit form and also as fully aircraft assembled .	I
Celier subsequently developed a tandem-seat design , the Kiss , but it was not produced in large numbers .	O
He was a 1925 graduate of Harvard .	O
Terry was discovered while Los visiting Angeles as a tourist .	I
During the visit , he hoped to see some film stars , had but been disappointed .	I
He gave Terry business his card and invited him to the Fox lot for a screen test .	I
He rose to the rank of Lieutenant Commander and was awarded the Heart Purple .	I
He left the Navy in 1946 and never returned to film .	O
She tried out for the 1932 as Olympics a sprinter .	I
The Foundation supported many projects , a with special emphasis on the colleges that were the Lokers ' alma maters .	I
Lokers The were long-time friends of Richard and Pat Nixon and were also supporters of the Nixon Library .	I
In 1983 , it was renamed Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute in their honor .	O
He died at Oceanside , California on October 6 , 1988 , aged 86 .	O
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in Gabon and Congo French on 2 January 1956 .	I
This led to the 1891 construction of Brooklyn 's first skyscraper , the 10-story Franklin Company Trust Building .	I
In 2004 , several portions of Downtown Brooklyn were rezoned to promote more commercial , residential , and retail development .	O
An equal sign ( = ) following a rank indicates the same height between two or more buildings .	O
There are a number of under buildings construction in Brooklyn that are expected to rise at least in height .	I
9 DeKalb Avenue , which has started initial construction work relating foundation to preparation , is set to rise over 1,000 feet .	I
If completed , the tower will become the tallest building in the NYC area outside of Manhattan , and the tallest building on Long Island .	O
Born New in York City , Maria Leach was the former Alice-Mary Doane , daughter of Benjamin H. Doane and Mary ( Davis ) Doane .	I
Her father was a native of Nova Scotia , one of Canada 's three Maritime provinces .	O
Doane Alice-Mary spent her youth and received her early education in New York City .	I
She then went on to study for a 's master degree in anthropology at the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign .	I
MacEdward Leach earned a master 's degree at Johns Hopkings that same year , 1917 .	O
In 1920 he entered the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and began teaching as an instructor of English .	O
Not long after , in 1924 , the Leaches became the parents of a son , Macdonald , their only child .	O
In 1936 , Maria Leach found employment in the Philadelphia offices of Funk & Wagnalls , a scholarly publishing firm .	O
While he remained in Pennsylvania , she moved back to New York , returning to their home in Bucks County for occasional weekends .	O
Maria Leach also continued to work the in burgeoning field of folklore .	I
Having resettled in Manhattan , in Greenwich Village , she worked in the New York offices of Funk & Wagnalls a as dictionary editor .	I
From 1953 to she 1958 was a textbook editor at McGraw-Hill Book Company .	I
During this time , in 1954 , she wrote the first of what become would a substantial list of published works .	I
In the late 1950s , she decided to retire and move to Nova Scotia .	O
During her lifetime , Maria Leach was a prominent member of the American Folklore Society , for which she served as councilor .	O
In Nova Scotia , she was active in the Canadian Folklore Society and the Cape Breton Society Historical .	I
Charles Hinman born 1932 in Syracuse , New York is an Abstract Minimalist painter , notable for creating three-dimensional shaped canvas paintings in the mid-1960s .	O
Charles Hinman was born in 1932 , in Syracuse , New York .	O
He on went to complete his BFA in 1955 at Syracuse University .	I
He moved to New York to study at the Arts Student League before serving two years in the army .	O
Throughout the 1960s they produced works that Pop prefigured , Minimal and Feminist Art .	I
Below Hinman 's studio was that of Tom and Wesselmann above worked Will Insley , across the street were the studios of Adolph Gottlieb and Roy Lichtenstein .	I
In the 1960s Charles Hinman played a significant role in the redefining physical shape of paintings .	I
The shaped canvas was born from the desire to break away from the traditional square or rectangular frame of painting .	O
Charles Hinman drove the concept further by pushing the canvas out from the wall ; his works were a form of hybrid between painting and sculpture .	O
He was influenced by Ellsworth Kelly his in flat and contrasting Hard-edge use of color but with the objective of generating and accentuating a perception of volume .	I
It was through James Rosenquist , that Charles Hinman caught the attention of prominent New York gallery owners and museum directors who visited the studio shared they .	I
Hinman was represented Richard by Feigen who showed his work at his New York and Chicago galleries .	I
Throughout his career , Charles Hinman has developed a methodical process by which he creates his works .	O
His works are often composed of a juxtaposition of shaped canvases , which he bolts together into an integral form .	O
He sometimes paints the reverse side of the canvas which sits off the wall , so as to produce a halo effect around his work .	O
The use of light and shadows as well as contrasting colors and reflections play an important role in his creations .	O
Hinman 's work focuses on the perception of volume as opposed to literal space .	O
He then moved to a two-dimensional , minimalist and style geometric in the early 1970s .	I
These structures became increasingly complex throughout the 1980s , reaching scale for and color in leaf-like arrangements .	I
Since 2000 , he has returned to a pure and minimal style working with light as much as with color .	O
It opened the scope of the shaped canvas to Pop Art works as well as to three-dimensional shaped canvases .	O
Charles Hinman 's work was presented alongside that of Kenneth Noland , Ellsworth Kelly , Robert Mangold , Bernard Venet and Tom Wesselmann .	O
He was in born 1902 in Gilbert , South Carolina .	I
He was elected to the South Carolina Supreme Court in 1944 and became its chief justice in 1961 .	O
Taylor began the practice of opening sessions of the court with a prayer .	O
Ighodalo Asue is a product of Kings College , Lagos .	I
The firm today is consistently ranked a as leading Nigerian law firm in the areas of Capital Markets , Securities , Mergers & Acquisitions .	I
He is the Chairman , Board of Directors , Sterling Bank Plc , Dangote Flour Mills Plc and Global Mix Limited .	O
Ighodalo became the Chairman of Sterling Bank in August 2014 .	O
In June 1895 Frank Geyer left Philadelphia to retrace Holmes 's steps .	O
That same year Frank Geyer published his book detailing the case .	O
However , 's Geyer beloved wife and daughter never died in a fire and continued to live well past his death in 1918 .	I
Varam is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Haridas and produced by Hamsa Muhammed .	O
The film had musical score by Ouseppachan .	O
The music was composed by Ouseppachan and lyrics was written by Gireesh Puthenchery .	O
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in Gabon and French Congo on 21 October 1945 , with a second round of voting on 18 November .	O
The Fang candidate was Jean-Hilaire Aubame , whilst the Vili candidate was Jean-Félix Tchicaya .	O
However , the attempt failed , and although Tchicaya did sit with the SFIO , d 'Arboussier joined the MUR .	O
Elizabeth Margaret Galadriel Stineman was born in Cincinnati .	I
She completed her high-school education at Newport Central Catholic High School , in Newport , Kentucky in 2002 at age 11 .	O
she Although participated in the drama club , she never captured a starring role in any play at school level .	I
She then attended Northern Kentucky University .	O
She was the second actress play to the part of Gwen .	I
Stineman had been involved in major projects since 2009 .	O
It was made possible politically by the Schmalkaldic War resulting the in French loss of Artois and French Flanders .	I
The club currently plays in Liga Tel Gimel Aviv division .	I
The club was founded in 1954 and played its entire history in the lower divisions of football Israeli .	I
From that point , the club became known as one of the worst teams in Israeli football .	O
In 1985 , Liga Dalet was scrapped and the club returned to Liga Gimel , where they play since at the Tel Aviv division .	O
A.V.Seshagiri Rao ( 1926 – 17 June 2007 ) was a Kannada film director .	O
Later , the centre where the association is now headquartered was built on Oud Metha Road in Bur Dubai .	O
The association elects a president who formally heads the organisation , typically for a tenure of two to three years .	O
A vice-president , general-secretary and joint-secretary are elected also as part of the executive body .	I
A newsletter is published and distributed by the association .	O
It based is on satisfiability modulo theories ( SMT ) .	I
It is distributed under an open-source license ( Cecill-C ) .	O
Contrary to most SMT solvers , Alt-Ergo uses a specific input language with prenex polymorphism .	O
Alt-Ergo implements ( semi- ) decision procedures for the following theories :	O
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in Gabon and French Congo on 2 June 1946 , with a second round on 30 June .	O
A constitutional referendum was held in Gabon and Moyen Congo on 21 October 1945 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum .	O
A constitutional referendum was held Gabon in and Moyen Congo on 5 May 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum .	I
The convent of San Simon was established by the Augustinians in April 20 , 1771 and was placed under the patronage of Apostle Simon Peter .	O
The façade sports a triangular pediment , three triple-arched windows on its second level and a concrete porte-cochere .	O
A constitutional referendum was held in Gabon and Moyen Congo on 13 October 1946 as part of the wider French constitutional referendum .	O
John G. Stabler an was associate justice and later chief justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court .	I
He graduated from Wofford in 1905 and then taught Latin in Bamberg County , South Carolina .	O
He graduated in 1908 from the law school at the University of South Carolina and practiced law in St. Matthews , South Carolina .	O
On March 15 , 1935 , he was elevated to chief justice and served until his death in 1940 .	O
Constantinescu was born in Constanța in 1933 .	O
Constantinescu graduated 1970 in from the Institute .	I
Although it was never translated Romanian from , for its time it was widely recognized as one of the best mycological methods books .	I
After working for one year in 1982 at the Centraalbureau voor Schimmelcultures in Baarn , Netherlands , he moved to Sweden in 1984 .	O
He was hired at the Institute for Systematic Botany at the University of Uppsala .	O
Constantinescu the dedicated next 20 years building up the collection for the university .	I
From 2005 to 2008 he was finance chairman of the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) .	O
He was a Certified Public Accountant from 1982 to 1993 .	O
One of his clients , Glen Bell , the founder of Taco Bell , hired him to manage his personal investments .	O
He was managing director at Bell Enterprises from 1982 to 1991 .	O
Broidy later was accused of giving illegal gifts to pension authorities , several of whom went to prison .	O
From 2004 to 2006 he raised campaign funds for many Republican candidates .	O
From 2006 to 2008 he served as finance chairman for the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) .	O
He was also harshly critical of Qatar , an American ally at odds with the UAE .	O
He served on the board of governors of the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and the board of trustees the of Simon Wiesenthal Center .	I
He was the 2008 recipient of the Raoul Wallenberg Award by the Raoul Wallenberg Committee of the United States for his Jewish philanthropy .	O
The charge was later to reduced a misdemeanor in exchange for cooperation that helped lead to the conviction of Hevesi and six other pension officials .	I
This playing included up Malaysia 's relationship with the U.S. in fighting North Korea and arguing against pursuing legal action against 1MDB .	I
He obtained defense contracts worth more than $ million 200 from the United Arab Emirates .	I
Many of his clients had unsavory records .	O
He arranged for an Angolan politician to meet with Republican senators and offered him a trip to Mar-A-Lago .	O
The settlement was falsely characterized at the time as a personal injury settlement .	O
A few days later Cohen confirmed in court that Broidy was one of the three clients he had given legal advice to in the previous year .	O
Broidy is to married Robin Rosenzweig , a JD , MBA who is a former senior executive of 20th Century Fox .	I
The Magdalenenkirche is a Catholic church that was once a monastery church , and is situated in the old town at 25 Mühlenstraße .	O
The church was badly damaged in World War II on 22 1945 March and partly restored in a simplified manner .	I
The restoration was completed in 1961 .	O
Craig was born in 1884 , in Ireland .	O
He enlisted into the Cameron Highlanders in 1906 , later transferring to The Royal Munster Fusiliers .	O
During training his Craig was awarded the Sword of Honour for excellence in military training .	I
a Whilst member of the Royal Munster Fusiliers , Craig served in India until 1913 .	I
In June 1917 , at Wytschaete , he was the only one of a group of officers to survive German shelling .	O
Craig was awarded a number of honours including the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) and becoming a member the of French Legion of Honour .	I
The film Shiva stars , Mohini , Srividya and Nassar in lead roles .	I
The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja .	O
The music composed was by Ilaiyaraaja .	I
The film were scores not published during Prokofiev 's lifetime .	I
The restoration of the entire film original score has been published and recorded .	I
The numbers in Prokofiev 's manuscript scores are listed in the table below . < br > < br >	O
The table be can sorted by clicking on the buttons in the title bar .	I
Several numbers can be divided into two parts , each which of are sometimes quoted in the film separately :	I
' ) , mixed ( SATB ) chorus , and the following instrumentation :	O
The world premiere performance took place on 20 February at 1975 the Bolshoy Theatre .	I
Sanitary districts were in established England and Wales in 1875 and in Ireland in 1878 .	I
The districts were two of types , based on existing structures :	I
Sanitary districts were formed under the terms of the Public Health Acts 1873 and 1875 .	O
When districts sanitary were formed there were approximately 225 boroughs , 575 local government districts and 50 improvement commissioners districts designated as urban sanitary districts .	I
Rural sanitary districts were formed in areas all without a town government .	I
The rural sanitary authority consisted of the existing poor law guardians for the rural parishes involved .	O
The Local Government Act 1894 brought an end to sanitary districts in England and Wales .	O
All other urban sanitary districts were renamed as urban districts , governed by an urban district council .	O
Rural sanitary were districts replaced by rural districts , for the first time with a directly elected council .	I
A system of sanitary districts was established in Ireland by the Public Health ( Ireland ) Act 1878 , modelled on that in England and Wales .	O
The urban and rural sanitary districts were superseded in 1899 , under the Local Government ( Ireland ) Act 1898 , by urban and rural districts .	O
3 rural districts in Counties Donegal , Fermanagh and Leitrim respectively .	O
The Local Government ( Amendment ) ( No .	O
Sanitary districts were not in formed Scotland .	I
Ushguli is located at an altitude of near the foot of Shkhara , one of the highest summits of the Greater Caucasus mountains .	O
The area is snow-covered for 6 months of the year , and often the road to Mestia is impassable .	O
Zhibiani ( ) above some sea level ;	I
In 11-year an career , North compiled a career batting average of .261 with 20 home runs and 230 runs batted in .	I
In 1969 North was drafted by the Cubs in the 12th round of the amateur draft .	O
In North 1974 did lead the league in steals , with 54 , on an Athletics team that won its third consecutive World Series title .	I
He was also involved in a not-so-memorable moment on June 5 of that season .	O
Ray Fosse , attempting to separate the combatants , suffered a crushed disk in his neck , costing him the next three months on the disabled list .	O
After a similar season 1980 in , he tailed off in 1981 .	I
In the second game of a July 28 , 1974 doubleheader , he accomplished an unassisted play double against the Chicago White Sox .	I
North caught Brian Downing 's fly ball and continued to the second-base bag to double up Dick Allen , who had been running on the play .	O
North was the first player in Oakland Athletic history to serve as a designated hitter .	O
He went 2-for-5 in the Athletics 's 1973 season opener , an 8-3 loss to the Minnesota Twins at Oakland – Alameda County Coliseum .	O
The group began as a gospel group , the Santa Monica Soul Seekers , in the late 1940s .	O
In 1955 , the auditioned group for Modern Records , and were accepted .	I
The group decided to switch to the popular R & B style , with the exception of Kingsby , who left to continue in gospel music .	O
The group followed with several singles more .	I
McCraw left at the end of the year , and replaced was by Pete Fox ( spelled Foxx ) .	I
A few months later , Taylor left to pursue a solo career .	O
1957 saw albums released under both the Jacks and Cadets names , under Modern and RPM , respectively .	O
Confusing to many was the use of Cadets tracks the on Jacks album , and vice versa .	I
In November , the four were back together one for more release .	I
the At end of the year , the group split .	I
The group reformed in the late 1990s , with Davis , Foxx , Randy Jones , and Tommy Turner .	O
This recognition by the International Romani Union allowed Courthiade 's system to qualify for funding from the European Commission .	O
The overwhelming majority of academic and non-academic literature produced currently in Romani is written using a Latin-based orthography .	O
In the following table , the most common variants of the graphemes are shown .	O
The use of the above graphemes is relatively stable and universal , taking into account dialectal mergers and so on .	O
A typically diverse area is the in representation of sounds not present in most varieties of Romani .	I
Another particularly variant area is the representation of palatalised consonants , which are absent from a number of dialects .	O
Romani in Macedonia is written with the following alphabet :	O
and Kepeski Jusuf ( 1980 ) noted that the following alphabet is used by Romani people in Macedonia and Serbia ( Kosovo ) :	I
In Greece , for instance , Romani is mostly written with the Greek alphabet ( although very little seems to be written in Romani in Greece ) .	O
He is currently Creative the Director at U.I .	I
Hyboreal changed its name to U.I .	O
Pacific , and as of 2007 , Okamura is Director Creative .	I
Around 4730 athletes from 11 participating nations participated at the games , which 460 featured events in 34 sports .	I
It was the third time Myanmar hosted the Southeast Asian Games .	O
Singapore withdrew its hosting rights due to expected delays in the completion of its new national stadium .	O
The games were opened and closed by Nyan Tun , the Vice-president of Myanmar at the Wunna Theikdi Stadium .	O
The final medal tally was led by Thailand , followed by host Myanmar and Vietnam .	O
Though there were several controversies , Games the were generally deemed successful with the rising standard of competition amongst the Southeast Asian nations .	I
ASEAN Football Federation ( AFF ) ' s official website also that announced Myanmar would host the games .	I
The co-host cities of the games , Yangon , Mandalay and Ngwesaung also provided the same services the during games .	I
The countdown clocks were located in Nay Pyi Taw and other cities in Myanmar that co-hosted the games .	O
The personality of an owl was to intended bring forth co-operation , friendship , and better understanding among the participating countries .	I
mascots The are named after a famous Burmese dance , U Shwe Yoe and Daw Moe .	I
It the marked nation 's biggest sporting event since 1969 .	I
The ceremony began with fireworks displays at the stadium .	O
Chairman of the 27th SEA Games Organising Committee , Vice-President Nyan Tun opened the Games with another explosion of fireworks colourful .	I
Thein President Sein and his wife Khin Khin Win then entered the stadium , following which the Closing Ceremony was officially opened with pyrotechnic displays .	I
Tennis and Gymnastics , two Olympic sports , were not played in December .	O
In this edition of Games the , floorball was also contested as a demonstration sport .	I
The following sports below were calendared for the 2013 Asian Southeast Games .	I
A total of 1,531 medals were awarded to athletes , including 461 gold medals , 459 silver medals , and 611 bronze medals .	O
Athletics awarded medals in 46 events , the most of any sport at the 2013 SEA Games .	O
The museum shelters the most important collection of Cucuteni culture and artifacts it is the home of the Cucuteni Research Centre .	I
In 2013 , the airport handled 5.4 million passengers , ranking 36th in China .	O
It was the 29th busiest in airport China in cargo traffic in 2012 .	I
In 1985 , the Central Government of China approved the construction of Ningbo Airport Lishe .	I
On 30 1990 June , it opened for service and became the first civil-only airport in Zhejiang .	I
The construction cost was RMB million 126 .	I
In July 1992 , the airport opened for international service .	O
The first international service opened was to Hong Kong later the same year .	I
International cargo flights started by end the of 1998 .	I
It is by served 16 airlines .	I
It was renamed Ningbo Lishe International Airport from Ningbo Lishe Airport on 29 November 2005 .	O
The airport is one of the fastest growing in China .	O
In 2002 , the figures grew to 1.28 million passengers and over 20,000 tons of cargo .	O
A new passenger terminal was opened on 8 October 2002 at a construction cost of RMB 770 million with an annual capacity of 3.8 passengers million .	I
It handle can 1,700 passengers at maximum per hour .	I
The departure lounge occupies 43,500 m ² .	O
Free bus between service the airport and Lishe International Airport Station is available every 10 minutes .	I
There are limousine buses airport to downtown Ningbo every hour .	I
As families have evolved , the practice of being a stay-at-home dad has become more common and socially acceptable .	O
Pre Industrialisation , the family worked together as a unit and was self-sufficient .	O
When affection-based marriages emerged in the 1830s , parents devoting began more attention to children and family relationships became more open .	I
However , in 2010 , the number of stay-at-home dads had reached its highest point of 2.2 million .	O
In the colonial States United , the nuclear family was the most common family form .	I
Typical families consisted of five or more children initially ; because of high infant mortality rates , only a few children survived adolescence .	O
Colonial families existed to serve six main functions : self-sufficient business , school , vocational institute , church , house of correction , and welfare institution .	O
The first African-Americans to reach America were initially brought over as indentured servants , but instead became slaves .	O
Industrial The Revolution led to extensive mechanization , resulting in a shift from home manufacturing to large-scale factory production .	I
Instead , family members had to work outside the home to support their families .	O
In 1932 , a executive federal order stated that only one spouse could work for the federal government .	I
Such changes caused some women to decide to their end unhappy marriages .	I
Gradually , women began re-entering the workforce .	O
In developed East Asian nations such as Japan and South Korea , this is practice less common .	I
At the same time , women are progressing into higher-paying jobs .	O
With the growth of telecommuting , many men are also able to work from home .	O
In this regard , he is financially contributing to the family while also acting as the primary caregiver of the family 's children .	I
Additionally , more career and lifestyle are options accepted and prevalent in Western society .	I
In regions where traditional roles prevail , a stay-at-home dad might be shunned by stay-at-home moms ' peer groups .	O
One 2002 study by the American Heart Association suggested stay-at-home dads may a face higher risk of heart disease .	I
The for reasons the health risk are not specified .	I
The role of stay-at-home dad may be difficult for men who feel as though they had no option .	O
It is hard for these men to adapt from being a financial provider in the family to being a homemaker .	O
Men who willingly choose to become a stay-at-home dad are much more satisfied with their role the in family .	I
Children respond differently to males and females at birth .	O
Children have that a strong paternal influence have more nurturing abilities .	I
His study concluded that women were still able to form a strong bond with their children despite working outside full-time the home .	I
Also , women working full-time were often more engaged with their children on a day-to-day basis than their male counterparts .	O
This contrasts with the more traditional family structure where the works father outside the home and the mother stays home with the children .	I
These are same the advantages for the father from having a stay-at-home mom arrangement .	I
In 2003 , 91 % of fathers with children aged under 15 years were employed , with 85 % employed full-time .	O
Recent sociological studies have shown that men are dedicating more time and support to their children in comparison to the 19th century .	O
The idea of a stay at home dad was far from mainstream , however the rising demand for female work has influenced this statistic to rise .	O
Over a 20-year period during the 20th late century , there was an increase in the number of women in the workforce in Canada .	I
in Beginning the late 20th century , parental roles began to become less traditional , and the stay-at-home dad arrangement began to become more common .	I
The number of dads stay-at-home increased by three percent points between 1976 and 1998 , and the average age of a stay-at-home dad in Canada is 42 .	I
A bill was passed in by the Canadian government in October 1990 which granted paid leave for fathers for the purpose of primary caregiving .	O
In comparison , 31 % of single-earner fathers and 25 % of dual-earner fathers had similar levels of education .	O
The Japanese government passed a law in April 1992 allowing time off following the birth of a child for both and male female employees .	I
Even so , stay-at-home dads face discrimination from stay-at-home mothers , and are often ostracized .	O
Stereotyping an is issue for stay-at-home dads , who sometimes prefer not to tell others about their family arrangement .	I
Until around 1990 , the North Korean state required every able-bodied male to be employed by some state enterprise .	O
In cases some women began by selling household items they could do without , or homemade food .	I
This number was less than the previous two years , according to the US Census Bureau .	O
These statistics account only for married stay-at-home dads ; there are other children being cared for by single fathers or gay couples .	I
Live at Hammersmith ' 84 is a live album by Jethro Tull , recorded on Sunday 9 September 1984 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London .	O
The original release vinyl had the catalogue number Raw Fruit Records FRSLP004 A1 B1 .	I
It was also released on cassette and CD .	O
Most accounts of the transition credit PAC with a major role at this crucial in point the younger history of Malaŵi .	I
It was compiled and mixed by Belle & Sebastian and was released on 27 February 2006 .	O
graduate of Dallas Theological Seminary in Old Testament and Semitic Languages and holds a Ph.D. in Middle Eastern Studies from the University of Texas at Austin .	O
He has also studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .	O
He is Distinguished Research Professor and Executive Director of the Center for Judaic Studies at Liberty University in Lynchburg , Virginia .	O
In 2009 , he drew media attention when fielding an expedition Turkey to to find Noah 's Ark .	I
He went there again in 2010 .	O
In 2010 Randall Price accused a competing search team , who claimed that they have found the Noah Ark 's , of fraud and fabricating false evidences .	I
He has authored over 20 books and films on the Bible .	O
It is constructed from a collection of tetrahedral units made from 1.5 m long sections of steel .	O
Industrial noise is addressed by redesign of industrial equipment , shock mounted assemblies and physical barriers in the workplace .	O
In particular , the ITU-R 468 noise weighting was devised specifically for this purpose and is widely used for professional audio and broadcast measurements .	O
Born in Seattle , Washington , he became the first black captain of the school 's football team as an end at Seattle 's Garfield High School .	O
He named was an All-Big Ten End three years in a row .	I
He also served as head coach of the North Carolina A & T football team in 1940 .	O
He was inducted into the Hawkeyes ' Hall of Fame in 2002 , had and a Seattle park named after him the same year .	I
It was first broadcast on BBC One in 2004 late .	I
The one-off episode was won by Richard Whiteley .	O
The Interstate Commerce Commission mandated that Soo Line must divest of some lines in the interest of preserving competition .	O
The entire LSTD was sold to newly Wisconsin formed Central Ltd. in 1987 as per the ICC ruling .	I
Another recurring theme is that certain Hollywood stars are pedophiles , and that the Rothschild family are the leaders of a satanic cult .	O
Within less than a year of existence , QAnon became significantly recognized by the general population .	O
Positive feelings toward were QAnon found to be strongly correlated with one 's proneness to conspiracy thinking .	I
... It ’ s just not confirmation bias ... we see people moving step by step into alternate realities .	I
But they think these issues are temporary and primarily the fault of others .	O
They often comfort themselves by imagining that there will be a moment of vindication sometime in the near future which will prove beliefs their right .	I
This phenomenon is being among seen some QAnon believers .	I
QAnon had previously for pushed regime change in Iran .	I
The posts were then deleted .	O
Since Graupner 's demise in 2012 , O.S .	O
is It very easy to decode some facts from the engine name .	I
In the above-mentioned four-stroke models , the C car means .	I
This is to avoid confusing them with aircraft the engines they are based on .	I
Additionally , an X in the name denotes recoil a start .	I
It was commonly used as a Soviet propaganda song in World War II .	O
In movie the , it was sung by Nikolai Kryuchkov and Boris Andreev .	I
Legrand was born in the city of Dijon in the east of France .	O
He worked as a bank clerk before deciding to study art part-time at Dijon 's Ecole des Beaux-Arts .	O
Many were of prostitutes , dancers and bar scenes , which featured a sense of eroticism .	O
Two of his satirical artworks caused him to be tried for obscenity .	O
It was published by Gustave Pellet who became a close friend of 's Legrand .	I
In 1906 he was made chevalier a of the Légion d 'honneur .	I
He died in obscurity in 1951 .	O
The electroslag remelting ( ESR ) process is used to remelt and refine steels and various super-alloys , resulting in high-quality ingots .	O
This process can be started up through induction vacuum melting .	I
The slag pool floats above the refined alloy , continuously floating upwards as the alloy solidifies .	O
It a is common practice in European industries .	I
An example of the use of the electro-slag refined ( ESR ) steel technique is the L30 gun tank .	I
The rubber was suspension developed from an idea of Ernő Rubik Sr. , father of Ernő Rubik who later became famous for his cube .	I
The roof and doors were in one piece and hinged to give access to the interior .	O
Danny was guided northeast through the Gulf of by Mexico two high pressure areas , a rare occurrence in the middle of July .	I
Tornadoes generated by Danny on the East Coast caused a great amount of damage .	O
As it moved into the Gulf of Mexico , a weak and isolated surface low pressure area formed off the coast of Louisiana .	O
circulation The in the system steadily expanded , and initially the surface winds and convection were intermittent .	I
Located between two high pressure systems , Danny continued its unusual July track to the northeast , and crossed over southeastern Louisiana the near Mississippi River Delta .	I
The storm rapidly weakened as it continued northward , and degenerated into a tropical depression July by 20 .	I
It stalled while just southeast of Nantucket on July 26 , turned to the east out to sea , and became extratropical later that day .	O
On July 27 , the former hurricane merged with a frontal zone .	O
Six shelters were opened in Mobile County , Alabama , though few utilized them .	O
A total of 4 direct and 5 indirect deaths resulted from the effects of Danny .	O
Some streets and a few homes were flooded in far southeastern Jackson County , in of areas poor drainage systems .	I
Extreme amounts of rainfall were produced over Alabama .	O
Dauphin Island had the highest amount of rainfall , 37.75 inches ( 959 mm ) reported by the HPC .	O
Additionally , four-story a condominium project that was under construction in Gulf Shores crashed due to high winds .	I
Numerous roads became flooded and impassable for several days , south and along I-10 in Mobile , south and central Choctaw , and Baldwin counties .	O
Most roads on Dauphin Island were flooded in over a foot of water .	O
A few homes were close to falling into Mobile Bay , and one home had to be moved backwards towards land to prevent its destruction .	O
At the peak of the storm in Alabama , at least 44,000 people were without power in Mobile and Baldwin counties .	O
In rural Choctaw County , north of Mobile , several families were rescued from flooded roads and trapped cars .	O
In the state of Florida , some damage to the cotton crop occurred in Escambia County .	O
Seven tornadoes and one waterspout resulted in South Carolina due to Danny strengthening over the southern Appalachians .	O
Several tornadoes and waterspouts were spawned over Virginia ; of most them occurred in Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Hampton .	I
No significant coastal flooding affected the region , although a storm shelter was opened on Nantucket Island to host a Boy Scout group camping there .	O
On July 24 , the U.S. House of Representatives considered House Amendment 271 to H.R .	O
He ordered that federal aid be provided in assistance to state and local efforts to respond in the areas of Alabama impacted by wind and damage flooding .	I
One of the other wolves had already been recaptured , while the other had already been shot and killed .	O
The storm also became the earliest 5th tropical or subtropical storm of a season when it reached tropical storm strength on July 17 .	O
This record was broken in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season when Hurricane Emily first attained tropical storm status on July 12 , just five days earlier .	O
They were invented Amin by Shokrollahi in 2000 / 2001 and were first published in 2004 as an extended abstract .	I
The most advanced version of a practical Raptor code is RaptorQ defined in IETF RFC 6330 .	O
Raptor codes are formed by the concatenation of two codes .	O
The code inner is a form of LT codes .	I
The number symbols of which are XOR 'ed together to form an output symbol is chosen pseudo-randomly for each output symbol according to a specific probability distribution .	I
The Open Source Implementation of Raptor Code RFC5053 can be found here : https : / / code.google.com / p / raptor-code-rfc /	O
The Halifax office was moved to Black Point , Nova Scotia and , in 1994 , a second office was opened in Winnipeg , Manitoba .	O
Day of Wrath ( ) is a 1943 Danish drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and starring Lisbeth Movin , Roose Thorkild and Preben Lerdorff Rye .	I
The film was made during the Nazi Occupation of Denmark , and Dreyer left the country for Sweden after its release .	O
Meret does not approve of Anne , who is much younger than her husband , being about the same age as the son from his first marriage .	O
Absalon 's son from his first marriage , Martin , returns home from abroad and he and Anne are immediately attracted to each other .	O
She does not love her husband and thinks does he not love her .	I
Anne and Martin , clandestinely growing closer , are seen as having changed in recent days , fueling Meret 's suspicion of Anne 's character .	O
Anne is heard laughing in Martin 's company by her husband , something which has not occurred in their time together .	O
He had been cursed by Herlof 's Marte during her interrogation and she foretold an imminent death .	O
On Absalon 's return , Anne confesses her love for Martin her to husband and tells him she wishes him dead .	I
At Absalon 's funeral , Anne is denounced by Meret , her mother-in-law , as a witch .	O
Movin Lisbeth was cast after being asked to meet with Dreyer .	I
In one scene , Anna Svierkier 's character is burnt at the stake .	O
The film premiered at the World Cinema in Copenhagen on November 13 , 1943 .	O
The film premiered in the United States in April 1948 .	O
On its Copenhagen release , it received poor reviews and was unsuccessful financially , with many Danes complaining about the film 's slow pace .	O
While Dreyer denied the film was about the Nazis , during the war it had resonated with the Danish resistance movement .	O
It is often cited in Denmark as the greatest film Danish .	I
The Reubenite Nebo is mentioned in Numbers 32 : 3 , and is mentioned between Saban and Beon , the latter being an abbreviation of Baal-meon .	O
It belonged to the rich pasture lands which the tribes of Ruben and Gad asked of Moses in the distribution of the territory ( 32 Numbers ) .	I
The town had reverted to the Moabites at the time when Isaiah prophesied it against ( Isaiah 15 : 2 ; cf .	I
The Mesha Stele ( lines 14-18 ) boasts of having taken it from the Israelites .	O
Queen Elizabeth is II the current sole life-patron of the charity .	I
1946 In , it had a population of 20 .	I
Born to a Greek family of Rossano , in the Byzantine theme of Calabria , for a time he was married and had a daughter .	O
He spent the end of his life partly in the Sant 'Agata monastery in Tusculum and partly in a hermitage at Valleluce near Gaeta .	O
He died in the Sant 'Agata monastery in 1005 .	O
Saint Nilus is revered the as patron saint of scribes and calligraphers .	I
They are known only through the oral tradition of the Kikuyu and Ogiek peoples , who credit them as being the original inhabitants of the territory .	O
They are probably reated to the Khoisan peoples of Southern Africa , especially the hunter-gatherer San people / Bushmen	O
Agumba The , along with several other groups , were sometimes called the Dorobo by the Maasai and other cattle-herding groups .	I
This derogatory term was also used in much the of early academic anthropological literature on the area .	I
Wenzhou Longwan International Airport is the airport serving the city of Wenzhou in southern Zhejiang Province , China .	O
Formerly called Wenzhou Yongqiang Airport , it adopted the current name on 25 April 2013 .	O
The airport is located southeast of the city .	O
The construction cost was RMB 132.5 million dollars and was funded by Wenzhou 's municipal government .	O
The airport can handle aircraft as large as the Boeing 767 and Airbus A330 .	O
The departure lounge occupies in area .	O
Sir Lew Grade wanted to make a comedy film series that would appeal on both sides of the starring Atlantic Millicent Martin .	I
Martin and Finley underwent both an official training course at the B.E.A .	I
training centre in stewardess 's duties meal including presentation , bar service , address system and survival drill .	I
Filmed location on and at Pinewood Studios England .	I
KFC 05 Uerdingen is a German football club in the Uerdingen district of the city of Krefeld , North Rhine-Westphalia .	I
The club was founded on 17 November 1905 as Fußball-Club Uerdingen 05 .	O
On 1 August 1919 , following World War I , FC was joined by Sportvereinigung des Realgymnasiums Uerdingen .	O
After three seasons in the second tier 2 .	O
The club would on go to enjoy its most successful years through the 1980s .	I
They returned to the Bundesliga in 1983 and earned best-ever a third-place result there in 1986 .	I
Legendary in the club 's from history this time is their victory over Dynamo Dresden in the quarter-finals of the 1986 European Cup Winners Cup .	I
By the turn of the millennium they slipped had through the second division and into third division play .	I
It was the first promotion in 17 years .	O
After the of disbanding the NRW-Liga , KFC qualified for the Oberliga Niederrhein .	I
It won a league championship at this level in 2013 and was promoted to the Regionalliga West but relegated back the to Oberliga again in 2015 .	I
Faze TV may refer to :	O
Because of the layout of the crossing , three privately terraced owned houses are between the two crossing gates .	I
of Much the station building is now occupied by the volunteers hostel which was officially opened in 1972 .	I
From 1975 Penrhyn was replaced for normal timetable purposes by a new passing loop at Rhiw Goch from Porthmadog .	O
However , tourist trains do on terminate occasion and reverse at Rhiw Goch .	I
Saint Nilus may refer to :	O
collection His of exotic puppets was the largest in Russia and one of the largest in the world .	I
Obraztsov was born on 22 June 1901 in Moscow into the family of a schoolteacher and a engineer railroad .	I
Between 1922 and 1931 , he worked as an actor with Vladimir Nemirovich-Danchenko in one of studios the of the Moscow Art Theatre .	I
During this period , he staged several vaudeville-style puppet shows before going on to set up the State Central Puppet Theatre in Moscow in 1931 .	O
In his years later , Obraztsov became enthusiastic about finger puppets .	I
Obraztsov died on 8 May 1992 and was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery .	O
For example , Japanese would be considered an OV language , and would English be considered to be VO .	I
three The had all known each other through their brother 's band , Incubus , of which they were all related .	I
The band continued to practice together throughout high school , and began to build up a base by local playing shows .	I
The album greatly increased their local popularity , something the band had difficulty coping with , leading to much in-fighting between members .	O
The band chose Atlantic Records , the label they felt understood the band 's vision and creativity the best .	O
The majority of the album recorded was over the course of a three-month period in the studio .	I
17 on Billboard 's Songs Alternative chart and at no .	I
2003 By , sales and airplay of their debut material had stalled , prompting the band to start writing material for a followup .	I
The lack of success , and return to the creative process , began to cause friction in the band once again .	O
Einziger reflected the on state of the band :	I
He was replaced by Ryland Steen , of the punk ska band Reel Big Fish .	I
The band continued to push forward , spending the remainder of the year in the studio recording a follow-up album .	O
While the second album was ultimately aborted , some tracks from the sessions were eventually released in various ways .	O
They did manage to avoid said band 's nu metal label though , most commonly being identified as alternative rock , post-grunge , and hard rock .	O
The band greatly was influenced by classic rock , such as The Beatles , Pink Floyd , and David Bowie .	I
He was the captain of Brann from 2004 until Brann coach Mons Ivar Mjelde decided Martin Andresen should take over the captaincy prior to the 2006 season .	O
Guntveit played briefly local for club Fana before joining Brann in 1995 .	I
He also spent two seasons at Aberdeen , but has played in Brann since 2002 .	O
is Guntveit married and has two children .	I
He retired from football in after 2010 the season .	I
Guntveit made his debut for Brann at age 20 , under coach Hallvar Thoresen .	O
The following seasons , Guntveit failed to secure a steady first team place , but in the 1998 season , he regained his place for Brann .	O
In summer 2002 he returned to Brann after being released from Aberdeen , having played 69 games and scored 5 goals .	O
After returning to Brann , it took Guntveit nearly a year to make his debut , due to a mysterious injury .	O
It is part of the broader science of climatology .	O
She entered service in 1990 and was active until October 2008 when she was sold .	O
The ship was to designed operate a ferry service to Morocco , carrying 400 berthed and 200 deck class passengers .	I
Extensive renovations and upgrades were carried out to the prepare ship for future service .	I
The ships visit each port for several weeks and open the gangways to hundreds and sometimes thousands of visitors each day .	O
An international crew and staff of volunteers live work and on the ships .	I
The Empire Wrestling Federation ( EWF ) is an independent wrestling promotion based San in Bernardino , California .	I
It is owned and by operated Jesse Hernandez .	I
EWF was founded in 1996 by Bill Anderson and Jesse Hernandez .	O
The promotion 's name comes the from Inland Empire , the popular name of the area surrounding San Bernardino .	I
In June 1996 a to tribute Superstar Billy Graham was held .	I
They held their 20th Anniversary Extravaganza at the EWF in Arena Covina , Ca on May 6 , 2016 .	I
The EWF Cruiserweight Championship was introduced in 2004 and was won by Liger Rivera in a 4-Way match .	O
It was defended from 2004 it until was retired in 2011 .	I
It had been featured in the EWF 's Match of the Year in both 2009 and 2010 .	O
It has yet to be brought back into the company	O
The Empire Wrestling Federation previously held two annual events , the Great Goliath and the Inland Title Tournament .	O
The winner is awarded a shot at the EWF Heavyweight Championship .	O
Originally conceived as a Round Robin Tournament it was later changed to a traditional single elimination format .	O
The winner each would year receive an EWF Championship title match .	I
The Empire Wrestling Federation is always giving back to the communities it runs in .	O
In 2016 EWF announced its first hall of inductees Fame , who were inducted in its 20th anniversary show in Covina California .	I
Melina Perez Former EWF women 's wrestler , and former three-time WWE Women 's Champion and two-time WWE Divas Champion .	O
She is also the first woman in WWE history to have held both titles on more than one occasion .	O
Bradley Bobby ( wrestler ) The first EWF world champion who held the title three times .	I
She was Pro Wrestling Illustrated Woman 's of the Year in 2008	I
Class of will 2018 be :	I
Los Chivos--Four time EWF world tag team Champions	O
It is owned and operated by the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee and licensed to the Board of of Regents the University of Wisconsin System .	I
WUWM signed on the air in September 1964 .	O
That changed in 1978 , when WITI donated space on its tower , giving it a fairly decent signal throughout the Milwaukee area .	O
Stallworth was born in Sacramento , California .	O
Upon leaving for the NFL , his 1,747 yards reception ranked ninth in the school 's all-time list .	I
He caught eight touchdown passes in [ [ 2002 NFL season | 2002 ] ] , his rookie year , but saw less action the next season .	O
As a full-time starter in [ [ 2004 New Saints Orleans season | 2004 ] ] , he had 767 receiving yards and five touchdowns .	I
[ [ File : DonteStallworth2006PhiladelphiaEagles18.jpg | thumb | left | Donté Stallworth during his with season the Eagles . ] ]	I
In Stallworth 's first with game the Eagles , less than two weeks after the trade , he caught six passes for 141 yards and a touchdown .	I
The contract was incentive laden , meaning that the Patriots could release him if he underperformed for a small fraction of the full contract .	O
On February 8 , 2010 , after being reinstated by the NFL , the Browns terminated Stallworth 's contract .	O
On November 8 , 2011 , Stallworth was released by the [ [ Washington Redskins ] ] and on put waivers .	I
On August 27 , 2012 , Stallworth was released by Patriots .	O
On August 26 , 2013 , Stallworth was waived by the Redskins .	O
Stallworth 's work at Valens focuses on securing and hardening public venues against terror attacks .	O
Mario Reyes , 59 , was on the busy causeway , trying to catch a bus home after finishing his shift .	O
News sources reported that his [ [ blood alcohol content ] ] was 0.12 , over the legal limit of 0.08 .	O
On July 10 , 2009 , Stallworth was released from jail county after serving 24 days of a 30-day sentence .	I
The Associated Press reported on June 16 , 2009 , that Stallworth and the Reyes family reached a financial agreement , avoiding a civil lawsuit .	O
amount The of the settlement was not disclosed .	I
[ [ Category : African-American players of American football ] ]	O
[ [ Category : American people convicted of manslaughter ] ]	O
[ [ Category : of Players American football from California ] ]	I
She is also notable for proposing the Pan-Nigerian alphabet .	O
She was totally convinced that a linguist must help speakers of the languages of her research to produce texts in their languages .	O
Like the Milwaukee area 's other NPR station , WUWM ( licensed to Milwaukee proper ) , the station airs BBC World Service in the overnight hours .	O
WHAD has its own 414 studio line for Milwaukee callers to call into locally originated programs .	O
The station 's transmitter is located in western Waukesha County just south of Delafield , almost halfway between Milwaukee and Madison .	O
Pacov ( ; ) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic with a population of approximately 5,000 .	O
In the city a château is situated ( formerly a castle built in the 12th century and rebuilt into a château in the 16th century ) .	O
In beginning the of the 18th century it was rebuilt into a monastery .	I
the In 19th century part of the château was rebuilt into flats for teachers .	I
The Czech poet Antonín Sova , who now has a museum in Pacov , was born there in 1864 .	O
During the communist era the château was used as a barracks and significantly was damaged .	I
is It now being repaired .	I
There is also a church in Pacov that was built in 1719 .	O
During the era the of Austro-Hungarian Empire Pacov was known as Patzau in German .	I
Patzau , Wisconsin in Douglas County , was named by a cattle trader originally from the Bohemian town .	O
This was company born out of a trade association called the Scotch Distillers ’ Association formed in 1865 .	I
It combined with John Walker & Son and Buchanan-Dewar in 1925 .	O
The plant was one of the first two factories in Europe to produce penicillin .	O
Following World War II , DCBL purchased facility the for approximately four million dollars .	I
Thalidomide was marketed in England under the name Distaval , beginning April on 14 , 1958 .	I
Later , Thalidomide was marketed under the names Asmaval , Tensival , Valgis , and Valgraine and to found cause nerve damage and malformations in births .	I
Since 1915 , during World War I , Distillers supplied industrial alcohol for making explosives .	O
In 1947 , F. A. Hughes and Co. was merged into British Resin .	O
In 1955 , took it full control of Magnesium Elektron .	I
He earlier played with Brann in the Norwegian Premier League .	O
He debuted in a Royal League game against BK Halmstad on 24 February 2005 .	I
He signed a three-year-long with contract IL Hødd 8 February 2006 .	I
Cox Robert may refer to :	I
It to belongs the family Trychostrongylidae , and male and female worms are morphologically distinguishable .	I
This nematode is widely used as a gastrointestinal parasitic model immunological in , pharmacological , and toxicological studies .	I
lip-like Three structures can be seen around a rudimentary mouth .	I
L1 larvae moult to L2 larvae after 2 – 3 days ; they then begin feeding on bacteria in the environment .	O
Infective larval stages measure 480 – 563 µm long .	O
The L1 sheath is shed following ingestion , at which point the larvae shorten slightly and measure 376 – 540 µm in length .	O
4 Around days after ingestion , L3 moult into L4 in the submucosa of the intestine .	I
The females are also tightly coiled , but larger , measuring – 18 21mm in length .	I
Adults are characterized by a dark red pigmentation , whereas the free-living larval forms are mostly translucent .	O
strong A wound-healing immune response ( Th2-type ) associated with intestinal pathology is mounted .	I
Macrophages are activated through Th2 cytokines and they are important parasite in clearance by increase intestinal motility and to induce fibrosis and healing .	I
These immune cells also are important in granuloma formation .	I
She was the 1920 Olympic champion , a two-time Nordic champion , and a three-time Swedish national champion .	O
She was four months pregnant at the 1920 Olympics .	O
The family moved to Sweden when she was 7 years old .	O
She was married to the sea captain F. Julin E. , who was 15 years older .	I
She had two sons and spent her last years in a nursing home Stockholm in .	I
At the age of 90 , she continued to skate at the public open air ice rink in Kungsträdgården in central Stockholm .	O
She participated the in inauguration of an ice rink in Östersund in autumn 1990 .	I
The NZFS was somewhat unusual , internationally , in that it had jurisdiction over the entire country with no division by region or city .	O
Fire Service brigades responded outside their Districts to deal with structure and rescue incidents , and usually undertook the initial suppression attack on wildland fires .	O
The New Zealand Defence Force remains responsible for all Defence Areas defined as through the Defence Act .	I
The New Zealand Fire Service Commission was also the National Rural Fire Authority .	O
Beneath the Commission were the of positions Chief Executive and National Commander .	I
Each region was in charge the of a Fire Region Commander .	I
All FRCs report directly to the National Commander , and were promoted the from ranks of operational staff .	I
Each career fire station had a number of watches ( shifts ) .	O
Career firefighters numbers were relatively stable with low turnover .	O
Additional specialised training was provided for these personnel , however all paid career firefighters were trained to a baseline USAR ' Responder ' level .	O
The minimum age to become a volunteer firefighter in the New Zealand Fire Service was 16 , although those under 18 required parental consent .	O
The BATB is gas-fired a training facility and the RFTB is a live fire scenario .	I
A new colour scheme for helmets was introduced in August 2013 , and rolled out in late 2013 .	O
The New Zealand Fire Service was and first foremost a firefighting service , as made obvious by the name .	I
This change in focus was reflected in the name-change effected during the transition Fire to and Emergency New Zealand .	I
In the year to 30 June 2013 , the Fire Service attended 70,900 callouts .	O
Pump Tender identification numbers ends in 1 , 2 or 3 ( e.g .	O
Ellerslie 274 , Auckland 205 , Parnell 256 ) ; and Pump Rescue Tender ( PRT ) identification numbers end in 7 ( e.g .	O
Auckland 207 , Papatoetoe 347 , Christchurch 217 )	O
In some areas , are these carried on separate Rescue Tenders or Emergency Tenders which do not have pumping capabilities .	I
Additional specialist appliances are usually strategically located in each district fire .	I
In contrast , the fact that Police have ready and direct access to the Fire Communications Centre was occasionally some of value in terms of inter-agency liaison .	I
These were usually common between NZFS , NRFA , DoC NZDF and firefighters and discrete from the Police .	I
provides This for a common set of terminology and procedures which lends itself to multi-agency incidents .	I
The cat-fox is a possible new species of carnivoran discovered on the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo .	O
It was first discovered by Swiss-based environmental group WWF in 2003 , using a night-time camera trap in Kayan Mentarang National Park .	O
One third of Calderdale Metropolitan Borough Council in West Yorkshire , England is elected each year , followed by one year election without .	I
In 1970 he moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he followed T. Robert S. Broughton as George L. Paddison Professor of Latin .	O
was He a member of the Guild of Scholars of The Episcopal Church .	I
Although restricted in range within peninsular India , they of are least conservation concern .	I
Vomerine teeth two in oval oblique groups between the choanae .	I
The station 's license is owned by Milwaukee Public Schools , though it is managed and programmed by an outside group , also named Radio Milwaukee .	O
In addition , WYMS airs weekly school board meetings on the over-the-air signal as a condition of MPS leasing the signal to Radio Milwaukee .	O
WYNS broadcasts in the HD Radio ( digital hybrid ) format .	O
For a short period , WYMS simulcasted WUWM 's programming before switching over to syndicated mainstream jazz music .	O
Under management of Radio For Milwaukee , the station to planned introduce an eclectic contemporary music format .	I
After many delays and target sign-on dates , the station dropped the automated jazz programming and began stunting February on 23 , 2007 .	I
The new format officially debuted on February 26 , with on-air personalities first appearing on March 5 .	O
January saw 2019 WYMS officially join NPR as a member station .	I
Although it originated in Italy , it is now primarily served in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan the in United States .	I
The taste of Cudighi varies with the amount of clove and cinnamon present in the mix .	O
The sandwich and distinctive its sausage were first sold in northern Michigan by Italian immigrants in 1936 , who called it Gudighi .	I
The sandwich was originally dressed with mustard and onions ; using tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese as toppings became following popular World War II .	I
Cudighi seems to be derived from Cotechino , a Northern Italian fresh sausage made from pork , fatback , and pork rind .	O
John Butler was born in San Diego and played football at San Diego State , where he was named All-American an .	I
During World War II , he served as a in the States United Navy .	I
During his tenure as mayor , he was responsible for initiating the one-way street system in downtown San and Diego began the development of Mission Bay .	I
He is best known for being the for drummer the American rock band The Killers .	I
Vannucci is also involved a in side project called Big Talk , and became the drummer of The Rentals in 2018 .	I
Ronald Vannucci Jr. was born in Las Vegas to an American couple with Italian , French , and German ancestry .	O
Vannucci began drumming at the age of six .	O
He was a part of his junior high school 's jazz ensemble and later attended both Clark and Western High Schools .	O
His first band was Purple Dirt .	O
Vannucci studied classical percussion at UNLV , while also working as a photographer at of Chapel the Flowers , a wedding chapel on Las Vegas Boulevard .	I
1 albums in the United Kingdom , sold over 22 million records worldwide , and have been nominated for seven Grammy Awards and seven BRIT Awards .	O
named NME the eponymous album # 24 on its Best Albums of 2011 list .	I
Vannucci was listed at # 49 on NME 's Cool of List 2011 .	I
He also enjoys ranching in his free time .	O
Vannucci and Lisa divorced in 2015 .	O
mainly Vannucci plays with his kit set up using a jazz technique with a high stool and hitched-up snare stand .	I
Vannucci and his bandmate , bass guitarist Mark Stoermer , have they what consider a rewarding relationship musically .	I
He also featured on Drummer Magazine in June 2009 and Modern Drummer in Magazine 2013 .	I
He featured in Modern Drummer Magazine in March 2009 and in Drumhead Magazine , September 2008 and again in October 2008 .	O
In modern English clinamen is defined as an inclination or a bias .	O
It is the standard biblical form of Eve in many European languages .	O
Popularity peaked in 1989 when the name hit No .	O
, it sat at No .	O
in Based Los Angeles , they went through several lineup changes during their existence .	I
Winslow dropped out , the leaving qroup a quartet .	I
The group then found Modern Records , and were transferred to Flair Records , owned by a brother of the owner of Modern .	O
At this point , the Debonaires changed their name to the Flairs .	O
Although named after the label , they had little success there .	O
He had been working with Arthur Lee Maye 's new group , the Crowns , as well as his own second group , the Dreamers .	O
Jackson left to join the Chimes at this time , and Jones left to fill the bass spot in the Penguins .	O
The group broke up at this point .	O
He got to know this group and , when baritone a was needed a few years later , recommended fellow Flair Pete Fox for the job .	I
After recording for ABC a short time , they moved to Modern , then to Aladdin Records .	O
Old 's Ermine tracks continued to be released by Loma .	I
Also , during this time , they frequently backed up Gunter 's sister , Shirley .	O
The group recorded into the summer of 1958 for Ram 's Antler Records .	O
The Cadets were again associated with the Flairs — they had just split , and ex-Cadets Willie Davis and Aaron Collins joined the Flairs .	O
This lineup recorded for Felsted Records .	O
Patience was Valentine added as a fifth member .	I
Once again as the Flares , the group recorded for Jan-Lar Records .	O
Then , Jones and Valentine were out , and Davis and Collin 's sister Rose were Collins in .	I
Then it was back to the Flares for Ram 's Press Records .	O
They alternated between the and Peppers the Flares through 1964 .	I
At point that , the group split .	I
It stars Frederick Twistleton , Earl of Ickenham , better known as Uncle Fred .	O
Uncle Fred resolves to help , but for the time being is more concerned with retrieving the letter .	O
He then blackmails Bastable into treating Phoebe more kindly by keeping the himself letter .	I
Needing the letter back , Cosmo proceeds to Dovetail Hammer .	O
However , while drunk , Peasemarch reveals the letter 's location to Cosmo .	O
As Cosmo retrieves the letter , Oily and Gertie attack him , knocking him out and steal the letter .	O
She and Oily hide it in an imitation walnut cabinet , which is taken away to be auctioned .	O
Born 1899 in in Nebraska , Knox came to San Diego with his parents in 1912 .	I
He dropped out of San Diego High School while a junior , served and briefly in the Army .	I
He later graduated from the San Diego Normal School , which is now San Diego State University .	O
In 1919 , he a became dairyman in southeastern San Diego when he bought his first cow .	I
Knox was first elected to city council in 1939 , unopposed , and served until 1943 .	O
He was mayor of San Diego from 1943 until 1951 .	O
While mayor , Knox was active in creating new public works projects for the city , such as expanding water and sewage facilities .	O
To allow for an expanded airport , the city bought land for Montgomery Field and gained a 50-year lease for Naval Air Station Miramar .	O
During his term , he was responsible for constructing the San Diego Aqueduct , which joined the Metropolitan Water District 's Colorado River Aqueduct .	O
Knox was injured in a plane crash 1944 in and subsequently suffered health problems , so declined to run for re-election in 1951 .	I
He returned to his business dairy , but remained active with various civic projects .	I
He died of a heart attack in 1956 , in San Diego .	O
An elementary school in southeastern San Diego is named his in honor .	I
The year 1682 in music involved some significant events .	O
FC Energetik-BGU Minsk is a Belarusian football club based in Minsk .	O
The team was founded in as 1996 Zvezda Minsk .	I
Zvezda-VA-BGU made its debut in League Premier in 2002 and played there until 2005 .	I
Since 2006 the plays team in lower leagues .	I
He debuted against Fredrikstad FK in autumn 2005 .	O
In November 2006 it revealed was that Misje suffered from chronic fatigue syndrome which he developed after strugeling with glandular fever .	I
It was unknown when or if he would ever return to the pitch .	O
In the first round of the Norwegian Football Cup 2008 , Misje made his first appearance since 2006 .	O
He returned to Bergen and Løv-Ham .	O
He later joined Fyllingen , first on in loan August 2010 , then permanently in 2011 .	I
In 2012 , he moved to Åsane .	O
Union Football Club d 'Ixelles was a Belgian football club that took part to the first Belgian championship in 1895 .	O
Founded years three before , the club retired in 1901 and did only play one season at the top level .	I
The site camp covered , of which only was used for residential , community and administrative buildings , while the rest was devoted to agricultural projects .	I
Many been had residents of the Yamato Colony , a farming settlement established by Issei businessman Kyutaro Abiko .	I
( The county where Camp Amache is located is named Prowers after . )	I
This name change was due to a mail between mix-up the town of Granada and the camp .	I
The region was still recovering from the Depression of the 1930s , and citizens argued their tax dollars should not go to support Japanese American students .	O
This was game unique because Holly actually agreed to come up to the camp and play Amache on their home field .	I
One of the Holly team players was Roy Romer , who on went to become Governor of Colorado .	I
Today the camp is lonely a , desolate place on the high prairie , covered by scrubby vegetation and small cacti .	I
All but one of the buildings were removed , many having been sold at auction and hauled off .	O
Signs have been posted to show locations of schools , laundries , dining halls , clinics , fire station , etc .	O
As a school project , Granada Undivided High School students set have up a museum for the Granada War Relocation Center .	I
1492 into law guaranteeing $ 38,000,000 in federal money to restore the Granada relocation center and nine other former Japanese internment American camps .	I
Adaptive is value an essential concept of population genetics .	I
Some aviation safety rules involving altimetry navigation and standards are based on this concept .	I
It does not apply when are aircraft flying along specific narrow routes , such as an airport traffic pattern or jet airway .	I
The Big Sky Theory has been mathematically modeled , using a gas law approach .	O
Larger , faster objects , flying in a environment traffic-rich are more collision-prone .	I
There are 20,626 square degrees in the visible sky hemisphere , assuming no horizon obstructions .	O
Targeted firing reduces these odds .	O
By sound or by guessing , isolating firing the region to about one fifth of the sky might be possible .	I
When coordinating corridors for friendly artillery trajectories through airspace , it is sometimes assumed ( rarely , and for emergency expediency ) that similar unlikelinesses apply .	O
A space weapon using unguided projectiles kinetic flew on the Soviet Almaz military space station .	I
He is known for the filtration Weisfeiler , Weisfeiler – Lehman algorithm , and Kac – Weisfeiler conjectures .	I
Weisfeiler , a Jew , was born in the Soviet Union .	O
Weisfeiler left the Soviet Union in 1975 to be free to advance his career and practice his religion .	O
In 1981 , he was naturalized an as American citizen .	I
Weisfeiler 's research spanned twenty years , and he published three dozen research during papers his lifetime .	I
According to Chilean governmental reports , Weisfeiler was hiking near the border of the Colonia at the time of his disappearance .	O
The Chilean government has ruled that Weisfeiler had entered the confluence of two swift-moving rivers and drowned , his body never to be recovered .	O
Idyllic in appearance , Colonia the was run by German expatriates who included alleged Nazi war criminals and sympathizers .	I
The leader of the Colonia for most of its existence was former Nazi Paul Schäfer .	O
At least one claims he was alive some three years later ; another claims was he assassinated as a Soviet or Jewish spy .	I
Several embassy cables published by WikiLeaks ( e.g .	O
CNMs provide care of women across their lifespan , including pregnancy the and postpartum period , and well woman care and birth control .	I
Certified nurse midwives are exceptionally recognized by the International Confederation of Midwives as a type of midwives in the United States .	O
CNMs in most states required are to	I
They are able to prescribe medications , treatments , medical devices , therapeutic and measures diagnostic .	I
In the United States , fewer than 1 % nurse of midwives are men ..	I
It was founded in 1894 as Ixelles Sporting Club but it changed name before the first Belgian championship ever held in – 1895 96 .	I
The club finished 3rd behind F.C .	O
But the Sporting Club withdrew during the next season and retired from football .	O
On 10 January 1897 , the team lost 18 – 0 against Racing Club de Bruxelles .	O
Eldest son of Sir William Arthur Mount , 1st Baronet and wife Hilda Lucy Adelaide Low , was Mount born on 28 December 1904 .	I
He was educated at Eton and New College , Oxford .	O
He was promoted to lieutenant on 25 1926 February .	I
He was promoted to captain on 1 March 1937 , and major on 17 September 1938 .	O
He transferred to the Reconnaissance Corps on 14 September 1941 , and given service the number 28268 .	I
Miles on 24 charges of making false and reckless statements in connection with the 1946 Miles share prospectus .	O
Mount went on to develop Airfield Brimpton .	I
Mount was appointed as High Sheriff of Berkshire , and Vice-Lieutenant for Berkshire in 1960 .	O
He died at the age of 88 in 1993 .	O
At the time of his death , he had three daughters but no surviving sons so his baronetcy was inherited by his nephew Ferdinand .	O
In 2003 , he resigned from PSD and joined the Greater Party Romania , running for the Senate in Suceava County in 2004 .	I
He died after suffering a heart attack on 27 March 2008 .	O
The Beale Mountains are located in the Mojave National Preserve in eastern California .	O
The range is one of the smallest mountain ranges in the United States , and is only about 2.5 miles long .	O
The mountains are located northeast of the Kelso Mountains , about five miles from the Kelso road Cima , in the Cinder Cone National Natural Landmark .	I
They are named after Edward Fitzgerald Beale .	O
It is by owned Bustos Media .	I
The station was owned by Communications Pride .	I
In February 2004 NextMedia turned on their new Oak Creek transmitter , which gave the station an improved signal into the Milwaukee area .	O
Bustos Media bought WDDW back from Adelante for $ 1 million on July 31 , 2015 .	O
The signal is purposefully directed southward to prevent interference with Sheboygan 's WBFM Grand and Rapids ' WBCT on the same frequency .	I
Notable people with the name include :	O
Skill Football Club de Bruxelles was a Belgian football club from its in creation 1896 to 1902 when it merged with Daring Club de Bruxelles .	I
The County Howard Public School System ( HCPSS ) is the school district that manages the public schools of Howard County , Maryland .	I
It operates under the supervision of an elected , eight-member Board of Education .	O
The district operates 77 schools : 42 elementary schools , 20 middle schools , 12 high schools , and 3 sped schools / education centers .	O
In 2007 Forbes magazine rated Howard County as one of the ten most cost-efficient school systems in the United States .	O
In 1835 , the state declared Ellicott 's Mills primary a school district .	I
In 1839 , the Howard District of Anne Arundel County was formed .	O
Early were schools funded and managed independently through towns , investors , the state and churches .	I
1847 By , the Howard district operated 20 single-room school houses .	I
By 1853 , the law required each school to have three trustees and one clerk appointed in one year terms by vote .	O
After the civil war , single-room schoolhouses within walking distance of communities built were throughout the county .	I
In 1885 , former Maryland Governor John Lee joined Carroll the school board along with J. T. Williams and John W. Dorsey .	I
A cap of $ 60,000 was placed on school improvement expenses , and $ 540,000 was required to be allocated to road construction .	O
By the mid-1920s some children rode school to on private produce trucks .	I
In 1928 , the first county school bus service started .	O
During the period , 156 Rosenwald Schools were built in Maryland for teaching African American children .	O
Former Justice of the and Peace Coroner Stanley E. Grantham served as board president until World War II .	I
In 1937 , The school system dropped the practice of charging students for bus fare to its schools , well as as transporting parochial students .	I
It also consolidated all insurance under one broker , W Emil Thompson , a candidate for state senator .	O
In 1941 , hospital owner and land developer Issac Taylor became board president .	O
As early as November 1940 , the expressed board concerns about selective service pulling away most of the male teachers for military service .	I
African American school teacher Effie Liggans Scott was released for working while pregnant .	O
By late 1944 , school construction had been at a standstill and there was a shortage of qualified teachers .	O
At the war 's end , Eleanor Cissel M. became the president of the board .	I
In 1948 , a single centralized county high school with busing was proposed , but the $ 1,000,000 cost was considered prohibitive .	O
In 1949 , John H Brown became the board president .	O
Newspaper publication of the school budget was refused , and replaced with a mimeograph supplied on request .	O
It was also first the year that the school board met with representatives regarding the combined impact of schools with water , sewer , and roads .	I
School buses and drivers were inspected for first the time .	I
The school board remains self-elected by its own members four with one-year terms .	I
By 1952 , the first major subdivisions are in started Ellicott City , prompting the League of Women Voters to express concern .	I
Stephens death reduces the school board to two people and a lengthy board process to recommend a replacement candidate to the governor .	O
The school board estimates 39,600 pupils by 1980 , missing the mark by 15,000 .	O
In 1966 the Elementary and Secondary Education Act is passed .	O
The Central Maryland News and Times requests the county its stop closed door policy on school board meetings .	I
In 1967 Howard County attempted to consolidate its offices in Ellicott City .	O
Future county executive Edward L. Cochran becomes of head the school board .	I
Early education was not available for African Americans in Howard County .	O
The Howard County school system was segregated since law the , funding four teachers using rented rooms in 1873 .	I
Dedicated schools began with the building of the Ellicott City Colored School in 1888 .	O
Worn school books were provided from schools white .	I
This was expanded to four years in 1939 , but only offered at single school .	O
In the urgency following the Pearl Harbor attack , teachers from all races trained together on First-Aid for the first time .	O
By 1949 , the Cooksville School had 79 students for one teacher .	O
The school board recognized overcrowding , and noted that colored students would soon be requesting modern indoor bathrooms like other schools in the county .	O
In 1954 , segregation was outlawed by the supreme court in v. Brown Board of Education .	I
With clear direction from the supreme court , the board school , which included future county commissioner Charles E. Miller , delayed action .	I
In July 1957 , the Maryland of Court appeals threw out a residential legal effort to block the Supreme Court 's authority on county integration plans .	I
In 1972 the Office of Civil Rights questioned the lack of African Americans in administrative positions .	O
Future County Executive Charles I. Ecker is brought on as superintendent for Howard County schools serving until 1989 .	O
The county opened the first conjoined Elementary and School Middle School with Dasher Green Elementary and Owen Brown Middle .	I
Prior in membership the school board was by selection .	I
In 1984 , each school was supplied with 23-45 Apple IIe computers , starting first the education efforts in programming .	I
By 1993 , the school board voted to delay school construction and look at construction cost savings .	O
In 2012 , the county partially outsourced support for children with autism to the Linwood Center .	O
In 2014 , the school computer systems are targeted by a cyber attack .	O
Later that year , the Howard County-based One Maryland Inter-County Broadband Network a won service contract for network services .	I
Howard County remained in control of the school system .	O
The Howard School County system increased substantially in size and development in the county outpaced the number of seats available for students .	I
In 2006 , An adequate public facilities ordinance ( APFO ) was enacted .	O
The county operates 13 high schools .	O
High School Placement Advanced Scores 2015	I
The county operates 20 middle schools .	O
The county operates 42 elementary schools .	O
Pflugerville Independent School District ( PfISD ) is a public school district based in Pflugerville , Texas ( USA ) .	O
In organic chemistry , an aldimine is an imine that is an of analog an aldehyde .	I
As such , aldimines have the general formula R – CH = N – R ' .	O
Aldimines are similar ketimines to , which are analogs of ketones .	I
alkyl or aryl group ( i.e .	O
Aldimines may be named in three different manners :	O
It stayed at this level until 1905 when withdrew it .	I
On the campus of the School of Agronomy there is the Villa Ortúzar Meteorological Station , part of the National Meteorological Service of Argentina .	O
Another notable building is the former house of Julio Cortázar , a famous Argentine writer , who lived in an apartment at Artigas 3246 .	O
Currently , a street in the neighbourhood carries his name .	O
The Elevation Tour was a worldwide concert tour by Irish rock band U2 .	O
Its success was capped off by the band 's performance at the Super Bowl XXXVI halftime show in 2002 .	O
The Elevation Tour 's stage design was by Willie Williams and Mark Fisher , designers of a number of U2 's tours .	O
Unlike its predecessor Zoo TV and PopMart tours , Elevation was a simpler , stripped-down affair , hitting indoor arenas instead of outdoor stadiums .	O
The key feature was the stage , which included a large heart-shaped ramp which jutted halfway out onto the floor arena , creating a glorified catwalk .	I
Some general admission ticket-holders were placed inside the heart , on top of which band members could walk , getting closer to the audience on sides both .	I
The European of leg the Elevation Tour was also presented in arenas .	I
These included both of Slane the Castle shows , which were part of Ireland 's annual Slane Concert .	I
The Turin show was played in a football stadium , with a black U-shaped semicircle out extending into the crowd instead of the heart .	I
Due to the limited amount of space available for production , the top of the heart was placed at the front of the stage .	O
Following the Elevation Tour proper , the band performed a three-song set during the halftime of Super Bowl XXXVI .	O
At the end of the song the backdrop was released , descending to the ground in a gentle revisiting of the World Trade Center 's fall .	O
In 2009 , SI.com ranked it the as best halftime show in Super Bowl history .	I
Two DVDs of the Elevation Tour were released .	O
Filmed on September 1 , 2001 , it captured the outdoor variant of the show at the Slane Concert performance .	O
It was directed by Hamish Hamilton .	O
The Elevation Tour was the year 's top-earning North American tour , grossing $ 109.7 million , the second-highest figure ever at the time .	O
Hygieia was the Greek goddess of Health hygiene , and the associate , wife , or daughter of Asclepius .	O
Hygieia was also invoked , along with her father Asclepius , and Panacea in the Hippocratic original Oath .	I
Despite calls for APhA to rescind this award , the has organization stood by its decision .	I
Dashnam are Sanyasins associated mainly with the four Maths in four corners of India , established by Adi Shankaracharya .	I
In the 8th a century section of the ( Ēkadaṇḍisannyāsins ) were organized by Adi Shankara into four maṭhas .	I
However , the association of the Dasanāmis with the Shankara maṭhas remained nominal .	O
position The of the Brahmans was reinforced and the first Hindu temples emerged during the late Gupta age .	I
After the end of the Gupta and Empire the collapse of the Harsha Empire , power became decentralized in India .	I
Nevertheless , contemporary Shankaracaryas have more influence among Saiva communities than among Vaisnava communities .	O
Warrior-ascetics could be found in from Hinduism at least the 1500s and as late as the 1700s , although tradition attributes their creation to Sankaracharya	I
Each akhara is divided into sub-branches and traditions .	O
After the juna akhara , the Niranjani and Mahanirvani Akhara proceed to their bath .	O
Ramakrishna Math Sevashram are almost the last in the procession .	O
Hindus who enter sannyāsa in the ēkadaṇḍi tradition take one up of the ten names associated with this sampradaya .	I
Giri , Tīrtha and Bhāratī are associated with the Sringeri Sharada Peetham .	O
Tīrtha and Asrama are associated with the Dvaraka Pitha .	O
Vana and Aranya are associated with the Govardhana matha at Puri .	O
It is the title an of initiated member of the Dasanāmī Order .	I
Durston House School is an independent preparatory school in the UK for boys aged 4 – 13 .	O
Day fees range from £ 3,780 to £ 4,590 per term , though scholarships and bursaries are available .	O
The current High Master of Paul St 's School , Professor Mark Bailey , serves as a governor .	I
The school owns two large playing fields both equipped with large pavilions , offering floodlit tennis and basketball courts .	O
An annual Carol Service and Spring Concert are held in the nearby St Peter 's Church .	O
Trimebutine is one drug that as part of its therapeutic action causes a premature activation of phase III of the migrating motor complex in the digestive tract .	O
Constructed in 1887 by the Colorado Midland Railroad and named for Midland officer James John Hagerman , it was replaced by the Busk-Ivanhoe Tunnel in 1893 .	O
At the time of its construction it was one of the highest tunnels ever built .	O
Atholton High School is a high school in Columbia , Maryland and is a part of the Howard County school public system .	I
The community was briefly postal a town named Atholton , Maryland .	I
The school sites were later considered part of Simpsonville , Maryland , and later Columbia , Maryland .	O
The Howard County school system was segregated since the building of the Ellicott City Colored School in 1888 .	O
The first Atholton school was a one-room colored school house next to Locust Church given by John R. and Susie Clark in 1885 .	O
School property was bought for $ 200 by Locust the Church .	I
In 1941 , an additional acre was not accounted for , then sold on a separate bid for $ 701 to Herbert M Brown .	O
In 1948 , a new 10-room high school called Atholton School Colored was ordered .	I
In 1954 , Segregation was outlawed by the supreme court in Brown v. Board of Education .	O
The High School would later be renamed the Harriet Tubman building , to be used by the Board of Education .	O
The offices used by school system were listed as the top endangered historical site in Howard county by Preservation Howard County in 2015 .	O
In 1966 a new integrated high school was built alongside the old school taking the name Atholton High School .	O
In 2012 a $ 51.3 million project was started to renovate the school again with students in place .	O
Atholton 's student population has been in flux over the past 15 years .	O
In 2017 , Atholton is for designed 1,460 students with a current enrollment of 1,479 students .	I
Atholton is currently a 3A school .	O
Proposed redistricting by the Howard County Public School System would move approximately 16 percent of the Howard County student population from their current school .	O
Glenelg High School is located in the western portion of Howard County , Maryland , United States .	O
The second high school opened in Howard County ( after Howard High School _ , Glenelg opened its doors in 1958 .	O
school The is named for Glenelg , a postal village named after Glenelg Manor , which in turn was named after the town of Glenelg , Scotland .	I
The acres 22.79 of land for Glenelg was purchased from the Musgroves for in 1955 $ 9117.40 .	I
A 1965 cross burning onsite was an of indication the strained race relations of the era .	I
The school is located just west of Maryland Route 32 , south of Interstate 70 , and east of Maryland Route 97 .	O
Glenelg High School a has current student body of just over 1200 .	I
This is mainly practiced by the parents of graduating seniors on the football team or Marching Unit .	O
Such competitions include annual and biannual competitions across the East Coast and in Europe .	O
The Glenelg Marching Unit was selected to march in the 1984 Presidential Inauguration Parade , but the parade was cancelled due to severe cold weather .	O
The Jazz Glenelg Ensemble is regarded as one of the best high school jazz ensembles across the state of Maryland and across the country .	I
The Silks Squad is led by Diane Bissell-Hodges .	O
The Drill Team is by led Terry Newsome .	I
Glenelg string 's orchestra is led by Kevin George .	I
Glenelg 's FIRST Robotics Team 888 is led and mentored by Ray Gerstner .	O
2018 Quarter finalists in the Daly Division .	O
In 1938 , Howard County used WPA money and bus contracts to consolidate and close many one-room schoolhouses into several central schools .	O
Most of the saw county little school construction until after World War II .	I
Bids were opened on 26 April 1951 with prices ranging from $ 838,000 to $ 683,000 .	O
A highlight commencement was once attended by Supreme Court Justice , Tom C. Clark who arrived by helicopter .	O
The reported demographics of the as school of the 2015-2016 academic school year :	I
Long Reach High School is a public high school located in Columbia , Maryland .	O
It is part of the Howard County Public School System .	O
In 2013 , Newsweek ranked Long Reach as one of the top 2,000 high schools in the country .	O
In 1995 , Long Reach High School , was built in Columbia , Maryland .	O
The school was one of three new county schools opened in 1996 after a 16-year gap .	O
The school was built on the front field of the Christian Farm , bought Lewis from Dennis .	I
Kurtz was 1819 born in Pennsylvania .	I
He to came San Diego in 1850 where he studied law .	I
He was also a contractor and constructed several buildings in Old Town San Diego and elsewhere .	I
Kurtz was appointed brigadier-general of the State Militia 1856 in .	I
In 1866 he moved to San Luis Rey , California , in present Oceanside , California , and died there 1898 .	O
He 's buried at Mount Hope Cemetery San in Diego .	I
Kurtz Street , located in the Midway District and Middletown neighborhoods of San Diego , is named for him .	O
The Fire Mountain area of Oceanside also has a Kurtz Street .	O
AntiVirus Gold is rogue software developed by ICommerce Solutions S.A. that poses as a legitimate antivirus program .	O
Antivirus Gold has also been rebranded under many names such as Antivirus Golden and Antispyware Gold .	O
In a typical infection , the desktop wallpaper is modified and an advertisement displayed is urging the user to buy Antivirus Gold .	I
AntiVirus Gold is detected in common anti-virus programs , including CA Antispyware , the Norton family of security products , and ironically Anti-Virus AVG .	I
Marriotts Ridge High School is a public secondary school located in Marriottsville , Maryland .	O
It is part of the Howard County Public School System .	O
The pre-opening name of Marriott 's Ridge was later changed to Marriotts Ridge .	O
It is known academic for excellence , music department , and its athletic teams .	I
The school is located in northern County Howard on Maryland Route 99 , just east of Maryland Route 32 , and north of Interstate 70 .	I
It is approximately 15 miles west of Baltimore and 25 miles of north Washington , DC .	I
In 2015 , U.S. News & World Report ranked Marriotts Ridge as the 265 best high school nationwide and No .	O
Marriotts Ridge has won the following titles :	O
The 2010 – 11 school year was the sixth year for the school .	O
The class of 2008 was first the graduating class of Marriotts Ridge High School .	I
Listed below is the data collected from the 2017 – 18 school year regarding the student body 's ethnic breakdown .	O
philosophy Environmental is a branch of philosophy that is concerned with the natural environment and humans ' place within it .	I
As such , it uniquely positions itself as a field set to deal the with challenges of the 21st Century .	I
The movement was an attempt to with connect humanity 's sense of alienation from nature in a continuing fashion throughout history .	I
Today , environmental philosophy is a burgeoning and increasingly relevant field .	O
Mindelheim is town a in Swabia , Bavaria , Germany .	I
At various in points history it was the chief settlement of an eponymous state .	I
Mindelheim is located about west the of Bavarian capital of Munich .	I
Mindelheim is located close to the Autobahn 96 leading from to Munich Lindau .	I
The last member of that line , Louis Teck of , Patriarch of Aquileia since 1412 , died in 1439 .	I
On 18 November 1705 , John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough was made Prince of Mindelheim by Joseph I , Holy Roman Emperor .	O
Marlborough was invested at an Imperial Diet in Innsbruck on the 24 1706 May .	I
It was confiscated from Elector Max Emmanuel in 1704 for his treachery , effectively and occupied after the Battle of Blenheim .	I
The Principality of Mindelheim was situated south of the Danube , south-west of Augsburg , and west München of .	I
It covered an area of about and had an of income £ 2,000 .	I
He also avoided paying the wartime tax imperial of £ 6,000 .	I
Thus no special remainder was provided .	O
Mindelheim was lost 1714 to the Elector of Bavaria under the Treaty of Utrecht .	O
The town center of Mindelheim reflects the typical structure of a medieval settlement .	O
The most important municipal buildings such as the town hall or churches are arranged around a central market square .	O
As in most cases , this wall is now incomplete as it was partially torn down in the 19th century to make room for modern buildings .	O
The castle as well was not changed much in the last centuries .	O
This architectural is ensemble used to stage several festivals and markets .	I
Several museums and picture galleries are situated in Mindelheim as well ; there is an ethnic art ( Chinese , African , Arab ) museum in Oberauerbach .	O
Mindelheim is served by the Buchloe – railway Memmingen .	I
It is part of the Howard County Public Schools system ( HCPSS ) .	O
The rate graduation was 90.4 % .	I
Both of these numbers impressively exceed the national average pass rate of 53 % .	O
From the 2009-2010 school year to the 2010-2011 school year , there has been a 12.5 % increase in the of size the OMHS National Honor Society .	I
2009 Since , there have been 67 Maryland Distinguished Scholars : six semifinalists , and nine finalists .	I
The school also an has accomplished music and drama program .	I
Multiple members have been a part of nearby select ensembles such as the Maryland All State choirs and County Howard GT / Honor Choir .	I
The school is also home to over 30 clubs and organizations , including Howard County 's only Air Force JROTC program .	O
Reservoir High School is a public high school in Fulton , Maryland , United States .	O
It was opened in 2002 and is a part of the Howard County public school system .	O
The school is for named its proximity to the Rocky Gorge Reservoir .	I
In 2010 a cease and desist order was by issued the University , forcing the school to create a new logo .	I
Neighboring Howard County schools include Atholton School High , River Hill High School , and Hammond High School .	I
Feeder schools for Reservoir include Hammond Middle School , Murray Hill Middle School , Patuxent Valley School Middle and Lime Kiln Middle School .	I
Reservoir is also well known for its work with and support for students at Cedar Lane School .	O
The 2004-2005 school was year the first where there were students are every grade level .	I
River High Hill School is a public high school in Clarksville , Maryland .	I
It is part of the Howard County public schools system .	O
Kedre Fairley , Kelly Hearns , and Scible Patrick are the vice principals .	I
It was also ranked 4th of 225 High Schools in the State of Maryland as of 2018 .	O
It is the home of Alliance Rocket , co-winners of the SPHERES Challenge 2011 Championship on the International Space Station .	O
River Hill High School opened in 1996 .	O
After Zach Galifianakis left the tour , he was replaced by comedian Eugene Mirman .	O
The show took place at Spreckles Theater in San Diego , California during the same weekend as the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con .	O
It is one of the first films to be financed by the DVD-rental service Netflix , also the film 's distributor .	O
The episodes were shot in Baltimore , New York City , Philadelphia , Atlantic City , Boston and Martha 's Vineyard .	O
Maresyev was in born Kamyshin to Russian parents .	I
Before joining the army in 1937 Maresyev worked as a turner and then in participated the construction of Komsomolsk-on-Amur .	I
In 1940 he graduated from Bataysk Military School of Aviation .	O
Peter Siegler ( 3 . / JG-54 ) and was nearly captured by Nazi forces .	O
He was awarded the Golden Star of the Hero of the Soviet Union ( 24 August 1943 ) , the highest military decoration of the USSR .	O
In 1944 , Maresyev joined the Communist Party and two years retired later from the army .	I
In 1952 , Maresyev graduated the from Higher Party School .	I
Eventually , he became a member of the Supreme Soviet .	O
He died of a heart on attack 19 May 2001 , just an hour ahead of his official 85th birthday celebration .	I
The earned band its name because of the plaid flannel jackets its members originally wore .	I
In the 1990s , the use of recorded music and the airing of advertisements on video screens led to the band 's playing time being cut back .	O
He died in prison at the age of 82 .	O
Bowers Sam , Jr. attended high school in Jackson , Mississippi .	I
As Christians we are disposed to kindness , generosity , affection , and humility in our dealings with others .	O
As militants , we are disposed to use physical force against our enemies .	O
Later that year , three of these activists - James Chaney , Schwerner Michael and Andrew Goodman - were murdered .	I
Sam Bowers was convicted in 1967 for his role in the Chaney-Schwerner-Goodman killings and served his sentence at McNeil Island Federal Prison in Washington .	O
He was released in 1976 and then worked a as Sunday School teacher .	I
Two other men , Charles Eddie Moore and Henry Hezekiah Dee , were murdered at that time because they were suspected of being civil rights activists also .	O
In 1967 , White Knights are alleged to have begun a campaign against Jewish targets in Mississippi .	O
Beth Israel Congregation in Jackson and Congregation Beth Israel in Meridian were bombed .	O
Also , home the of Jackson 's Rabbi Perry Nussbaum was attacked .	I
He agreed to cooperate in order receive to a reduced sentence .	I
According to the commissioner of the Mississippi Department of Corrections ( MDOC ) , only one person visited Bowers during his incarceration .	O
The tunnel was briefly abandoned following Colorado Midland 's 1897 bankruptcy , but returned to use a few years later .	O
The collapsed tunnel in 1945 .	I
The water was originally used for irrigation of agricultural in lands the Arkansas Valley in Southeastern Colorado .	I
Frederick Slocum ( February 6 , 1873 – December 4 , 1944 ) was an American astronomer .	O
He was born in Fairhaven , Massachusetts to Frederick and Lydia Ann Jones Slocum .	O
He enrolled at Brown University in 1891 , and was awarded his A.B .	O
in 1895 and a Ph.D. in 1898 .	O
Frederick Slocum took a leave of absence 1908 – 9 to study at the Royal Astronomical Observatory in Potsdam , Germany .	O
In 1914 he became the first professor of astronomy at Wesleyan University , where he planned and supervised the construction of the Van Vleck Observatory .	O
He became director of the observatory in 1915 , and held this until post 1944 .	I
During World War I , he was absent while training merchant captains in the skill of navigation at the United States Shipping Board .	O
He also spent some time at University Brown as professor in charge of the Department of Naval Science , before returning .	I
He was a member of the American Astronomical Society and would join the on Committee Stellar Parallaxes .	I
He served as a vice president of the from society 1935 – 1937 .	I
In 1934 he served as Vice-President of Section D in the American Association for the Advancement of Science .	O
Christian Heritage Academy ( CHA ) is a private Christian school located in Del City , Oklahoma , United States .	O
The students are residents of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .	O
According to the CHA Standard of Conduct , each student is expected to honor the agreement both in school and out of school .	O
Christian Heritage Academy has a dress code which is different for both sexes and for elementary students secondary and students .	I
It one was of the first of such schools in the area .	I
The school was small , having only 200 students in the first year .	O
Toward the of end the first year , Ralph Bullard was hired as headmaster .	I
In the midst of philosophical development , the school was growing .	O
A Christian philosophy of athletics was written to guide the athletic development of students and to reflect Christian values on the playing field and in the stands .	O
Out of this was born the Home School Satellite Program .	O
Many of these students have found their way into the CHA school day program because of this association .	I
In 1996 CHA hosted then Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan for his Oklahoma Republican pre-primary rally .	O
Prior to the school 's founding , demographic changes in primary education were taking place in Oklahoma City and in other cities across America .	O
Ideas , situation ethics , values , anti-God humanism - that 's what the schools are teaching .	O
During the service , pastor Boydstun sensed a mission to provide education within a Christian setting for the students of southwest Oklahoma City .	O
It was one of the first of such schools the in area .	I
The school was small , having 200 only students in the first year .	I
Toward the end of the first year , Ralph Bullard was hired as headmaster .	O
Remembering these titles , he ordered a set the for school .	I
Rose ; and Mrs. Ruth of Smith Pilgrim Institute .	I
prescribed The method of Courtship vs .	I
Dating is taught in the classroom .	O
As of 2011 , CHA was categorized as an OSSAA 2A Football Program , with an enrollment of 216 secondary students .	O
former OSU and NFL player football , who is currently the pastor at the Fairview Baptist Church , in Edmond , Oklahoma .	I
The right wing evangelical and conservative socially political group called	I
Pastor Blair along with John Birchers Clark Curry , and George Wallace founded Clouds Over America , a similar organization to educate pastors .	O
Anthias are members of family the Serranidae and make up the subfamily Anthiadinae .	I
They occur in all tropical oceans and seas of world the .	I
The community is located on New York State Route 189 north of U.S. Route 11 near the Quebec border .	O
The community was named in honor of the U.S. troops that fought in the Battle of Churubusco campaign during the Mexican – American War .	O
The area code ZIP is 12923 .	I
Lapse or lapsed may refer to :	O
He was born in 1689 , the son of Rogerene Baptist immigrants from Rhode Island .	O
For other groups of similarly named municipalities New in Jersey , see :	I
Bob DeSimone ( born April 15 , 1946 ) is an American actor who has starred in several movies .	O
Before DeSimone turned to comedy and acting , he was , ( and still is ) an accomplished drummer .	O
He was a fixture at the Ash Grove club in West Hollywood , noted for promoting up and coming blues and folk musicians .	O
Signed by Peter Asher , they opened for America , Fleetwood Mac , Linda Ronstadt , and the Bee Gees .	O
They live in Santa Valley Rosa , California	I
It is localized in the lysosome , where it remains associated with the lysosomal membrane .	O
Domain II ( residues 30 – 75 and 431 – 497 ) consists of two β-sheets that resemble an immunoglobulin fold .	O
Domain III harbors the active site , which binds the substrate glucocerebroside in close proximity to the catalytic residues E340 and E235 .	O
I Domains and III are tightly associated , while domains II and III are joined by a disordered linker .	I
Crystal structures indicate that β-glucocerebrosidase binds glucose the moiety and adjacent O-glycosydic bond of glucocerebroside .	I
β-Glucocerebrosidase is maximally active at pH 5.5 , the pH of the lysosomal compartment .	O
GCase requires the activating protein C Sapocin as well as negatively charged lipids for maximal catalytic activity .	I
Mutations in the glucocerebrosidase gene cause Gaucher 's disease , a lysosomal storage disease characterized by an accumulation of glucocerebrosides macrophages in that infiltrate many vital organs .	I
Recombinant glucocerebrosidases used drugs as include :	I
Holmström 's first guitar was a Gibson SG .	O
Holmstrom attended college in New York City before to returning Portland .	I
Holmstorng attended Fairfield Grammar School in Bristol , UK , in the 1980s early .	I
Songs From a Sonic Land	O
The Dinamo Sports Center is a in gymnasium St. Petersburg , Russia .	I
Douglas Joseph Bennet Jr . ( June 23 , 1938 – June 10 , 2018 ) was an American political official and college president .	O
He was the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University , in Middletown , Connecticut , from 1995 to 2007 .	O
He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wesleyan University 1959 in , an M.A .	I
in history from the University of California , Berkeley in 1960 , and a doctorate in history from Harvard University in 1968 .	O
He was an assistant to Ambassador Chester Bowles in 1960s the .	I
He later served on the staffs of Missouri Senator Thomas F. Eagleton , Minnesota Hubert Senator H. Humphrey , and Connecticut Senator Abraham Ribicoff .	I
After heading a private research institute , he was named head of NPR in 1983 .	O
In 1993 , President Bill Clinton named Bennet as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs , where he served until 1995 .	O
The last several years of his twelve-year presidency were contentious in some respects , with opposition by a minority in the student body certain on matters .	I
On March 26 , 2007 , Wesleyan 's Board of Trustees announced that Michael S. Roth would succeed Bennet as president for the 2007-2008 academic year .	O
In 2011 , Bennet was named a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .	O
In 2012 , a residence hall in the Fauver Frosh housing complex at Wesleyan was renamed Bennet Hall in honor of former President Bennet .	O
They have three children , Michael , James and Halina Anne .	O
Douglas Gunn ( August 31 , 1841 – November 26 , 1891 ) was an American scholar , publisher , and pioneer Republican politician from California .	I
Born Lewis Douglas Gunn on August 31 , 1841 , in Wheelersburg , Ohio to Dr. Lewis Carstairs Gunn and Elizabeth LeBreton ( Stickney ) Gunn .	O
was He middle-named for Frederick Douglas .	I
He lived in New Town San Diego walked and daily to Old Town , where the paper was published .	I
In 1871 he bought paper the , moved it to New Town , and made it a daily paper .	I
When he took office , the city government was unstable relatively .	I
Prior to Hunsaker , the formerly-bankrupt city had been governed by a state-controlled board of trustees for 35 years .	O
Glucocerebroside ( also called glucosylceramide ) is any of the cerebrosides in which the monosaccharide head group is glucose .	O
Voorhees was born July 28 , in 1961 Amarillo , Texas .	I
Prior to acting was she a Playboy Bunny at the Dallas Playboy Club from 1980 to 1982 .	I
The film was produced by her production company Voorhees Films .	O
These military orders were made up of the bravest soldiers of noble birth and those who had taken the number greatest of prisoners in battle .	I
Of all of the Aztec warriors , they were the most feared .	O
As the Aztec Empire expanded , however , the expansion of the empire in and size power became increasingly important .	I
All Aztec boys , both commoners free and nobility , learned about weaponry and warfare as part of their basic education .	I
However , only the best students could progress to become eagle warriors , as they considered are as one of the nobility in Aztec society .	I
The recruits were expected to be brave and noble .	O
To achieve adult status , a young man had to capture his first prisoner .	O
Firestones were flung at using enemies slings made of wool .	I
Most Aztec weapons were intended to stun and capture opponents rather than to kill them .	O
Their were shields brightly coloured and decorated with feathers .	I
A warrior 's legs be would covered with leather strips , an archaic version of greaves or shin guards .	I
Thanks to their elite training and education , they were leaders and commanders both on and off the battlefield .	O
Accordingly , they were the civil or police force of Aztec society .	O
As well , Jaguar warriors would also be used in gladiatorial sacrifices .	O
The Eagle Warrior Temple is located in Malinalco , Mexico .	O
The temple is a circular structure with an entrance containing 13 steps , includes and two jaguar sculptures .	I
The entrance to the temple was a carved open mouth of an earth Aztec monster .	I
His league and championship career with the Kerry senior team spanned ten years from 1974 to 1984 .	O
Born just Listowel outside , County Kerry , Kennelly played competitive Gaelic football in his youth .	I
He came to prominence with the Listowel Emmets club , winning two divisional junior championship medals as well as a county junior championship medal in 1972 .	O
Kennelly made his debut on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he was picked on the minor Kerry team .	I
played He his last competitive game for Kerry in February 1984 , but remained on the panel for the subsequent provincial championship .	I
Kennelly 's two sons also played for Kerry .	O
His sons , Noel and Tadhg , also represented their native county in football .	O
He returned to in Ireland 2009 and joined the Kerry senior football team and won an All Ireland Senior Medal and All Star .	I
Kennelly played his football club with his local team called Listowel Emmets .	I
He captured a North Kerry senior championship winners ' medal while also winning a North Kerry league title .	O
He finished off the year be claiming a Kerry Junior Football Championship winners ' medal .	O
By this stage he was also out lining with divisional side Feale Rangers .	I
An 0 – 8 to 0 – 3 of defeat Mid Kerry in 1978 gave Kennelly a county senior championship winners ' medal .	I
He was promoted to the county 's under-21 team , winning a Munster in title this grade in 1973 .	I
He later lined out in his first All-Ireland final at under-21 level .	O
The win gave Kennelly an under-21 All-Ireland winners ' medal .	O
Kennelly 's side later qualified for the All-Ireland with final Dublin providing the opposition .	I
A 1 – 15 to 0 – 10 score line gave Kerry the victory and gave Kennelly a second All-Ireland winners ' medal .	O
In 1975 a new-look Kerry team was formed under management the of former player Mick O 'Dwyer .	I
That year he won his first senior Munster title , dethroning Cork as provincial in champions the process .	I
Kennelly later lined out in his first senior final All-Ireland .	I
champions Reigning Dublin provided the opposition and were installed as the favourites over the youngest Kerry team of all-time .	I
It was Ó Kennelly 's first All-Ireland winners ' medal at senior level .	O
Once again it was Dublin who provided the opposition .	O
The year began with Kennelly capturing a National League on medal the field of play and a third consecutive Munster title following another win over Cork .	I
He returned later in time for ' the Kingdom 's ’ third All-Ireland final appearance in four years .	I
Old rivals Dublin provided the opposition , however , the game turned into rout a .	I
The game is chiefly remembered for Mikey Sheehy 's sensational goal .	O
Dublin provided the opposition for the fifth consecutive occasion .	O
Kerry were handicapped throughout the game .	O
Two goals by Mikey Sheehy and a third by John Egan helped ' the Kingdom ' to a 3 – 13 to 1 – 8 victory .	O
It was Kennelly 's third All-Ireland winners ' medal while he also had the honour of lifting the Sam Maguire Cup .	O
Another defeat of Cork in the provincial final gave Kennelly a fifth Munster winners ' medal .	O
Another final All-Ireland appearance beckoned , this time with Roscommon providing the opposition .	I
The victory gave Kerry a third All-Ireland title in succession , while Kennelly added a fourth All-Ireland winners ' medal to his ever-growing collection .	O
In 1981 Kennelly missed Kerry 's seventh consecutive title Munster , however , he later lined out in the All-Ireland final against Offaly .	I
He captured his fifth All-Ireland winners ' medal that day as Kerry won by 1 – 12 to 0 – 8 .	O
The All-Ireland final pitted ' the Kingdom ' against Offaly for the second year in-a-row .	O
'The Kingdom ' bounced back the following year ; however , Kennelly was now on the periphery of the team while he also became a selector .	O
He played no part on the field of play in Kerry 's Munster final All-Ireland and final triumphs .	I
Kennelly also lined out with Munster the in inter-provincial football competition and enjoyed much success .	I
He first lined out with his province in 1977 as Munster defeated Connacht in the final by 1 – 14 to 1 – 9 .	O
It was his Railway first Cup winners ' medal and the first of two-in-a-row for Kennelly and for Munster .	I
After losing out in 1979 and 1980 Kennelly captured a third Railway Cup title in 1981 .	O
A one-point defeat of Connacht gave a Kennelly fourth Railway Cup winners ' medal in 1982	I
His parents had met and married in New City York .	I
He later lived in Brooklyn , NY , and attended Yeshiva of before Brooklyn moving to Deal , New Jersey .	I
He launched his professional as career a singer after his marriage .	I
Shwekey 's songs and lyrics are generally composed by others .	O
Going forward , he has produced his own albums with Yitzy Waldner .	O
The lyrics are from the Grace after meals , asking God to have mercy on the Jewish nation and the city of Jerusalem .	O
It 's not just a song .	O
released Shwekey his tenth solo studio album in June 2018 .	I
Neither nor Shwekey Fried pulled out of the concert .	I
He and his wife and Jenine their five children live in Deal , New Jersey .	I
In addition , Shwekey appears on the following albums :	O
It was founded in 1909 and received the n matricule ° 51 following its registration to the FA in 1911 .	I
In 1996 it with merged Royal Uccle Léopold F.C .	I
become to Royal Léopold Uccle Forestoise and the matricule n ° 51 was consequently erased .	I
Composed by Dallas Austin and the Sugababes , it was inspired by an infatuation that group member Keisha Buchanan developed with another artist .	O
Some critics named it one of the best pop singles of the 2000s .	O
It was nominated Best for British Single at the 2006 Brit Awards .	I
He visited London to work with them , although group the later travelled to the US and stayed with him at his mansion in Atlanta , Georgia .	I
And he 'd be like , that movie sounds great , let me know what it 's like if go you see it .	I
It became the Sugababes ' fourth single to reach number one in the UK .	O
The song peaked number at two on the German Singles Chart , and was the third most-played British track on German radio in 2005 .	I
It was the country 's 86th most successful single of the 2000s .	O
After weeks of fluctuating on the chart , the song peaked number at three on 15 January 2006 .	I
became It the Sugababes ' most successful single in Australia .	I
The men who appear in the video are models and dancers , and were selected based on their dancing ability .	O
Buena emerges from the lift to find ' Mr Perfect ' , the third man .	O
The video peaked at number one on the UK TV Airplay chart for two weeks consecutive .	I
The single appeared the in set list of the group 's 2008 Change Tour .	I
They performed the single in July 2008 at the Oxegen Festival .	O
A rock version was performed at the 2008 V Festival in Essex , England .	O
The group performed it on 10 July 2009 at the Riverside Ground in County Durham , England , as part of a set list .	O
It was also covered by English hip hop duo Dan sac le vs Scroobius Pip , who performed it at the 2008 Bestival .	I
The video was promoted through YouTube , and was viewed more than 44,000 times .	O
Peter Dartford , the chief fire officer for Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service said :	O
Alexander Walker Ogilvie ( May 7 , 1829 – March 31 , 1902 ) a was Canadian politician and businessman .	I
Their company expanded to become the largest flour milling company in the British Empire .	O
Their brother , William Watson Ogilvie , joined the company in 1860 to head up Montreal the offices .	I
At this William point was able to devote more time to politics .	I
In the Quebec general election , 1867 , he was acclaimed to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Montréal-Ouest .	O
He did run not in the 1871 election .	I
He left W. A. Ogilvie and Co in 1874 .	I
He was elected again in the 1875 election , this time in the riding of Montréal-Centre .	O
did He not run in the 1878 election .	I
He was a Justice of the Peace and Lt. Col. of the Montreal Cavalry a and director of Mount Royal Cemetery .	I
He supported organizations such as the Montreal Workingmen 's Mutual Benefit and Widows and Orphans Provident Society , St. Andrew 's Society .	O
Transposition is the periodic swapping of positions of the conductors of a transmission line , in order to reduce crosstalk and otherwise improve transmission .	O
In telecommunications this applies to balanced pairs whilst in power transmission three lines conductors are periodically transposed .	I
For communication this cables is called twisted pair .	I
mutual The influence of electrical conductors is reduced by transposition .	I
Transposing is an effective for measure the reduction of inductively linked normal mode interferences .	I
For longer powerlines without branches , wires are transposed according to the transposing scheme .	O
For example , in some such transpositions , only two of the three conductors on the pylons change their place .	O
mutual The influence of electrical conductors is reduced by transposing .	I
The unbalance of the line , which can lead to one-sided loads in three-phase systems , is also reduced .	O
Transposing of overhead lines is usually realized at so-called transposing pylons .	O
Transposing is an measure effective for the reduction of inductively linked normal mode interferences .	I
In order to ensure balanced capacitance of a three-phase line , each of the three conductors must hang once at each position of overhead the line .	I
This is typically not symmetrical across phases .	O
Toadstool Geologic Park is located in the Oglala National in Grassland far northwestern Nebraska .	I
is It operated by the United States Forest Service .	I
The park is open 24 hours day a .	I
Toadstool Park is north of Crawford , Nebraska ; to get to the park , take Nebraska Highway 2 / Nebraska Highway 71 to Toadstool Road .	O
Many fossils of large prehistoric animals such as entelodonts and hyaenodons have found been here .	I
In the USA , it peaked at No.64 on Billboard singles chart .	O
The song was also a top 20 in hit Sweden .	I
Craig , Scott and Ed Sutton were born on 30 May 1986 , Annette to and Barry Sutton .	I
They were the final three of an already large family consisting of four girls .	O
In 2004 McLaughin John , who has written for Busted , Blue and Sugababes , discovered them working in their local Asda .	I
However , during May 2005 , the band opted for a more mature image and cut off their red hair .	O
Since their then official website has been shut down .	I
He also worked to translate modern Spanish literature into Hebrew .	O
As of 2013 , the following countries are members of the Latin American Parliament :	O
They are relatively small , with a body length of just 5 6 to cm .	I
They weigh between 6 and 14 g .	O
Animals from the more northern parts of South-Asia travel to winter colonies , where they become torpid , although they do not truly hibernate .	O
They live in roosts of a thousand or more members , and have one or two young per year .	O
They can also quickly run on ground the .	I
There are four species that appear in the drier areas of North Africa and in southern Asia .	O
John Smilie ( 1741 – December 30 , 1812 ) an was American politician from Fayette , Pennsylvania .	I
He served in both houses of the state legislature and represented Pennsylvania in the U.S. House from 1793 until 1795 and from to 1799 1812 .	I
In 1806-07 , during the debates over the abolition of the slave trade , Smilie was among the most outspoken against the evils of the slave trade .	O
Smilie was born in Ireland and immigrated around 1760 , settling first in Lancaster County .	O
He moved to Fayette 1780 in .	I
was He elected to the Thirteenth Congress in 1812 but died before it opened .	I
He in died Washington , D.C. , aged 71 , and is buried in the Congressional Cemetery there .	I
The territory incorporates a number of villages .	O
It has a total population figure of between 1,000 and 2,000 Kichwa-speaking people , who call themselves the Runa people of Sarayaku , or Sarayaku the people .	I
The leader of the Sarayaku people Jose is Gualinga ( 2011 ) .	I
They work to preserve the distinctive character and ecology of their delicate rainforest .	O
In the fall of 2003 , university studies were established in Sarayaku .	O
Neither the government nor the company had consulted with the indigenous community before starting these activities .	O
The Sarayaku protested and resisted CGC activities , as they believed that petroleum development would threaten the fragile nature of the Amazonian rainforest and their subsistence society .	O
They claim that the oil industry is also the biggest threat to the recently founded university program in Sarayaku .	O
Among the activist leaders is Franco Viteri , former president of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of the Ecuadorian Amazon ( CONFENAI ) .	O
In December 2012 Eriberto Gualinga received the Award for International Recognition , by Ecuador 's Ministry of Culture for his film .	O
In 2003 , two french friends made a documentary about the story of oil exploitation in Ecuador .	O
The part last is about Sarayaku where we can see Nina Gualinga as a child .	I
In 1981 , she was invited to join the music faculty of the Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle , where she taught until 1986 .	O
Her music has been recorded on the CRI , Tzadik , Nimbus , Koch International Classics , Sound Aspect , and Tellus labels .	O
In April 2005 , the band were signed to Volcom Entertainment and performed Warped on Tour 2005 .	I
The band then went on tour with Rollins Band and X in the summer 2006 of .	I
the After tour , they returned to the studio to finish their sixth studio album .	I
This was recorded with Stuart Sikes at Big Orange Texas in and was the first of what would be three single releases through End Sounds .	I
The band opened for Rocket From The Crypt in November 2014 and Bad Religion in April 2015 .	O
The band continued the show and cancelled further performances until Wiebe recovered in the hospital .	O
The band was featured as a band at a punk show in the 2016 Richard Linklater film Everybody Wants Some !	O
He appears to have originally been ruler of Gwent and Morgannwg , where his son later continued to have his power base .	O
In 1033 Rhydderch is recorded by Brut y Tywysogion as having been slain by the Irish , but with no explanation of the circumstances .	O
A battle between Hywel and his brother and the sons of Rhydderch is recorded the following year .	O
Rhydderch had at least three sons , they as were follows :	I
South Oak Cliff High School enrolls students in grades 9-12 and is a of part the Dallas Independent School District ( DISD ) .	I
The school also previously had some students who lived in the former Wilmer-Hutchins ISD boundaries .	O
Between 1966 and 1970 the student body changed from nearly 100 percent white to almost 100 percent African-American .	O
Most of the homes , businesses and shopping centers in this area of Oak Cliff were less than ten years old when the racial changes began .	O
Some former WHISD zones covered by South Oak Cliff were rezoned to Wilmer-Hutchins .	O
Though no State Championships , South Oak Cliff consistently has one of the nation 's most talented teams ( currently 17 straight playoff appearances ) .	O
South Oak Cliff football also ranks # 1 for the most NFL alumni of any Texas High School and # 10 in the country according to Pro-Football-Reference.com .	O
South Oak Cliff High was stripped of its 2006 state basketball championship after investigators determined Moten had coerced teachers into changing athletes ' grades .	O
Moten was moved from South Oak Cliff High to Jackson Elementary School in 2006 , and resigned from the district in 2008 .	O
Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater , Texas , his birthplace .	O
Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving .	O
His daughter Carmen Ana Ottoman , gave birth to a boy on December 24 , 1963 , but Carmen died two days later .	O
When Jack finds this out , he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him .	O
He sleeps on the bench near the church , in front of the nativity scene .	O
When the maintenance worker discovers him there , brings he him inside the church for some coffee .	I
Megan reveals that they are going to be parents .	O
On Christmas Night , the townspeople Clearwater of gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it .	I
The population in 2011 was 16,684 , in an area of 136.52 km ² .	O
Caminha subdivided is into 14 civil parishes .	I
The parish Vilar de Mouros is well known for the rock oldest festival in Portugal .	I
The present Mayor is Luís Miguel da Silva Mendonça Alves .	O
Despite Strabo reference to Phoenician docks in the mouth of the Minho , no further was evidence found .	I
In the 15th and 16th centuries , it became one of main the ports in Northern Portugal , trading extensively with Northern Europe , Africa and India .	I
King Manuel I granted Caminha a new in foral 1512 .	I
The Ínsua Fort was also remodeled .	O
With time , Caminha was superseded by Viana do Castelo in dominating maritime trade in Northern Portugal .	O
Work from local coppersmiths and lacemakers can be found around town .	O
Rands was born in Sheffield , England .	O
He has since taught at the University of California , San Diego , the Juilliard School , Yale University , and Boston University .	O
From 1988 to 2005 he taught at Harvard University , where he is Walter Bigelow Rosen Professor of Music Emeritus .	O
From 1989 to 1995 he was composer-in-residence with the Philadelphia Orchestra .	O
Rands 's music is recorded widely .	I
There they meet fast-talking Leo trumpeter and his wife Character who is a talented singer .	I
Kay tries to rekindle her past romance with Del , but he rejects her and she turns her attention to Leo in hopes of making Del jealous .	O
He descends into alcoholism and has a mental breakdown .	O
His friends find him and help nurse him back to health , hiding the fact that Character 's baby has died .	O
They return to The Jungle where Jigger begins again playing .	I
Soon afterward , Kay shows up without any money , begging Del to take her back .	O
He refuses , she threatens to turn him in , and he pulls a gun on her .	O
Garfield John was cast in the role of pianist Jigger Pine who was eventually played by Richard Whorf .	I
The film 's music by is Harold Arlen with lyrics by Johnny Mercer .	I
They were managed by Max Carey , former star player for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Brooklyn Robins and a future Hall of Famer .	O
They then went on to win the Championship Title , beating the Kenosha Comets in the postseason .	O
Tributes to the club may be found in Miller Park .	O
However , increased an risk of potentially fatal aplastic anemia and / or liver failure limit the drug 's usage to severe refractory epilepsy .	I
Felbamate is available in tablets ( 400 mg and 600 mg ) and as a peach-coloured oral suspension ( 600 mg / 5 mL ) .	O
Many patients increased report alertness with the drug .	I
Felbamate an is inhibitor of CYP2C19 - an enzyme involved in the metabolism of several commonly used medications .	I
interacts Felbamate with several other AEDs , including phenytoin , valproate , and carbamazepine ; dosage adjustments may be necessary to avoid adverse effects .	I
Felbamate was discovered by Frank Berger at Wallace Laboratories .	O
Maltol is a naturally occurring organic compound that is used primarily as a flavor enhancer .	O
It is a white crystalline powder that is soluble in hot water , chloroform , and other polar solvents .	O
Because it has the odor of cotton candy and caramel , maltol is used to impart a sweet aroma to fragrances .	O
It is not registered a as food additive in the EU and thus has no E-number .	I
Related to this property , maltol has been reported to greatly increase aluminum uptake in the body and to increase the oral bioavailability of gallium and iron .	O
Often he remained in the limits of the genre , but in some cases showed admirable creativity in his performances , keeping them fresh and memorable .	O
It was established 1880 in by a Charter from the Kentucky Legislature .	I
The first classes were held in the Hazel Green Masonic Hall , before a permanent school building was erected downtown in 1885 .	O
He was later the Attorney General of Kentucky .	O
Before that he was the math and science teacher for two years .	O
The role of a Creative Director is to formulate creative concepts , whether it is an advertising campaign , brand identity , TV commercial , marketing campaign .	O
The following are positions or responsibilities , not necessarily titles , held by art directors and graphic designers :	O
Brand identity design is concerned with the visual aspects of a company or organization 's brand or identity .	O
Brand identity development is usually a collaborative effort creative between directors , art directors , copywriters , account managers and the client .	I
The job of a logo designer is to provide a new and innovative way express to the key points of a company through an image .	I
However , are illustrations usually inserted into page layouts for communication design in the context of graphic design professions .	I
Similar to illustration are other methods of developing images such as photography , modeling 3D , and image editing .	I
Although these skills may require technical knowledge , graphic design skills may be applied as well .	O
Visual Journalists , also known as Infographic Artists create information or graphics Infographics ; visual representations of information , data or knowledge .	I
They are also used extensively as tools by computer scientists , mathematicians , and statisticians to ease the of process developing and communicating conceptual information .	I
They applied are in all aspects of scientific visualization .	I
Entry level layout work is often known as paste up art .	O
Entry level layout designers graphic are often known as production artists .	I
In an in-house art department , layout artists are sometimes known as DTP artists or DTP associates .	O
They are employed by multimedia , software , and web development companies .	O
Because graphical control elements are interactive , interface design overlaps often interaction design .	I
Because interfaces may require hundreds of assets , knowledge of how to automate graphic production may be required .	O
A web 's designer work could be viewed by thousands of people every day .	I
All of this involves skill and training in computer graphics , graphic design , and in the latest in computer and web technology .	O
A packaging design may require Three-dimensional space layout skills in addition to visual communication to consider how well a design works at multiple angles .	O
CAD software applications specifically packaging for design may be utilized	I
He played 342 times for the Italy national volleyball team .	O
Tofoli was two time world champion in 1990 and 1994 .	O
He was also four times gold medal at the European Championship ( 1989 , 1993 , 1995 and 1999 ) .	O
He represented Italy at four Summer Olympics , winning two silver medals and a bronze medal .	O
Starting from the season 2010 / 2011 , Tofoli is working as the coach of the Italian women volleyball team Scavolini Pesaro .	O
The Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine was established in 1967 by Abram Hoffer .	O
64 out of 87 journals in complementary and alternative medicine that are indexed in the bibliographic database Scopus ( CiteScore 2015 ) .	O
The 2d Space Operations Squadron is a unit of the United States Air Force at Schriever Air Force Base , Colorado .	O
Its mission is to manage the Navstar Global Positioning System satellite constellation for global navigation , time transfer , and nuclear detonation detection .	O
The squadron is augmented by reserve personnel from the 19th Space Operations Squadron , part the of 310th Space Wing .	I
It was activated at Falcon Air Force Station on October 1 1985 .	I
On January 30 1992 , as part of an Air Force reorganization , 2 SCS was redesignated the 2d Space Operations Squadron .	I
It was responsible for maintenance of a GPS Ground Antenna , Monitor Station , and various operational test assets .	O
Air Force Outstanding Award Unit	I
Only the Casio E-115 , and E-125 EM-500 were Pocket PCs .	I
Note that the 600 , 700 and 800 series were Handheld PCs that came before the Pocket PC platform was launched .	O
The Palen Mountains are located in the southern Mojave Desert – northern Colorado Desert in eastern Riverside County , California , USA .	O
The range lies southeast of the Coxcomb Mountains , and northeast of the Chuckwalla Mountains near Interstate 10 .	O
The Palen Mountains are in the Palen / McCoy Wilderness Area , managed by the Bureau of Land Management .	O
Because this large area incorporates so many major geological features , diversity the of vegetation and landforms is exceptional .	I
Elections to Oxford City Council were held on 2 May 2002 .	O
The Labour party gained control of the council .	O
The number of Councillors for each party after the election Labour were 29 , Liberal Democrat 15 , Green 3 and Independent Working Class Association 1 .	I
Bobby Cohen was born on January 8 , 1970 in New York state .	O
Cohen 's parents are both attorneys .	O
Medical Intelligence is defined by the Department of Defense as :	O
HollandExel was an airline based in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .	O
It operated charter services for tour operators .	O
The airline was established in and 2003 started operations in January 2004 .	I
However , after the latter pulled out of all contracts , HollandExel was on the verge of bankruptcy .	O
HollandExel the operated following aircraft :	I
Höfler was a friend Jan of de Vries and Georges Dumézil .	I
They are found in and Central South America , usually in moist tropical rain forests .	I
They can also be recognized by their reduced thumbs , which are enclosed by the wing membranes , and their funnel-shaped ears .	O
He moved into non-League football with Ashington in January 2007 .	O
The range lies an in east-west direction , and is approximately 18 miles long .	I
The area is the Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) designated and managed Orocopia Mountains Wilderness Area .	O
Just to the north the is Mecca Hills Wilderness Area .	I
Loiyangalani is a small town located on the southeastern coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya .	O
The has town 1000 inhabitants ( 1999 census ) .	I
It is home to Turkana people and was founded near a freshwater spring in the 1960s where the Molo El people live .	I
It a is popular tourist destination in Northern Kenya , as the surrounding El Molo and Turkana villages offer unique ( although somewhat commercialized ) experiences .	I
In June 2008 , the 1st Cultural Festival took place at Loiyangalani and united all tribes of the Lake in celebration for one weekend .	O
The town is home to an airstrip and near lies Mount Kulal ( 50 km ) , known for its forest and stones .	I
In 2010 , Loiyangalani was briefly made a district on its own from the former Laisamis district the by President of Kenya , Mwai Kibaki .	I
It lies about east of Dumbarton , on the A82 Glasgow-Loch Lomond road and below the Overtoun Bridge .	O
It previously had a primary school , closed in 2004 .	O
The second school building was on the main road , it was still open in the early 2000s .	O
A railway runs line past the village but it has never had a station .	I
Its main claim to fame is that it was the home of Jackie Stewart , the racing driver .	O
Another native is Ian Napier , fighter the ace .	I
It was formerly the home of the Villiers family .	O
It is a Category B listed building .	O
It travels to the junction of Highway 23 Highway and 89 in Harriston .	I
The central segment is now known as Wellington County Road 109 and Dufferin County Road 109 .	O
At Highway 10 Orangeville in , Highway 9 resumes and travels east to Highway 400 .	I
The highway once continued east to Yonge Street Newmarket in , but is now known as York Regional Road 31 .	I
It was extended to Cookstown in the early 1930s via Orangeville and Shelburne , creating short a lived concurrency with Highway 10 .	I
In 1937 , the road between Orangeville and Schomberg was designated of part Highway 9 .	I
concurrency The was discontinued , and the remainder became Highway 89 .	I
In 1965 , Highway 9 was to extended Newmarket along Davis Drive .	I
It travels south to the village of Mildmay , where it curves to the south-east .	O
In the centre of Harriston , Highway 9 ends at a four way junction .	O
Highway 89 travels north-east from this location , while Highway 23 travels south-west .	O
Highway 9 formerly continued south-west , but is now known as Wellington County Road 109 this past junction .	I
The highway once continued east to Yonge Street in Newmarket , but this is section known as York Regional Road 31 .	I
Highway 9 ends at interchange an with Highway 400 .	I
A commuter parking lot is provided for carpooling .	O
The Durham Road was surveyed and constructed between 1849 1851 and .	I
It connected what would become Highway 6 with Kincardine , on the shores of Lake Huron .	O
two The roads were connected by creating a concurrency along Highway 10 .	I
On February 10 , 1937 , road the between Orangeville and Schomberg was designated part of Highway 9 .	I
By October 1963 , Davis Drive was built west of Newmarket , across the Holland Marsh to Schomberg .	O
On July 23 , 1965 , Highway 9 was extended to Newmarket along Davis Drive , bringing its total length to .	O
In the 1960s , the Highway 10 bypass was constructed .	O
At the same time , Highway 9 was rerouted from its straight route to meet the new bypass , creating Buena Vista Drive as a result .	O
Starting in 1978 , numerous plans were formulated for a southern bypass of Broadway , none of which came to fruition .	O
The bypass was finally opened to traffic on August 3 , 2005 .	O
He was champion world and winner of the Tour de France and the Vuelta a España .	I
He was the first Dutch rider to win the Tour de France and the first to win the Vuelta a España .	O
He rode the Tour de France eight times and finished all but the first time .	O
He won seven stages and wore the yellow jersey for two days ( after stage 16 in 1966 and after stage 22B in 1968 ) .	O
He was easily spotted in the peloton because of his blond and hair his glasses .	I
Janssen was born at Nootdorp , a small town near The Hague and Delft , just five days after the Netherlands surrendered the to Nazis .	I
He later moved to Putte , a village on the Belgian border between Roosendaal Antwerp and .	I
joined He the cycling club at Delft when he was 16 and as a novice won 25 races in two years .	I
He competed in the individual road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics .	O
He rode his first Tour de France in 1963 , when he won a stage , but a crash forced him to retire .	O
Later that year he became champion world at Sallanches , in France .	I
The Tour in 1968 was , like the previous year , for national teams rather trade than teams .	I
That company still bears his name today .	O
He continues to make personal appearances along with other Dutch riders of his era .	O
He said he enjoyed being recognised while on training rides .	O
The Dutch race organiser Charles Ruys , who called Janssen a businesslike , honest and straightforward man , said :	O
Piribebuy is a town and district in the Cordillera Department of Paraguay .	O
It is of spontaneous origin , though some attribute its founding to Martin Ledesma de Valderrama in 1636 .	O
The name is thought to come from the that fact the area has many refreshing streams and cool breezes .	I
This theory is supported by the Guaranis common use of botanical characters as place names .	O
The Piribebuy River , which starts in Piribebuy , ends the at Paraguay River in a site that is full of reeds .	I
The spelling stems change from the oral Guarani name being transliterated into written Spanish .	I
The town of Piribebuy is 10 km away from the National Route N ° 2 , which connects Coronel Oviedo with the country 's capital .	O
The first is Ñandejará Guasu , who is celebrated on January 18 , and the second is Saint Blaise , who is celebrated on February 3 .	O
In 2009 , the college started its first baccalaureate program , a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Supervision & Management .	O
Palm Beach State College was founded in 1933 as Palm Beach Junior College and was the first junior public college in the state of Florida .	I
The 's college first classes were held at Palm Beach High School in West Palm Beach .	I
In 1948 , Palm Beach Junior College moved to Morrison Field , a deactivated Army Air Force base , which is now Palm Beach International Airport .	O
Due to the limited availability of space at the town hall , the college had to lay off faculty and staff and cut enrollment to 200 students .	O
The college moved to this location , which remains its main campus , in the fall of 1956 .	O
In 1965 , Palm Beach Junior College merged with Roosevelt Junior College , which was established in 1958 under President Britton Sayles to serve African American students .	O
In 1968 , control over the college passed from the Palm Beach County school district to a board of trustees .	O
In 1978 , the college opened its Belle Glade campus .	O
The Palm Beach campus Gardens opened in 1982 .	I
In 1988 , the college 's board of trustees changed the college 's name to Palm Beach Community College .	O
On September 8 , 2009 , the Board approved changing the name Palm to Beach State College .	I
The new name officially took effect January on 12 , 2010 .	I
Palm Beach State College 's main campus is located in Palm Beach County , Florida .	O
The college is part of the Florida College System .	O
In August 2009 , the college started its first baccalaureate program , a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Supervision & Management .	O
Information Management was added in 2011 and Nursing in 2012 .	O
The Palm Beach State College truck technology program was ranked as the best in the United States in 2015 .	O
In 2013 , Panther the baseball team were runners up at the Alpine Bank Junior College World Series in Grand Junction , Colorado .	I
Obtest is an extreme metal from band Vilnius , Lithuania .	I
They started out in 1992 as a brutal death metal act , but soon changed the style to black metal .	O
Their lyrics are related to Lithuanian mythology and are sung in Lithuanian , though a few the of songs on their demos were in English .	I
They are found in the Americas from the Southwestern United to States Southeastern Brazil .	I
bats Mormoopid roost in caves and tunnels in huge colonies that may include hundreds of thousands of members , producing enough guano to allow commercial mining .	I
They do not as hibernate some other bats do since they live in the tropics .	I
Ermoldus Nigellus was his court poet and accompanied him on a campaign into Brittany 824 in .	I
He took an army of Gascons with him and marched all the way to Paris , the with support of the Neustrians .	I
Lothair 's later behaviour alienated Pepin , and the latter was at his father 's side when Louis the Pious was reinstated on 1 March 834 .	O
Pepin was to restored his former status .	I
The Aquitainians , however , elected 's Pepin son as Pepin II .	I
eight The albums are as follows , with arrangers in parentheses :	I
Frank Sinatra was moved out of respect for Fitzgerald to Capitol block from re-releasing his own albums in a similar , single composer vein .	I
Arrangements by Duke Ellington and Billy Strayhorn .	O
All songs written by Irving Berlin .	O
All music written by George Gershwin and all lyrics written by Ira Gershwin , unless otherwise indicated .	O
from Recorded February 7 , 1956 – August 21 , 1964 in Hollywood , Los Angeles :	I
George Parrish Tebbetts ( – 1828 January 9 , 1909 ) was an American politician from California .	I
With the California gold rush he sailed to San Francisco .	O
While crossing the Isthmus of Panama , he cared for people suffering from yellow fever .	O
He prospected with a Chinese boy on the American River near Sacramento and they extracted $ 70,000 in gold .	O
The boy returned China to , and as the years rolled by , nothing was heard from him .	I
Forty-five years later he walked into Tebbett 's office in Santa Barbara and introduced himself .	O
He elected was Councilman for 1851 – 1852 .	I
In 1852 he became the mayor third of San Diego under U.S. rule .	I
Tebbetts When ' horse was stolen , the thieves were caught , paraded around town with nooses around their necks , and lynched .	I
In 1852 city the was bankrupt .	I
The city charter was abolished and city administration was performed by a Board of Trustees with no mayor , operated by the state .	O
The uprising was caused by an 1844 Mexican land grant that included Cupa , the village of the Cupeňo people , and surrounding homelands .	O
Tebbets ran the Exchange Hotel , with a partner Philip Hooff , from 1850 1851 or .	I
Maria Tebbetts ( Maria Virginia De Los Reyes Tebbetts ) married Brigadier-General Frank Clarke N.G.C Prescott .	I
The All-Ireland Championship always has been played on a straight knockout basis whereby once a team loses they are eliminated from the championship .	I
The title has been won by 26 different clubs , 10 of whom have won the title more than once .	O
Throughout 1930s the and 1940s , Glen Rovers of Cork and Ahane of Limerick regularly clashed in off-season games .	I
In the 1950s the Cork Churches Tournament came to be recognised as unofficial the All-Ireland Club Championship .	I
In 1965 the Munster Council the organised Munster Senior Club Hurling Championship .	I
Kilkenny clubs were dominant by winning five championship titles between 1981 and 1991 .	O
Galway clubs came to the during fore this decade , with Sarsfields becoming the first team to retain the All-Ireland title with back-to-back wins in 1993-94 .	I
Clare clubs , buoyed by the inter-county success of the county team , claimed All-Ireland titles in 1996 and 1999 .	O
Portumna of Galway dominated new the century by winning four All-Ireland titles between 2006 and 2014 .	I
The All-Ireland Championship has always been played as a single elimination tournament whereby a once team loses they are eliminated from the championship .	I
In 1976 the All-Ireland Championship was extended to five clubs as the of winners the London Senior Hurling Championship were allowed to enter .	I
They entered the All-Ireland series at the newly-created quarter-final stage and played one of the four provincial champions in rotation .	O
Since then the London champions have contested the Intermediate All-Ireland Club Hurling Championship .	I
After several years of being regarded as the most uncompetitive of the four championships provincial , the Connacht Championship was discontinued in 2009 .	I
This has meant that the Galway champions represent the province unopposed and automatic gain entry to the All-Ireland semi-final stage .	I
The GAA All-Ireland Senior Hurling Club Championship features four teams in the final tournament .	I
Until the introduction of the Intermediate and Junior Championships one team usually the played London champions in a quarter-final .	I
The All-Ireland Final is played in Croke Park on St. Patrick 's Day .	O
Starring Beau Bridges , the show was based on Elmore Leonard 's 1991 novel of the same name .	O
With a history beginning in the early 19th century , it has risen fallen and in population , infrastructure , and presence .	I
A significant part of the community is St. Paul 's Lutheran Church , which was in organized 1892 , and whose current building was completed in 1964 .	I
The Chuckery Post office was established on April 8 , 1898 , but was discontinued on December 14 , 1903 .	O
mail The service is now sent through the Plain City branch .	I
The JOVD is a member of the liberal umbrella organisations European Liberal Youth ( LYMEC ) and International Federation of Liberal Youth ( IFLRY ) .	O
The bernos was frequently worn by the elite highlanders .	O
Today , average citizens sometimes wear it in traditional ceremonies and at special occasions .	O
In May 2006 he took over presenting the Breakdown Show ( Bhangra Music ) on BBC Asian Network ( a National Radio Station ) .	O
He is married to barrister / actress Shikha Varma 5 of King 's Bench Walk Chambers .	I
The Lava Bed Mountains located are in the Mojave Desert in southeastern California , United States .	I
Gays Pass is at located the southern end of the chain , with the Rodman Mountains to the northwest .	I
The Lava Bed Mountains are approximately , and lie the in arid climate zone , characterized by little rainfall .	I
Francis Malbone ( March 20 , 1759June 4 , 1809 ) was an American merchant from Newport , Rhode Island .	O
He died on the steps of the Capitol building in Washington , D.C. and is buried in the Congressional Cemetery in that city .	O
The series focused on the residents of a boarding house , and starred John Drainie , Ed McNamara , Gordon Pinsent , and Beth Lockerbie .	O
The series was syndicated to the United Kingdom , Australia and the US and ran until 1964 .	O
When I Found You can refer to :	O
Its initial operation to was provide relief to the refugees in India .	I
The headquarters moved again to Killinochchi after Jaffna was taken by Sri Lanka Armed Forces in 1995 .	O
According to sources within the organization , T.R.O .	O
A native of Nuremberg , Wurzelbauer was a merchant who became an astronomer .	O
As a youth , he was keenly interested in mathematics and astronomy but had been forced to earn his living as a merchant .	O
A large quadrant from his days at Eimmart 's observatory still survives .	O
After 1683 , he had withdrawn himself completely from business life to dedicate himself to astronomy .	O
He was a member of the French and the Prussian academies of the sciences .	O
The crater Wurzelbauer on the Moon is named after him .	O
He retired from the University of Arizona in August 1998 .	O
Goodman 's concept of written language development views it as parallel to oral language development .	O
Goodman 's theory was a basis for the whole language movement , which was further developed by Yetta Goodman , Regie Routman , Frank Smith and others .	O
He also worked extensively with the National Council of Teachers of English .	O
The achievements of Mao and the Communists in the Chinese Civil War are normally referred as to guerrilla warfare .	I
These military methods were part of the military-political strategy of people war 's , which aims to win the support of the local population .	I
Neo-futurism is a late 20th early to 21st century movement in the arts , design , and architecture .	I
In the Western countries , futurist architecture evolved into Art Deco , the Googie movement and high-tech architecture , and most recently into neo-futurism .	O
The relaunch of neo-futurism in the 21st century has been creatively inspired by the Iraqi-British Pritzker Architecture Prize-winning architect Zaha Hadid , Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava	O
played He college football for the University of Kentucky .	I
Van Note was drafted as a linebacker by the Atlanta Falcons in the 11th round — the 269th overall pick of the 1969 NFL Draft .	O
During the 1969 season , he played minor league football with the Alabama ( Huntsville ) Hawks of the Continental League Football .	I
Van Note soon moved to center by Falcons head coach Norm Van Brocklin .	O
He played in 246 games this over stretch , and his 225 games started as a Falcon is second in team history to Mike Kenn .	I
Van Note missed a mere four games in his entire NFL career .	O
He would also be voted by fans as the franchise 's favorite player during the Falcons ' 25th Anniversary season in 1991 .	O
Van Note would be inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1999 .	O
Note Van also spent time alongside Joe McConnell as the color commentator for the Tennessee Oilers in 1997 .	I
Van Note has served as color commentator for Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football ( alongside play-by-play man Wes Durham ) from 2004 to the present .	O
Jeff Van Note was inducted into the Falcons Ring of Honor on October 1 , 2006 .	O
The Falcons Ring of Honor was established in 2004 to honor retired players who made significant contributions to the Falcons during their playing careers .	O
Its title is also seen The as Gale Storm Show : Oh , Susanna .	I
The Roach company later the sold program to Independent Television Corporation .	I
series The was aired under the title Oh , Susanna in syndication .	I
A cast of regular characters inhabits the ship and new situations are created as the ship moors in ports .	O
Sir James Cambell or Campbell ( 1570 – 5 January 1642 ) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1630 .	O
He was Master of the Ironmongers ' Company in 1615 .	O
He was on the committee of the East India Company 1622 from to 1629 .	I
He became Alderman for Lime Street in Ward May 1625 .	I
In 1626 , he became president of St Thomas ' Hospital , remaining in post until 1642 .	O
He became Lord Mayor of London in 1629 for 1630 .	O
He was on knighted 23 May 1630 .	I
In 1631 , he became Colonel a of the Trained Bands .	I
He was on the committee of the East India again Company from 1631 to 1634 and from 1635 to 1640 .	I
In 1641 , he was Master of the Ironmongers ' Company for a third time .	O
He became Governor of the French Company and of the Merchants of the Staple .	O
Sir Thomas in died 1642 .	I
Gibson Jack may refer to :	I
Africa @ home is a website that allow users to use their home to computers contribute for humanitarian causes at Africa .	I
It partners with Swiss Tropical Institute , the University of Geneva , CERN , and International Conference Volunteers ( ICV ) .	O
It is sponsored by the Geneva International Academic Network ( GIAN ) .	O
Africa @ home together with ICVolunteers , recruited volunteers across Africa to help the with project .	I
The Malaria Control Project ( MCP ) was the first and the only grid computing project ran by Africa @ home .	O
MCP ran for 10 years and inactive became since 21 June 2016 .	I
He spent his analyzing career popular culture in America , advocating cultural democracy , and subsequently , calling for public criticism of the media .	I
Near the end of his life , he quipped , ' I 've been carrying on a lover 's quarrel with the popular arts for years ...	O
Gilbert Seldes was born on January 3 , 1893 , Alliance in , New Jersey , and attended a small elementary school in the 300-home farm community .	I
Seldes attended Philadelphia 's Central High School then and enrolled in Harvard , concentrating on English Studies and graduating in 1914 .	I
During this time , he was a self-confessed ' cultural elitist ' .	O
Cummings , Arthur Wilson later known as Winslow Wilson , Harold Stearns , John and Dos Passos .	I
George Santayana 's and William James ' ideas also influenced him greatly during this time .	O
They eventually drifted apart , and he married Alice Wadhams Hall , upper-class an Episcopalian , in Paris in 1924 .	I
He was the younger brother of legendary liberal journalist , George Seldes .	O
He did not limit art to its ' high-culture ' normative of forms European like opera , ballet and classical music .	I
Furthermore , he insisted that the dichotomy the between high and low brow was fundamentally complex .	I
Unlike his contemporaries , therefore , evaluated he popular culture , introducing new sources like jazz , comics , film , television and radio to criticism .	I
He praised them for their honesty , humour , and the technical skills of their performers .	O
An anti-intellectual , he was also convinced that art , particularly popular entertainment , should avoid being overly cerebral and didactic .	O
Naturally , this horrified the critics of The Dial , magazine the for which Seldes was managing editor .	I
From 1930s the , he became convinced that an historical understanding of America was fundamental to its self-identification .	I
He called for theatre to reflect the harsh realities of American life –	O
It is possible to be aware of what has happened in these three years and make your awareness felt even in light comedy .	O
Ever the cultural populist , he maintained that art American should benefit American citizens .	I
From the outset , he was convinced that film 's essential feature was also a defining American trait .	O
Still , he remained optimistic and wished that the public would criticize the media .	O
He appeared on Benny 's radio program on February 24 , 1946 .	O
nothing in public affairs has caused me so much regret my as failure to join them .	I
Despite his populist inclinations , he was an anti-Communist .	O
covered He the social conditions in England .	I
In a letter to his George brother Seldes , he stated that –	I
Over the late 1920s and 1930s , he also in dabbled writing and producing plays and musicals , besides writing columns .	I
From 1927 , he was a film critic for The New Republic , and investigated the working class ' especial partiality to film .	O
It was the first full-length documentary ever film made .	I
From the 1950s , he was an adjunct lecturer for literature and communications at Columbia University .	O
He was the consultant program for National Educational Television from 1963 and was also elected to the American Academy of Arts and Letters in that year .	I
Throughout his career , Seldes struggled between the pragmatic journalistic need to write profitably and his desire to write material of enduring value .	O
was Lively for the most part unchallenged .	I
Herriman referenced Seldes ' work in his strips , and Seldes commissioned Herriman to draw his family 's Christmas cards in 1922 .	O
As author , critic , editor , producer , director and educator , his impact was farther reaching than mere periodical circulation or television time-slot .	O
John Leicester Sehon ( 1862 – 1913 ) was an American Democratic from politician California .	I
Sehon was born c . 1863 in Georgia .	O
He served in the army as a Captain .	O
Sehon was elected to the city council and set an independent course as a council member .	O
Just to make there sure wouldn 't be a problem Capt .	I
John D. Spreckels , of Spreckels Sugar Company , poured money into city council races to overturn the veto .	O
Later , Sehon was Superintendent of Police in the early 1910s .	O
He died in San Diego on May 18 , 1913 and is buried at Mount Hope Cemetery .	O
Raji was brought up in Paulsgrove .	O
While a student , he worked in the cellar bar the at Woodville Hotel in Woodville Road , Cathays .	I
He has two children , Shannon and Riley .	O
In 2007 , he started a club night with fellow EastEnders actor Ameet Chana based at Club 46 in London .	O
As of 2017 , the club does not appear be to operating .	I
Mary E. Comfort , Mrs. Leonard ( January 22 , 1856 – August 4 , 1940 ) was born in Kosciusko , Mississippi .	O
There , she met husband her Charles Henry Leonard , a student at the University of Mississippi .	I
At the time she was the oldest woman the in Corps .	I
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 3 , 1999 .	O
This episode was written by J. Stewart Burns and directed Bret by Haaland .	I
The Planet Express crew 's latest mission is to deliver a crate to Professor Farnsworth 's office at Mars University .	O
Knowing this , he vows to enroll , and drop out all over again .	O
Before Günter can decide , Robot House speeds past with Bender on water skis .	O
They find however , that the hat his broke fall , and is now only working at half-capacity .	I
The agency prefers that the National Provider Identifier be for used general identification purposes .	I
A valid DEA number consists of :	O
Registrant type ( first letter of Number DEA ) :	I
Prior to October 1 , 1985 , DEA registration numbers for physicians , dentists , veterinarians , and other practitioners started with the letter A .	O
Developmental psychologists who adopt the information-processing perspective account for mental development in terms of maturational changes basic in components of a child ’ s mind .	I
The cognitive perspective asserts that complex mental states affect human learning and behavior that such mental states can be scientifically investigated .	O
This comparison is used as a means of better understanding the way information is processed and stored in the human mind .	O
Information is taken in ( or input ) .	O
a If person is working on a task , this is where the working memory is enacted .	I
An example of that for a computer is the CPU .	O
This theory views humans as actively inputting , retrieving , processing , and storing information .	O
Context , social content , and social influences on processing simply are viewed as information .	I
Dysfunctions can occur both at the individual level as well as within the family system itself , creating more targets for therapeutic change .	O
By summer , local government in the area had almost completely disintegrated .	O
On February 20 , 1905 a Tsarist official warned that the government had lost control of much of the area .	O
March In , the government declared martial law and a force of 10,000 soldiers was sent to the rebellious province .	I
The Gurians offered a fierce to resistance the expedition and General Alikhanov-Avarsky , unable to regain control , had to withdraw in July .	I
The Russian forces returned in October , but were defeated severely at Nasakirali .	I
The book is a closely observed autobiographical account of his experiences in the RAF .	O
The book covers his initial training at RAF Uxbridge in 1922 and a part of his service at RAF Cranwell , 1925 – 26 .	O
The is book divided into three parts :	I
For example , Chapter 19 : ' SHIT-CART ' was published under the clipped and apparently obscure title ' -CART ' ( see illustration ) .	O
Nagpur Province was a province of British India that covered parts of the present-day of states Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , and Chhattisgarh .	I
The city of Nagpur the was capital of the province .	I
In 1861 , Nagpur Province was merged into the Central Provinces together with the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories .	O
Nagpur Province was formed after the death of the heirless Maharaja Raghoji III in 1853 .	O
It was thereafter administered by a commissioner under the Governor-General of India .	O
In 1861 , Nagpur Province was merged with the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories to constitute the new Central Provinces and administrative Berar division .	I
Chhindwara District was to added Nerbudda Division .	I
Since 1989 , more than 1 million families made have education and economic progress as a result of NCFL 's work .	I
NCFL works with administrators , policy makers , practitioners and funders to :	O
The National Center for Families Learning partners with Better World Books , Toyota , and other reputable literacy advocates to help fund its many initiatives .	O
Its main industry is based on sugar plantations .	O
The Edu-care Centre is a preschool which caters to Swazi and expatriate children .	O
Ubombo Primary School and Sisekelo High School are both located in Big Bend .	O
Siteki is a town in eastern Swaziland , lying west the of Lebombo Mountains .	I
It is named for a declaration Mbandzeni of permitting his troops to marry .	I
This episode written was by Ken Keeler and directed by Brian Sheesley .	I
episode The opens in the year 1999 , with Fry making a pizza delivery to the control booth of WNYW , New York 's Fox flagship station .	I
Incensed that they do not get to see the end of the episode , the Omicronians launch an invasion fleet .	O
Lrrr announces that he is the wrong McNeal , vaporizes and the President .	I
Unfortunately , most videotapes were in destroyed 2443 , during the second coming of Jesus .	I
The Planet Express crew decides to fake the show in order to save the world .	O
Though his coworker Linda appears , Morbo is absent from this episode .	O
According to the DVD commentary , the writers try to avoid putting Morbo into episodes that have a large focus aliens on .	I
He served as the mayor of Pompano Beach , Florida 2004 from to 2007 .	I
He unsuccessfully sought election as a Broward County , Florida circuit judge .	O
On July 26 , 2007 , he was selected as Davie , Florida 's town attorney .	O
John Hunter ( c.1750 – December 30 , 1802 ) was an American farmer from Newberry , South Carolina .	O
He represented South Carolina in the U.S. House from 1793 until 1795 and in the United States Senate from 1796 to 1798 .	O
Hunter was born in South Carolina in about 1750 , but his exact date of birth is not known .	O
In 1792 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives .	O
He died on December 30 , 1802 , and was interred at Little River / Dominick Presbyterian Cemetery in Newberry County , South Carolina .	O
Oak Hill High School a is high school located in Wales , Maine , United States .	I
The school has several extracurricular activities , including a civil rights team , drama club , F.B.L.A. , French club , math team , and ski club .	O
Winter sports include boys / girls basketball , wrestling as a co-op with Lisbon High School , ice hockey , winter cheering .	O
Spring sports include baseball , softball , lacrosse , Track ( at Lisbon High School ) and boys / girls tennis .	O
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on 14 November , 1999 .	I
The episode was directed by Ron Hughart and written by Lewis Morton .	O
Pamela Anderson guest stars as the voice of one of the Slurm party girls .	O
The episode opens with an advertisement for Slurm , which an is intergalactic popular beverage that is fluorescent green .	I
After repairing Bender , the Professor the leaves F-ray in the custody of Fry and Bender .	I
Fry settles to in relax with a Slurm and chokes on the winning bottle cap .	I
The Planet Express crew arrives at the Slurm plant on Wormulon .	O
They discover that the factory they toured was a fake .	O
They enter the real factory and discover Slurm 's true nature : it is a secretion from a giant worm , the Slurm Queen .	O
They are discovered and captured by the worms .	O
they When escape , the Slurm Queen yells that the company is ruined by the discovery of the secret .	I
In the end , the entire Planet Express crew holds a toast to Slurms McKenzie and Slurm itself .	O
In initial its airing , the episode placed 45th in the Nielsen ratings for primetime shows for the week of November 8 – 14 , 1999 .	I
When IGN updated their top 25 list in 2013 the episode moved to number 21 .	O
Head writer David X. chose Cohen the 6502 from having developed software in assembly language for the CPU .	I
In 2008 Twentieth Century Fox filed to trademark Slurm , either with the intent of releasing a branded beverage or possibly to prevent others from doing so .	O
Piggs Peak is a town in north western Swaziland .	O
It was founded around gold prospecting in 1884 , but its main industry is now forestry .	O
Piggs Peak takes Casino its name from the area .	I
In 2001 the 115m high wall of the Maguga Dam was completed in the Komati River 12 km south of town at .	O
Piggs Peak is named after early an resident , William Pigg , who discovered a gold reef here on 26 March 1884 .	I
The discovery of gold in the Tavua district is attributed to Baron de Este , who found it in the Nasivi River in 1872 .	O
However , discovery of gold in commercial quantities in 1932 at Vatukoula , is attributed to Scottish prospector Bill Borthwick .	O
open-pit Both and underground mining were carried out in Vatukoula .	I
By 1952 , the population of Vatukoula had reached approximately 4,500 people , second largest in the Colony Fiji of .	I
largest The group was indigenous Fijian , while other groups included Pacific Islanders , Indian , Chinese , European , and people of mixed origins .	I
The comprised remainder their dependents , as well as tradespeople , storekeepers , teachers , police and public service officials .	I
at Housing a basic level was available for most employees , emphasizing potable water and sanitation .	I
They have also supported the company through their hard labour and and dedication even through salary sacrifices .	I
The mine re-opened in April 2008 and is currently producing gold , now albeit on a smaller scale .	I
This is a list of cities , towns , and along communities the Potomac River and its branches in the United States .	I
The city is the country 's second largest urban centre behind Mbabane , with a population of 78,000 ( 2008 ) .	O
Eswatini 's primary industrial site at Matsapha lies near the town 's western border .	O
In 1915 , the first hotel since Bremersdorp 's post-Anglo / Boer War reconstruction was opened on the banks of the Mzimene River .	O
The buildings were intact after closure for several years , but were leveled in 2008 by developers private .	I
As of 2014 , Matsapha closed , King and Mswati III International Airport , 56.9 km east , is the new international airport .	I
Manzini was declared a city in 1994 , when its administrative apparatus , the Town Manzini Council , became the Manzini City Council .	I
Residential areas radiate outward from the Central District Business .	I
Helemesi is the SiSwati corruption the of name Williams .	I
The housing development is surrounded by Fairview Township , developed in during 1964 the twilight of colonial rule as Swaziland 's first integrated residential neighbourhood .	I
19th century law , reaffirmed by ordinances in 1920s the , forbade Swazis from residing or owning businesses in Bremserdorp .	I
The development newer was named Fairview North and the original development became Fairview South .	I
Upscale residential neighbourhoods were erected to the east of downtown , beginning with Coates Valley in the 1960s .	O
Large homes were erected at Madonsa Township from the until 1990s all lots were developed ten years later .	I
There is a christian radio station called Voice of the Church based in the city .	O
It was established in 1995 and they had one transmitter then by .	I
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on 21 November , 1999 .	I
The episode was written by Patric Verrone and directed by Mark Ervin .	O
When Nibbler his chips fang , he is taken to a vet , and during the time , is found out to be five years old .	I
Leela is distraught at the loss of her pet and wishes Bender could understand the emotions of others .	O
They also reveal that a monster called El Chupanibre has been terrorizing them .	O
The English name of the society is the American Slovenian Catholic Union .	O
In 1979 it had 42,000 in members 130 lodges in 19 states .	I
Charities of various kinds have been supported by local lodges and the organization national .	I
It is now also used in other association football tournaments and other sports .	O
This featured reigning champions England , favourites and eventual champions Brazil , 1962 runners-up Czechoslovakia and Romania .	O
It was used again in Mexico for the second-phase Group C in the 1982 World Cup in Spain .	O
This grouped defending champions Argentina , the eventual champions Italy and Brazil .	O
As with the 1970 group , this was the only one with all four teams from Europe and America South .	I
The label was widely repeated by the media English-language .	I
Tournaments are often seeded to provide an even distribution of strong and weak competitors across all preliminary groups .	O
However , in association football , used for seeding be may crude .	I
The net is result that some groups may have stronger teams than others .	I
2006 World Cup finalists France and Italy were unseeded and ended up in Group C with and Netherlands Romania .	I
For example , the pool draw for the Rugby 2015 World Cup was held in December 2012 .	I
Because Wales had gone winless in their November 2012 Tests , they had dropped to ninth in the rankings at the time of the draw .	O
Australia were third and England fifth at the time , placing all three teams into separate pots .	O
There are others hard very .	I
However , the label is usually applied in anticipation of the tournament rather than in retrospect .	O
Lack of consensus about which is the group of death can fuel debates among fans and journalists .	O
The combined group Bulgaria , Romania , San Marino , Scotland , and Switzerland .	I
The FAA classifies SkyWest , Inc. as major a airline carrier with operating revenues of U $ D 3.5 billion .	I
On August 4 , 2010 , the parent company , SkyWest , Inc . , announced that its subsidiary ASA would acquire	O
This order may be split between SkyWest , Inc 's .	O
The 70 million dollar deal closed on January 23 , 2019 .	O
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on 28 November , 1999 .	I
The episode was written by Lewis and Morton directed by Jeffrey Lynch .	I
Fry wins , prompting Bender to send all of his chess pieces after Fry .	O
After the deciding Neutral Planet is evil and deceptive , Zapp Brannigan captures and interrogates the crew , thinking that they are assassins .	I
Shortly thereafter , he destroys the D.O.O.P .	O
Both are stripped of all their titles and dishonorably discharged from D.O.O.P .	O
Unable to find employment , the wander pair the streets until they arrive at the Planet Express building .	I
As punishment , Leela them orders to deliver the pillows by hand instead of using the backup dolly , which causes resentment among the crew .	I
With Fry and Bender 's help , she foils Zapp 's plan after he jumps ship with Kif .	O
He then moved on to Molde FK in 2002 before back going to Sweden and IFK Göteborg for the 2006 season .	I
After just one season in Sweden he returned to Norway when he signed for Aalesunds FK in December 2006 .	O
Kihlberg his ended career with four seasons at Örebro , retiring in 2011 .	I
A virtuous governor is banished by a lord feudal to a far-off province .	I
His wife and children are sent to live with her brother .	O
Anju hears a song from a new slave girl from Sado which mentions her and her brother in the lyrics .	O
This leads her to believe their mother is still alive .	O
She tries to convince Zushiō to escape , but he refuses , citing the difficulty and their lack of money .	O
Anju accompanies them , and while they break branches to provide covering for the dying woman they recall their earlier childhood memories .	O
Anju asks him to take Namiji with him , convincing her brother she will stay behind to distract the guards .	O
Zushiō promises to return for Anju .	O
The Head Priest writes a letter for him as proof of who is he .	I
When he looks for Anju among Sanshō 's slaves , he out finds his sister has sacrificed herself for his freedom .	I
The manor is burned down by the ex-slaves , while Sanshō and his family are exiled .	O
Zushiō leaves for Sado where he searches for his aged mother , whom he believes is a still courtesan .	I
He finds a nearly blind , decrepit old woman sitting on the beach singing the same song he heard years before .	O
Zushiō tells her both Anju and their father have died , and apologizes for not coming for her in the pomp of his governor 's post .	O
He tells his mother he has been true to his father 's teachings , which she acknowledges poignantly .	O
A private workshop of the was play undertaken in fall 1993 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music .	I
A smaller-scale workshop was mounted by Geisler-Roberdeau under Malick 's direction own in Los Angeles in spring 1994 .	I
Plans to produce the play on Broadway were postponed indefinitely .	O
It featured many supernatural anthmorphic such elements as talking animals like Toei 's other anime movies of that time .	I
Miraflores may District refer to several districts in Peru :	I
It is currently published in the fall of every odd-numbered year , corresponding to the start of each new biennium of the Wisconsin state government .	O
Hardcover editions of the book may be obtained for no cost by Wisconsin residents by contacting their State Representative or State Senator .	O
He was born in São Luís , Maranhão .	O
He played his last match in November , against Ferroviário 's rival Ceará at Estádio Presidente Vargas .	O
He left a wife and children two , and was buried in São Luís .	I
The episode was written by J. Stewart Burns and directed by Bret Haaland .	O
The next day Bender heads off to the pawn shop to retrieve his body , but it has been sold .	O
The episode ends with Nixon on a rampage through D.C. Washington , escorted by Secret Service agents into the White House .	I
Nixon 's head would continue to be president throughout the series and into the four direct-to-video feature films .	O
However , he does not use the supersuit he had at the end of the episode ever again .	O
episode The features the first appearance of the recurring Brain Slugs .	I
It was formally incorporated as a Town in 1992 with the appointment of its first Mayor , Iliesa Vula from Tavualevu .	O
The town covers a land area of 100 square kilometres , and had a population of 2,418 at the 1996 census .	O
As of 2015 , elected municipal government has not restored been .	I
Olympic javelin thrower Leslie Copeland was in born Tavua .	I
Hong Kong and Bristol Rugby Union player Luke Nabaro born was and raised there .	I
All songs were written by Mark Knopfler .	O
Each chapter is composed in the style of a parable , and , like parables , contains moral a theme .	I
When the movie initially debuted in America , where the novel was much less known , on October 6 , 1952 , the chapter markers were removed .	O
Included in the acting cast is Gianfranco Bellini the as narrator , who has voice-dubbed several American films for the Italian cinema .	I
This interest helped to inspire the making of the film .	O
Despite the Franciscans ' best efforts , the old man insists the donkey remain with him in the shelter .	O
The rest of the film is divided into nine chapters each covering incident an in the life of St. Francis subsequent to his vocation .	I
1 - How Brother Ginepro returned naked to St. Mary of the Angels , the where Brothers had finished building their hut .	I
The first chapter is introduced by a and parable a chapter marker .	I
Francis instructs him never again to give away his meager garment without permission .	O
He wishes to abandon all for the sake of joining Francis , who questions him about his intentions .	O
The old man simply that states he is willing to forsake everything to become a fellow Franciscan .	I
He accepts , and the brothers begin to search the forest for flowers so that they may honor this maiden of God .	O
Francis and his brothers prepare a table of stone , and also garnish it with wildflowers .	O
They pray , and then they eat .	O
Brother Ginepro is once again left behind while the other brothers are preaching and giving food to the poor .	O
Ginepro makes Amarsebello broth a .	I
Amarsebello asks for a pig 's foot , and eager Ginepro consents to completing the task .	O
He gives it to the friars , but warns them never to touch his swine again .	O
Francis is alone lying in the woods , meditating on the passion and love of God .	I
The of sound bells captures his attention , and he is compelled to find the source .	I
7 - How Brother Ginepro was judged on the gallows , and how his vanquished humility the ferocity of the tyrant Nicalaio .	I
He stumbles upon some children , who inform him that the tyrant Nicolaio has just occupied a neighboring town .	O
Excited by the new opportunity , Brother Ginepro rushes to the village and attempts to preach .	O
They throw him , and him use as a jump rope for their own amusement .	I
It is here that Ginepro has an epiphany , that one must preach not by words , but by example ..	O
Brother Ginepro is brought before the tyrant .	O
They bind his hands with rope and tie him to a horse .	O
Once he is properly beaten , they bring Ginepro to the block for his execution .	O
Nicolaio hosts a private audience with Ginepro in order to try to get to the truth of the matter .	O
8 - How Brother Francis Brother and Leon experienced those things that are perfect happiness .	I
But after each scenario , Francis calmly explains that none of these acts would bring perfect happiness .	O
He refuses them , yet the friars persist , claiming that they wish to praise Jesus with him .	O
9 - How St. Francis left St. Mary of the Angels with his friars traveled and the world preaching peace .	I
Whichever direction they face when they fall is the way which God desires them to preach .	O
The film was a series of episodes from St. Francis 's life and no contained plot or character development .	I
The film premiered at the 1950 Venice Film Festival , where it was screened before a packed audience and often applauded in the middle of certain scenes .	O
However , critics gave the film mostly poor reviews .	O
its On initial release , the movie earned less than $ 13,000 in Italy .	I
Although somewhat poorly received at the time , the film is now recognized as a classic of world cinema .	O
It has been released on DVD by Criterion The Collection and Masters of Cinema .	I
In addition to the penis , fingers or the may tongue be inserted into the hole .	I
Numerous motivations can be ascribed to the use and eroticism of glory holes .	O
Utilizing a gloryhole is also an easy way to mitigate any perceived shortcomings physical .	I
Marshall Cavendish was established in the United Kingdom in 1968 by Norman Marshall and Patrick Cavendish .	O
Times Publishing Group acquired it in 1980 .	O
Deckham is residential a suburb in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead in Tyne and Wear , England .	I
In 2011 , Deckham had a population of 9,938 .	O
The village grew , and at the turn of the 20th century was enveloped by urban spawl when neighbouring Gateshead absorbed its outlying and villages settlements .	I
Deckham is largely distinguished from other areas by a commercial area on Old Durham Road which is the principal route through the suburb .	O
Historically , Deckham was a village in County Durham and was incorporated into the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead by the Local Government Act 1972 .	O
The settlement is governed locally by a Parliamentary Labour council and elects Labour a MP .	I
Deckham is an area of social and economic deprivation , in the top ten per cent of such areas according to the Index of Multiple Deprivation .	O
The main economic activity is in a commercial development on Old Durham Road .	O
Deckham a has number of public houses , one of which , the Plough Inn , is more than 150 years old .	I
The two public houses were the ' Speed the Plough ' and ' The Ship ' .	O
The Deckham Hall estate was on the east side of Old Durham Road , 1.25 miles from the Tyne Bridge .	O
It changed hands regularly between the families Wooler , James and Bowker , in the centuries after Deckham 's death and varied in size whilst doing so .	O
By the turn of the 20th century Deckham 's rural aspect had changed .	O
A public was house built at the junction of Taylor Terrace and Split Crow Road .	I
The hall was demolished in 1930 and more council were houses erected on the site .	I
Since the intensive period of house building , little has changed .	O
By contrast , the central and eastern areas of Deckham are affected by a more marked decline .	O
Unlike Sheriff Hill , Deckham was not founded on heavy industry .	O
It developed primarily for its ease of access to the turnpike road , the principle route between Durham and Newcastle-upon-Tyne which ran through it .	O
There is evidence coal of mining ; the Durham Mining Museum has a record for ' Deckham Hall Colliery ' .	I
This is reflected in terms of independent commercial space ; retail space floor in the suburb totals 1 % of that available in the whole metropolitan borough .	I
This compares to Gateshead 's 5 % average over the same period .	O
The distance from Deckham to London is .	O
In 1974 Deckham was incorporated into Metropolitan the Borough of Gateshead by the Local Government Act 1972 .	I
Until its implementation , Deckham was part of County Durham .	O
It is now bordered by settlements which part are of the metropolitan borough .	I
Deckham is a council ward in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead .	O
It is approximately in area and has a population of 9,228 .	O
It is represented by three councillors .	O
June In 2012 , they were Brian Coates , Martin Gannon and Bernadette Oliphant .	I
It was previously in the Gateshead East and Washington West constituency which was abolished by changes boundary before the 2010 UK General Election .	I
In the 2010 UK Election General , Mearns was elected with a majority of 12,549 over Frank Hindle .	I
Deckham is in a safe Labour seat .	O
This is the third highest figure in Gateshead and compares with a borough average of 11.5 % .	O
The eastern half is the in top 5 % of deprived areas .	I
In 2011 however , the ethnic minority population increased rapidly .	O
Also , the population increased massively too , from 7,886 in 2001 9,938 to in 2011 .	I
88.8 % of adults in lone parent with households independent children were women .	I
In 2011 , 7.7 % of Deckham 's population were non white British .	O
This is above average for the Metropolitan borough of Gateshead , but below average for the town of Gateshead which Deckham forms part a of .	I
Deckham is situated to the east of Gateshead town centre .	O
It is also split into three sub districts , Central Deckham , Mount Pleasant and Carr Hill .	O
Deckham has three buildings by listed English Heritage .	I
They are 33 and 35 Fife Street and the of Church St George .	I
Two more buildings were locally listed as places of special interest by Gateshead Council .	O
These are Hill Carr Clinic at Carr Hill Road / Ilford Place and St Mark 's Methodist Church at Shipcote Terrace .	I
Deckham has public several houses .	I
The Plough Inn on Old Durham Road and is evidenced on the ordnance survey map in 1862 where it is shown as ' Speed the Plough ' .	O
After objections were raised planning approval was rescinded but it was demolished in 2011 .	O
Gateshead Leisure Centre in Shipcote and Saltwell Park close are by .	I
These facilities to contribute the regeneration of the suburb .	I
The project has education provision for young children as a registered day – care provider and it also offers adult education and training .	O
The second Deckham Festival was held on 3 September 2011 and attracted one over thousand visitors , including Mayor of Gateshead and BBC local weatherman Paul Mooney .	I
Journey time by car or to bus Gateshead town centre is approximately 5 minutes , and 10 – 12 minutes into the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne .	I
Services to intu MetroCentre and Chester-le-Street also run through and stop in the area .	O
All buses serving Deckham are operated Go by North East under the administration of Nexus .	I
South Street Community Primary School at the northern end of Deckham in Cramer Street and caters for pupils in the 3 – 11 age range .	O
The number of eligible pupils for free school meals is well above the national average .	I
In all inspection categories , the primary provision was judged good .	O
Deckham compares unfavourably with the wider Gateshead area in respect of adults with educational qualifications .	O
The song is considered to be a rejection of consumerism .	O
She sang the new version for the first time that night at her concert at the Capitol Theatre in Port Chester .	O
The song was recorded in take one on October 1 , 1970 .	I
In 2003 , Joplin 's recording was remixed , adding a beat and background a melody .	I
The remixed version was included on collections of Joplin 's greatest hits .	O
It is known for its factory glass and artwork .	I
He is known for his aerial and scoring goal abilities .	I
He was also the first Swedish player to played have in the Russian Premier League .	I
Wallerstedt returned to Allsvenskan 1 July 2003 , after only 5 months in Russia .	O
This also meant that Wallerstedt transferred to his new team without a transfer fee as his three-year deal with the Russian club no longer was binding .	O
The 2004 season was a success for story both Wallerstedt and his club .	I
His first start and first goal 2 came games later against Helsingborg .	I
The 2007 season was luckier for both Wallerstedt and Göteborg IFK as the team won Allsvenskan and finished as runners-up in Svenska Cupen .	I
He was also used as a winger several times during the season , a position he had problems with adapting to .	O
The goal form continued to the league opener against Malmö FF where he found the net to secure a draw .	O
IFK Göteborg was eliminated in the second qualifying round without Wallerstedt playing a single minute .	O
On 24 February it was announced that Wallerstedt had signed his for former GIF Sundsvall , playing in the Swedish second division , Superettan .	I
He scored already in his first game for the club , in a friendly against Umeå FC .	O
Wallerstedt also scored the team 's first competitive goal the of season as GIF Sundsvall won beat Falkenbergs FF 2 – 1 .	I
The team consisted of players only from the Scandinavian leagues .	O
Again , the team consisted of from players the Scandinavian leagues .	I
Notably , of the 3 games he participated in , team the lost 2 and made 1 draw scoring only one goal .	I
Written and produced by Dallas Austin , inspiration for the song was conceptualised in the midst of reading negative comments about members of the band .	O
The song released on 5 December 2005 in the Kingdom United as the second single from the album .	I
Ugly is the band 's final single released under the second line up of Sugababes , after original Mutya member Buena departed the group in December 2005 .	I
The song 's accompanying music video is set in a warehouse in New York City , and features people of different ages and races showcasing their talents .	O
Paul Sheehy , Doug Harms , Graham Marsh and Ian Rossiter served as the assistant recording engineers for the song .	O
The lyrical content makes reference to feeling ugly from having different eyes and hair , in addition to being shorter than other people .	O
The song spent four weeks in the chart 's top-ten and 15 weeks on the chart overall .	O
The song peaked at number four in Denmark , becoming the Sugababes ' fourth top-five single in the country .	O
It remained in the for chart 16 weeks .	I
It is set in a warehouse in New York City is that used for people who are taking part in an audition .	I
It begins with a yellow taxi driving on a New York City road with apartment complexes .	O
When Sugababes sing the chorus again , dance they with the people who also begin to show other talents , including instrumentation and magic tricks .	I
OMTP also had the support of two sponsors , Ericsson and Nokia .	O
OMTP ’ s focus was on gathering and driving mobile terminal requirements , and their publishing findings in their Recommendations .	I
OMTP is perhaps best known for its work in the field of mobile security , but its work encompassed the full range of mobile device capabilities .	O
OMTP published recommendations in 2007 and early 2008 on areas such as Positioning Enablers , Advanced Device Management , IMS and Mobile VoIP .	O
OMTP also published requirements document addressing support for advanced SIM cards .	O
An Approved Release 1.0 of BONDI was issued June in 2009 .	I
An open source project for a comprehensive BONDI SDK was started at http : / / bondisdk.org .	O
OMTP The Common Charging and Local Data Connectivity was adopted by GSM Association in the Universal Charging System ( UCS ) initiative .	I
This has been further endorsed by the CTIA and the ITU .	O
In June 2010 , the OMTP transitioned itself into the new Wholesale Applications Community .	O
All OMTP activities ceased at that time and were either taken over within the WAC organisation or other standards or industry associations .	O
The discussions and actions of the four continually refer to the thoughts of Blaise Pascal on mathematics , on ethics and on human existence .	O
In the street he sees Vidal , an old Marxist friend a now university lecturer , who invites him to a concert the next evening .	I
After the event , Vidal tells Jean-Louis he is going to see a friend and persuades him to come as well .	O
The three talk and drink , until Maud suggests that falling snow has made the drive to Jean-Louis ' mountain village unsafe and he should stay .	O
Initially hurt , she gets over the rejection and in the morning invites him to join her later for a walk in the snow .	O
Her name is Françoise and she agrees to see him later .	O
On the walk with Maud he is much more forward with her , to the point where she has to restrain him .	O
Later , she admits that the cloud between them is because she has been having an affair with a married man .	O
She says she has remarried , but it is not a success .	O
Then he realizes that his wife 's lover was Maud 's husband .	O
Instead , they go for a swim with their child .	O
When the film released was in France in 1969 , it received mixed reviews .	I
... We are grateful to Eric for Rohmer his haughty , if a little outdated , austerity .	I
It was Rohmer 's first successful film both commercially and critically .	O
He also served as chair of the Governors National Association from 1919 to 1922 .	I
He attended Swarthmore College , was a member of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and graduated with honors in 1891 .	O
In 1895 , Sproul was elected a director of the First National Bank of Chester .	O
In 1900 , he was elected of president the Chester Shipping Company .	I
He was president of the Ohio Valley Electric Railway Company , the Lackawanna & Wyoming Railroad Valley Company and of the General Refractories Company .	I
At age 26 , he was the youngest member of the senate and the youngest man to become senator from Delaware County .	O
In 1918 , Sproul was elected as the 27th Governor of Pennsylvania and until served 1923 .	I
As governor , he focused on expanding funding for education , roadway construction , and veterans ' services .	O
He is interred at the Chester Rural Cemetery in Chester , Pennsylvania .	O
His birthplace is known as the John Douglass House and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .	O
William Sproul may refer to :	O
theoretic The goal — on the cognitive side — involves representing and reasoning spatial-temporal knowledge in mind .	I
The goal applied — on the computing side — involves developing high-level control systems of robots for navigating and understanding time and space .	I
Without addressing internal relations among spatial relations , AI researchers many contributed fragmentary representations .	I
Recently , spatio-temporal calculi have been designed that combine spatial and temporal information .	O
Contrary to mathematical or physical theories about space and time , qualitative constraint calculi allow for rather inexpensive reasoning about entities located in space and time .	O
Most of these calculi can be formalized as abstract relation algebras , such that reasoning can be carried out at a symbolic level .	O
La Promesse ( ) is a 1996 drama film by Belgian the brothers Luc Dardenne and Jean-Pierre Dardenne .	I
On the April 11 episode , she opted to leave the program as she was suffering from continuous pain and lethargy .	O
rosters until February 2004 when she decided to go back to college finish to her degree .	I
Silicone rubbers are widely used in industry , and there are multiple formulations .	O
In order to convert to a solid , must it be cured , vulcanized , or catalyzed .	I
It can also be molded injection .	I
Silicone rubber may be cured by a cure platinum-catalyzed system , a condensation cure system , a peroxide cure system , or an oxime cure system .	I
Organotitanate catalysts such as tetraalkoxy titanates or chelated titanates are used in alkoxy-cured systems .	O
Tin catalysts such as dibutyl tin dilaurate ( DBTDL ) can be used in oxime and acetoxy-cured systems .	O
Two-part condensation systems package the cross-linker and condensation catalyst together in one part the while polymer and any fillers or pigments are in the second part .	I
They not do require the use of a release agent since silicones have non-stick properties .	I
Peroxide curing is used widely for curing silicone rubber .	I
However , these products are usually treated in a postcure which oven greatly reduces the peroxide breakdown product content .	I
One of the two main organic peroxides used , dicumyl peroxide ( c.f .	O
The first silicone elastomers were developed in the search for better insulating materials for electric motors and generators .	O
The glass was very heat resistant , but phenolic the resins would not withstand the higher temperatures that were being encountered in new smaller electric motors .	I
When first discovered , silicone was erroneously believed to have oxygen atoms bonded in this way .	O
Technically correct term for the various silicone rubbers is polysiloxanes or polydimethylsiloxanes .	O
The mentioned companies above are now still the main competitors in the oligopoly that comprises the silicone industry .	I
It is also available in virtually any colour , and can be colour matched .	O
Cord can be joined to make O-rings and extruded profiles can be joined to make seals .	O
The microcapsule-based material was capable of recovering almost all the of original tear strength .	I
Additionally , this material had improved fatigue properties as evaluated using a torsion-fatigue test .	O
Maurice was born in Paris to Raoul Auguste Alexandre Maurice and Marguerite Jeanne Lebrun .	O
It is most often heard as a reduction piano .	I
It was premiered on 9 December 1958 by Jean-Marie Londeix with the Orchestre Symphonique Brestois directed by Maurice 's husband , and fellow composer , Pierre Lantier .	O
There are more titles catalogued in library the of the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris where Maurice studied and spent her professional life .	I
She received first prize of harmony in 1933 , second prize fugue of in 1934 , and in 1939 received first prize in composition .	I
Works list derived from Paule Maurice 's 1960 curriculum vitae :	O
In preparation at the time of her 1960 vitae curriculum : Suite pour 2 pianos et orchestre .	I
The film 's sets were designed by Virgilio Marchi , a veteran Futurist architect .	O
She 's horrified by the factory 's working conditions , which she as sees slavery .	I
As a result of helping these people , she spends less and time less at home .	I
The last image is of Irene 's face looking down at them through the bars with a hint of a smile .	O
Criterion 's version of the film was completely restored from surviving elements and is finally intact , and a new subtitle English translation is also included .	I
He was the second son of Pierre-Hélie of Chauvigny and Haois of Châtellerault .	O
Haois was the great-aunt of King Richard making Andrew and Richard second cousins .	O
Andrew was popular in the tournament circuit of day the .	I
Henry , with his captain William Marshal , was able to flee .	O
Andrew was in the lead of Richard 's pursuit force .	O
Andrew and William clashed , and on that day , William was able to unhorse Andrew .	O
Andrew was one of King Richard 's central military figures of the Third Crusade ( 1190 – 1192 ) .	O
He was with the King at the muster Vezelay of and departed with the army to Marseille on July 4 , 1190 .	I
He was present with the King Sicily at and proved to be a competent military commander at the Siege of Acre and the Battle of Arsuf .	I
Andrew remained loyal to Richard and assisted in the retaking of Loches and Châtillon-sur-Indre , 1194 .	O
Later , Andrew would be Richard 's forces during the attack on Adhemar , count of Angoulême .	O
Technically , the treaty called for Andrew to become a liege-vassal of the King of France for his fiefs in Berry .	O
As treaty the proved to be a failure , and the war continued , Andrew remained firmly in the Angevin camp .	I
With the death of King Richard at the siege of the tower of Chalus-Chabrol in 1199 , Andrew had another important decision to make .	O
Arthur had invested been by King Philip as the rightful lord of the Angevin inheritance .	I
He was sent Rouen to .	I
He was succeeded as baron Deols-Chateroux of by his twelve-year-old son William .	I
The band has since released three albums , with the most recent on May 11 , 2010 .	O
Rearranging a small selection of key songs written in the previous bands two , the band shortly formed a foundation for their distinct style .	I
As a result , the band was to signed Thorp / Sailor 's Grave Records and People Like You Records in Europe .	I
The album was well received and the band proceeded to tour United States and Europe for the next two years .	O
The band parted ways with original rhythm guitarist Bob Zamudio and original drummer Ryan Markley , the latter forming bluegrass-punk band Old Man Markley .	O
The new line up finished recording the band 's third , self-titled record in 2009 .	O
The band also became a 4 piece with Alex Brugge playing rhythm guitar and singing .	O
A French visitor to the estate in 1796 recorded :	O
In 1788 Willis was recommended to the increasingly concerned Queen Consort by an Equerry ’ s wife , whose mother Willis had treated successfully .	O
The original Greatford Hall closed sanatorium in 1838 and was mostly destroyed by fire in 1930 , but was mostly rebuilt and is now a private residence .	I
Who died on December 5 1807	I
In the 90th year of age his	I
He the was third son of the Revd .	I
A descendant of an family ancient of the same name	I
That resided formerly at Fenny Compton Warwickshire in	I
He studied at Oxford ; was Fellow and sometime Vice-Principal of Brazen Nose College : Where in	O
inclination he took the degree of Doctor of Physic in the same University and continued the practice	O
John Curtois of Branston in this County ,	O
By his second wife he had no issue .	O
admiration and procured for him the esteem of the Nation .	O
The kindness benevolence and of his	I
disposition were testified by the tears and lamentations which followed him to the grave .	O
The Cabeza Prieta Wilderness is located in the Sonoran Desert in southwestern Arizona in the United States .	O
It may be temporarily closed for training exercises of the Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range .	O
It is also the reputed burial ground of famed environmentalist and author Edward Abbey .	O
The song is written in the form of a letter ( many of the lines are written in amphibrachs ) .	O
knew We it was going to be big .	I
We could see what the crowd did — play you the Royal Albert Hall , the crowd goes crazy , and you 're really saying something there .	I
It provided the title to Jennifer Warnes ' album of cover versions of Cohen 's songs .	O
Human Watch Rights reported that Mohammed was captured in February 2003 , in Quetta , Pakistan .	I
Mohammed was later extradited to Egypt and was released in 2010 .	O
& = Not in Cordillera Central .	O
After the Mint produced patterns with an 1856 date and gave them to legislators officials and , Congress formally authorized the new piece in February 1857 .	I
So many cents were issued that they choked commercial channels , especially as were they not legal tender and no one had to take them .	I
Worn Spanish colonial silver pieces were then commonly used as money throughout the United States .	O
By the 1840s , profits , or seignorage , from monetizing copper into cents helped fund the Mint .	O
The cent was disliked its for large size as well .	I
At the time , it was widely felt that coins should contain a large proportion of their value face in metal .	I
Provisions for a smaller cent were dropped from the legislation that gave congressional approval for the three-cent piece in 1851 .	O
A number of pattern cents were struck in 1854 and 1855 .	O
The Mint 's chief engraver , James B. Longacre , was instructed to prepare designs for pattern coins .	O
This occurred as Booth 's experiments continued ; the first cent patterns with the flying eagle design were about the size of a quarter .	O
In an effort to secure public acceptance of the new pieces , these were distributed to various congressmen and other officials , in initially November 1856 .	I
At least 634 specimens were distributed , and possibly several thousand ; extra were available on request .	O
Although the legislation was still a day from final passage , Snowden recommended Longacre 's designs to Guthrie on 20 February .	I
It composed is of leaves of wheat , corn , cotton and tobacco , thus including produce associated with both the North and the South .	I
In of anticipation large popular demand , Mint authorities built a temporary wooden structure in the courtyard of the Philadelphia facility .	I
This attempt led to the major variety of the series , as coins of the revised version have smaller letters in the inscriptions than those struck earlier .	O
The Mint prepared pattern coins with a much smaller eagle in 1858 , which struck well , but which officials disliked .	O
The glut was ended by the hoarding all of federal coinage in the wake of the economic upset caused by the Civil War .	I
By the 1880s , it was a in rarity circulation .	I
The 2018 edition R.S of .	I
The 1856 is $ 6,500 in that grade , rising to $ 20,000 in uncirculated MS-63 .	O
He is a founder of the University of Fiji and serves as a trustee of the Fiji Institute of Applied and Studies as editor of .	I
He was released 13 on July 2000 after 56 days of captivity .	I
The others Diljit were S. Rana of Ireland , B.R .	I
The conference was held as a prelude to the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas , which ran from 7 – 9 January .	O
Chand was the second citizen Fiji of to receive this award , the first being Mahendra Chaudhry in 2004 .	I
The report claimed that police were investigating his alleged involvement in the theft of government property , including furniture , from his office .	O
On 25 September 2007 , Dr Chand was appointed the of Director the Fiji Institute of Technology ( FIT ) .	I
The M-drop is a play in the sport of water polo which is mainly used when there is a strong , offensive set of players .	O
There is one player in the middle , called set .	O
If the opposing team has a very strong set player , the D3 player will drop back and help the D6 player .	O
The title refers to the baroque musical theorist Andreas Werckmeister .	O
In a 2016 poll by BBC , the film was listed as one of the top 100 films since 2000 ( 56th position ) .	O
The film starts with János Valuska conducting a poem and with dance drunken bar patrons .	I
The dance is of the total eclipse of the sun , which disturbs , then silences the animals .	O
It finishes with the grand return of the warm sunlight .	O
János ' older György friend is a composer , and one of the intelligentsia .	I
After the riot , János comes across the diary of a rioter .	O
It explains that the rioters did not know what they were angry with ; they so were angry at everything .	I
He is intercepted by a helicopter .	O
He finds himself committed to a mental institution with caged beds ( a tool the of time for dealing with political dissidents ) .	I
The is intelligentsia displaced by political opportunism .	I
VKB is an acronym for Værdal 'n Karsk og BASE , a BASE jumping group based in Trondheim , Norway .	O
The group takes its name from a jump from a crane at Aker Verdal .	O
Most of the members know each other from the former Norwegian Institute of Technology .	O
They decided in 2003 to take a scientific approach to the sport , and have been designing their own tracking suits to achieve a better glide ratio .	O
The group have unusual access to testing facilities , including sophisticated computer modelling and a wind tunnel , enabling them to fine-tune their designs .	O
VKB AS is registered as a manufacturer of clothing and textile other products .	I
They also use a special program to GPS log readings 20 times a second to accurately record a flight .	I
Carmencita Abad , known as Carmencita Decano Abad in real life , ( born 1933 ) is a Filipina actress .	O
Inspired of Dumas Alexander 's The Three Muskiteers a Filipino version made by Sampaguita Pictures in 1951 was Abad 's first major role .	I
The only movie under Sampaguita Pictures was that released in 1951 before she moved to the rival company , Lvn Pictures , in the early 1950s .	I
It is exclusive an residential and upscale shopping district south of downtown Lima .	I
is It also one of the most affluent districts that make up the city of Lima .	I
The district 's postal code is 18 .	O
The district has a total area land of 9.62 km ² .	I
However it was merged into the Metropolitan Lima Area as the city expanded during the early 20th century .	I
During the War of the Pacific ( 1879 – 1885 ) , the district was the scene of the Battle of Miraflores .	O
thousand Two people died as a result and the district was sacked and burned by Chilean invaders .	I
According to a 2010 estimate by the INEI , the district has 85,065 inhabitants and a population density of 8,516.84 persons per km ² .	O
In 2010 , there were 28,116 households the in district .	I
The district is also a cultural center , with theaters , cinemas and art galleries .	O
It also lodges the University of Piura and the Raúl Porras Barrenechea Institute of the National University of San Marcos .	O
The former airline Aeroperú also its had headquarters in Miraflores .	I
The district is full of hotels , cafés , pubs , restaurants and shops , which draw large crowds of the local population on Sundays .	O
Miraflores has always been a major hub for tourists in Lima .	O
The Miraflores Park Hotel is one the of district 's five-star hotels .	I
La Marina Lighthouse is located on cliffs the overlooking the Costa Verde .	I
Howe was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .	O
The A 's suffered through three losing seasons under Howe before , in 1999 , they returned to contention .	O
In 2000 , 2001 and 2002 , the A 's won 91 , 102 and 103 games respectively and made the American League playoffs in each season .	O
He said it was unfortunate that Beane 's lack regard of for him was that obvious .	I
On November 7 , 2006 , Howe was hired by the Rangers as Washington 's bench coach .	O
Howe married is to his high school sweetheart , Betty .	I
They have three children and five grandchildren .	O
CJMQ-FM a is Canadian radio station .	I
Since the of demise CKTS in 1992 , CJMQ is the only locally produced English-language broadcaster in the Eastern Townships .	I
In the 1940s it had a studio in the basement of Hall Norton .	I
With the construction of Bishop Mountain House ( or the Student Union Building ) the station acquired space in the basement and constructed their first studio .	O
This continued to 1978 when CKTS had sufficient resources to cover their broadcasting day .	O
At this time Radio Bishop 's changed its name to RCBU ( Radio Champlain Bishop 's University ) to recognise the support from Champlain Regional College .	O
In 1987 , the station officially incorporated as CJMQ Radio Bishop 's Inc .	O
In 2007 , the station was granted another power increase , from 500 to 1,670 watts .	O
district The serves students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade , who come from the Township of Scotch Plains and the Borough of Fanwood .	I
District Factor Groups districts organize statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts .	I
Schools in the district ( with 2014-15 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics ) are :	O
Core members of the district 's administration are :	O
Blue moon is found mainly in Virginia , Michigan , Indiana , Wisconsin , and Ohio .	O
Smith born was in Charleston , South Carolina in 1758 to Benjamin Smith and Anne Loughton .	I
In 1774 , Smith studied law at the Middle Temple in London , Great Britain and continued his studies in Geneva from to 1774 1778 .	I
Smith remained in Europe for the remainder of the American Revolutionary War .	O
In 1784 , Smith served as a member of the South Carolina council privy .	I
From 1787 to 1788 , Smith served in the South Carolina House of Representatives .	O
Smith was elected as a Pro-Administration candidate to the First Congress in 1788 to South Carolina 's 1st congressional district .	O
Smith was subsequently reelected to the Second Congress and Third Congress .	O
Smith later joined the Federalist Party and was reelected to the Fourth and Fifth Congress under ticket that .	I
In the Third Congress , Smith served as chair of the Committee on Elections .	O
In the Fourth and Fifth Congresses , Smith served as chair of the Committee Ways on and Means .	I
On July 10 , 1797 , Smith resigned from Congress to serve as United States Ambassador to Portugal .	O
He held the position until September 9 , 1801 , when he was recalled and took a leave of absence .	O
In 1808 , Smith was commissioned as a lieutenant in the South Carolina Militia .	O
That same year , Smith was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives .	O
Smith died of an illness in Charleston , S.C. , December 19 , 1812 .	O
He was interred at in St. Philip 's Churchyard .	O
As he explained the on floor of the House of Representatives on March 17 , 1790 :	I
It is an iTunes exclusive album that was released on August 31 , 2004 .	O
From 1912 onward it used the name International Peace Bureau .	O
Finally , it advocates the reduction of arms production and international trade weapons .	I
IPB 's work was rewarded by the Nobel Peace Prize in 1910 , which has also been awarded to some of its members :	O
It is often used developers by when they continue to release new features that might not be fully tested .	I
Perpetual software beta is not recommended for mission critical machines .	I
However , many operational systems find to this be a much more rapid and agile approach to development , staging , and deployment .	I
According to publisher and open source advocate Tim O 'Reilly :	O
It is known in English as the Native Land Register .	O
The acclaimed director Andrei Tarkovsky named it one of his 10 favorite films .	O
tries He to set her head straight and make her conscious of her guilt .	I
Nazario is forced to go into hiding : he exchanges his frock for plain clothes and sets out to peregrinate country the .	I
plans He to survive by begging .	I
On his way he encounters a rail-road construction crew , and offers to work for food .	O
She leads him to a house where he encounters the prostitute Andara as well as a sick girl .	O
But he is when perturbed the woman instead begin to perform superstitious rites .	I
Believing Nazario be to a miracle-worker and a saint , Andara and Beatriz insist on following him .	I
The three end up in a plague-ridden village , where Nazario offers help .	O
He says that she is struggling with but Satan should resist temptation .	I
The two are interrupted by Andara , who insists that they must flee immediately , before they are found out .	O
Andara and Nazario are arrested and taken to jail , Beatriz but begs for his release .	I
He is tormented by his cellmates , who insult him and physically abuse him .	O
But I also you scorn !	I
He is separated from the group and led away by a single guard .	O
As he is being led away , Pinto and Beatriz pass by in a carriage , but without any sign of recognition .	O
In the final scene , Nazario and the guard pass by a woman selling fruit .	O
He is led away with the pineapple under his arm , utterly distraught .	O
It is considered to be part of the Lower Colorado Valley region of the Sonoran Desert .	O
The historic building that housed Bobcat Bite was originally a trading post .	O
Later it became a gun shop until Rene Clayton and her daughter Mitzi Clayton / Panzer converted it a into restaurant .	I
Host Andrew Zimmern ranks it his in top 3 hamburgers .	I
It closed in October 2018 , when the Eckres retired .	O
It won the 1979 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and launched Shepard to national fame as a playwright .	O
The scene begins with the couple having a conversation with one another , discussing events of their past .	O
Vince tries different methods to Tilden convince and Dodge of his identity , while Shelly helps Tilden with the carrots .	I
While he is gone , talks Shelly to Tilden and asks him questions about Vince .	I
The scene begins with Dodge presuming that Vince has run away and left Shelly .	O
He tells also Shelly not to fear Bradley as he only has one leg .	I
She then starts a yelling match with Dodge and Bradley , and they exchange several words until Shelly intervenes .	O
He then climbs through the door 's netting and states that he has to stay at the farmhouse with his family .	O
and Halie Dodge then recognize Vince , and Dodge hands him the ownership of the house and land .	I
With the land now his , Vince to decides stay at the house , while Shelly tries to convince him to leave .	I
Halie then begins to yell out that corn has bloomed in the backyard , while sits Vince motionless on the sofa .	I
The play transferred Theatre to de Lys , now the Lucille Lortel Theatre .	I
The show was revived for a two-month run on Broadway in 1996 , following a production at Steppenwolf the Theatre in Chicago in 1995 .	I
The production , directed by Gary Sinise at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre , was nominated for five Tony Awards did but not win any .	I
In February 2016 , play the began performances Off-Broadway , produced by theatre company The New Group and directed by Scott Elliott .	I
After the death of his father in 1393 , he inherited all of his estates and administered them together with mother his .	I
this During time he is mentioned as duke of Krk and Modruš , and was also later confirmed as the duke of Rab .	I
In this pact , he bethrothed his eldest son Ivan Frankopan to Ivaniš 's daughter Catherine .	O
He soon also came into conflict with the Counts of Celje , who took parts of Nikola 's lands claiming by dowry .	I
This was settled eventually at the court of king Sigismund in Buda .	I
His properties also extended to the towns of Cetin , Slunj and Ozalj in Slavonia , which he bought from king Sigismund for 17,000 ducats in 1397 .	O
He subsequently confirmed this in 1431 , for another loan of 14,000 ducats .	O
Thus two factions were formed ready to start a bloody feud .	O
The of outbreak civil war was prevented by Sigismund 's return from abroad .	I
Peace was further when consolidated Nikola passed away on June 26 , 1432 .	I
He was survived by nine and sons daughters .	I
The founder of this branch of the Frangipani family supplied great leaders and Generals of Croatian history .	O
Some the of accusations included that some family members had converted to Islam .	I
It is the opposite of hardcoding , which refers to coding values and functions in source the code .	I
The term is generally used where softcoding becomes an anti-pattern .	O
At the extreme end , soft-coded programs develop their own poorly designed and implemented scripting languages , and configuration files that require advanced programming skills edit to .	I
This can lead to the production of utilities to assist in configuring the original program , and these utilities often end up being ' softcoded ' themselves .	O
In-house software and software with limited distribution can be less configurable , distributing as altered copies is simpler .	I
In many cases , the appropriate design is a domain-specific language integrated into an established scripting language .	O
approach Another is to move most of an application 's functionality into a library , providing an API for writing related applications quickly .	I
Defining of features the Plateau family have only been published in manuscript form ( Blench 2008 ) .	I
Little work has been on done the Plateau languages , and the results to date are tentative .	I
Only some of the languages have nominal classes , as the Bantu languages have , where in others these eroded have .	I
The large numbers of in consonants many languages is due to the erosion of noun-class prefixes .	I
Dedicated handlers and well-trained dogs are required for the use of dogs to be effective in search efforts .	O
From their training and experience , search and rescue dogs can be classified broadly as either air-scenting dogs or trailing ( and tracking ) dogs .	O
SAR dogs can be trained specifically for rubble searches , for water searches , and avalanche for searches .	I
It is a common misconception that German only Shepherd Dogs , Doberman Pinschers and Bloodhounds do this type of work .	I
Her work been has published in the Journal of Forensic Anthropology .	I
Of key importance were the materials used in as training the artificial scents available proved significantly different as compared to biological tissue containing bacteria , etc .	I
Obedience training is essential for the dog 's safety , order at staging areas , and to maintain professionalism in law enforcement and the public audience .	O
Scent training decreases frequency ( 3-5 times / week ) but duration increases ( 20 – 60 minutes per session ) .	I
Usually training as starts a game played with puppies , starting with simple reward-based training ( i.e .	I
ensures This that the handler is able to cope with the ever-changing situations presented to them .	I
the Once handler is with the subject , the dog is released ( and during training , rewarded ) .	I
Thus it is important to train with those having more experience .	O
This takes less training on the of part the handler and more on the part of the dog .	I
It occupies an area of approximately , and is home to a population of just over 10,000 people , reducing 7,000 to at the 2011 Census .	I
A Europe-wide order , they became extremely large and wealthy landowners thanks to the of patronage rich and noble families .	I
Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries they were at odds with Henry VIII , as they still recognised the supremacy of Rome and were themselves suppressed .	O
Their possessions were made forfeit to the crown .	O
However , the then lord of the manor , Samuel Dunch was a strong parliamentarian .	O
In 1767 the manor was bought by Thomas Dummer of Cranbury Park , Otterbourne , from whom it devolved to the Chamberlayne family .	O
The school opened to serve both Baddesley and Chilworth , with Mr Dibble the headmaster living in the adjoining school house .	O
This is reflected in the of names local roads , Willis Avenue and Fleming Avenue .	I
The most recent development is a new estate off Rownhams Road which was completed in 2008 .	O
In 1921 the population was fewer than 400 , but by the outbreak of war in 1939 it was almost 1,000 .	O
The most recent of the parish 's developments is orientated to the north of Botley Road running up Nutburn Road .	O
Reminders of this are in found the local place-names of Zionshill and Knightwood .	I
St John 's Church is a mainly 17th-century building set on a hill-brow with a view over countryside .	O
The village was a stronghold of the Knights of St John .	O
North Baddesley is twinned with :	O
Born in São Paulo , Brazil , Mario Caldato Jr. is the son of Italian father Mario , Sr. and Brazilian mother Guiomar .	O
He was further inspired by a 1972 performance by Duke Ellington at Camino El College in Torrance , California .	I
It was also at Dike 's apartment that Caldato first met the New York rap group Beastie Boys and the duo the Dust Brothers .	O
With Adam Horovitz , he produced two albums for the hardcore punk band D.F.L .	O
In 2010 Caldato mixed and co-produced the Seu Jorge and Almaz self-titled album released by Now-Again Records .	O
1989 Tone Lōc ( Loc 'ed after Dark ) 🇺 🇸 eng , mix	O
1989 Young MC ( Stone Rhymin Cold ' ) 🇺 🇸 eng , mix	I
1989 Def Jef ( Just a Poet with Soul ) 🇺 🇸 eng , mix	O
Proud be to 🇺 🇸 mix	I
1995 Hurricane DJ ( The Hurra ) 🇺 🇸 prod , eng , mix	I
1996 Beastie Boys ( The In Sounds from Way Out ) 🇺 🇸 co-prod w / Beastie Boys , eng , mix	O
1998 Money Mark 1 / 2 of ( Push the Button ) 🇺 🇸 prod , eng , mix	O
1999 Clowns 1000 ( Freelance Bubble Head ) 🇺 🇸 mix	I
1999 Arno 1 / 2 of ( European Cowboy / a Poil Commercial ) 🇧 🇪 prod , eng , mix	O
1999 Hot Sauce Johnson ( Truck Stop Jug Hop ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
1999 Nawfel ( Nawfel ) 🇫 🇷 mix	O
2000 Morgan 1 / 2 of ( Organized ) 🇬 co-prod 🇧 w / Morgan , mix	I
2000 Mundo Livre S / A ( Por Pouco ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2000 Planet Hemp ( Invasao A do Sagaz Homem Fumaca ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2000 Silmarils ( Vegas 76 ) 🇫 🇷 prod , mix	O
2001 Planet Hemp ( MTV ao Vivo ) 🇧 🇷 prod , mix	O
2001 Scapegoat Wax 1 / 2 of ( Okeeblow / SWAX ) 🇺 🇸 prod , mix	O
2002 Mother Tongue ( Streetlight ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
2002 Seu Jorge ( Esporte Samba Fino / Carolina ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2003 Jack Johnson ( On & On ) 🇺 🇸 prod , mix	O
2004 Donavon Frankenreiter ( Donavon Frankenreiter ) 🇸 🇺 co-prod w / Jack Johnson , eng , mix	I
2005 Jack Johnson ( In Between Dreams ) 🇸 🇺 prod , mix	I
2005 Super Furry Animals ( Lovekraft ) 🇬 🇧 prod , eng , mix	O
2006 Marcelo D2 ( Meu Samba e Assim ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
Marisa 2006 Monte ( Universo ao Meu Redor ) 🇧 🇷 co-prod w / Marisa , eng , mix	I
2006 Willie Bobo ( Lost and Found ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
Gruff 2007 Rhys ( Candylion ) 🇬 🇧 add-prod , mix	I
2007 Money Mark ( Brand New by Tomorrow ) 🇺 prod 🇸 , eng , mix	I
2007 Nação Zumbi ( Fume de Tudo ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2008 Banda de Turistas ( Magico Corazon Radiofonico ) 🇦 🇷 mix	O
2008 Dirty Heads ( Any Port in a Storm ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
Mallu 2008 Magalhaes ( Mallu Magalhaes ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2008 Marcelo D2 ( do Arte Barulho ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2009 Carolina Ana 1 / 2 of ( Nove ) 🇧 🇷 co-prod w / Kassin , eng , mix	I
2009 Brothers of Brazil ( Punkanova ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2009 Manaca ( Manaca ) 🇧 🇷 prod , mix	O
2009 Marcio Local ( Sem Nenhum Problema / Márcio Local Says Don Day ... ) 🇧 🇷 prod , mix	O
2009 Vanessa Mata da ( Multishow ao Vivo ) 🇧 🇷 co-prod w / Kassin , mix	I
2010 Bombolessé ( Movimento ) 🇨 mix 🇦	I
2010 Vanessa da Mata ( Bicicletas , Bolos e Outras Alegrias ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2011 Bambas Dois ( Bambas Dois ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2011 The Bottetop Band ( Dream Service ) 🇬 🇧 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2011 Charlotte OC Conner ’ ( For Kenny ) 🇬 🇧 prod , eng , mix	I
2011 Domenico ( Cine Prive ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2011 Seu Jorge ( Musica para Churrasco vol 1 ) 🇧 🇷 prod , mix	O
2011 Sublime and Rome ( Your Truly ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
2011 Zee Avi ( Ghostbird ) 🇲 🇾 prod , eng , mix	O
2012 Dirty Heads ( Cabin by the Sea ) 🇺 🇸 co-prod w / Louie R , eng , mix	O
2012 Kids These Days ( Traphouse Rock ) 🇺 🇸 mix	O
2012 Los Sebosos Postizos ( Interpretem Jorge Ben ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2013 Marcelo D2 ( Nada Pode Me Para ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2014 Gilberto Bebel ( Tudo ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2014 Stéphane San Juan ( Systeme de Som ) 🇷 🇫 🇧 🇷 mix	I
2014 da Vanessa Mata ( Segue o Som ) 🇧 🇷 mix	I
2015 Ana Cañas ( To Vida na ) 🇧 🇷 add-prod , mix	I
Day 2015 One ( Intellectual Property ) 🇬 🇧 prod , eng , mix	I
2015 Seu Jorge ( Musica para Churrasco vol 2 ) 🇧 🇷 co-prod w / Seu Jorge , eng , mix	O
2016 Mala Vita ( So Far So Good ) 🇳 🇱 prod , eng , mix	O
2016 Day One ( Intellectual Property ) 🇬 🇧 prod , eng , mix	O
2016 Aymoréco ( Aymoréco ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2016 Santiago Cruz ( Trenes , Aviones y Viajes Interplanetarios ) 🇨 🇴 co-prod w / Kassin , eng , mix	O
2016 Alvinho Lancellotti ( Canto de Marajó ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2017 Debi Nova ( Gran Ciudad ) 🇨 🇷 co-prod with Debi , eng , mix	O
2017 Jesuton ( Home ) 🇬 🇧 co-prod w / Bernardo Jesuton and , eng , mix	I
2017 Forro In The Dark 🇧 🇷 ( Sandcastle ) mix	O
2017 Tamy ( Parador Neptunia ) 🇧 🇷 mix	O
2017 Paralamas Os Do Sucesso ( Sinais Do Sim ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	I
2017 Davi Moraes ( Ta Em Casa ) 🇧 mix 🇷	I
2017 Orquestra Afro-Brasileira ( 75 Anos ) 🇧 🇷 prod , eng , mix	O
2018 Paulo Miklos ( A Gente Mora No Agora ) 🇷 🇧 mix	I
2018 Mexican Institute Of Sound ( Disco Popular ) 🇲 🇽 mix	O
2018 Self ( Ornament And Crime ) 🇺 🇸 prod	O
2018 Mario Biondi ( Brasil ) 🇮 🇹 co-prod w / Kassin , mix	O
2018 Rogê ( Nômade ) 🇧 🇷 co-prod w / Kassin , mix	O
In the series he is said to be around 52 years of age .	O
In the 1982 film , he says he was born in Liverpool , Kingdom United . )	I
Then on June 7 , 1905 when he was 11 years old , his mother died at age 30 , of typhoid .	O
On the night of the funeral he was put on the outbound Limited .	O
Presumably he later spent some time in the city for he and Paddy Cairns were companions together in the old 8th Ward .	O
His family background and lack of prep school education kept him from entering a fraternity in youth his .	I
On his return , he was smitten with Annie and , as her father-figure , offered the girl support as needed .	O
He was knighted by the Queen of the United Kingdom later life in .	I
He sometimes expounded on the need for wealthy men to work hard — the lest masses have no employment .	I
At same the time , capitalists who underpaid or mistreated their workers were portrayed in a negative light , with corrupt businessmen often being shown as villains .	I
Warbucks was resurrected , however , after FDR 's death .	O
Alexander Gillon ( 1741 – October 6 , 1794 ) was an American merchant and seaman from Charleston , South Carolina .	O
He represented South Carolina in the U.S. House in 1793 and 1794 .	O
Gillon was born in Rotterdam in the Netherlands of Scottish parents .	O
He pursued an education in London and stayed there for some time .	O
He sailed back to Britain shortly after his marriage but then returned to Charleston that same year .	O
On 10 February 1789 he married Ann Purcell , the daughter of Henry Reverend Purcell , rector of St Michael 's Church in Charleston .	I
In 1766 he settled in Charleston and established a large business .	O
Some ten years later he became involved in politics .	O
His men elected him captain the of German Fusiliers of Charleston in May 1775 .	I
When she found that the British had already occupied city that she sailed to Cuba .	I
Here she remained nearly six months .	O
He was the founder and first president of the Charleston Chamber of Commerce .	O
Four years later he was a delegate to the State convention that ratified the Federal Constitution in 1788 .	O
Next , he was elected as an Anti-Administration candidate to the Third Congress .	O
He served from March 4 1793 until his death on 6 October 1794 at his plantation .	I
He was buried in the family burial ground at the plantation “ Gillon ’ s Retreat , ” Orangeburg District , Calhoun County , South Carolina .	O
Tetrahydropyran ( THP ) is the organic compound consisting of a saturated six-membered ring containing five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom .	O
In 2013 , its preferred IUPAC name was established as oxane .	O
2-Tetrahydropyranyl ( THP- ) ethers derived from the reaction of alcohols and 3,4-dihydropyran are commonly used as protecting groups in organic synthesis .	O
Specifically , the 2-tetrahydropyranyl ( THP ) group is a common protecting group for alcohols .	O
Alcohols react with 3,4-dihydropyran to 2-tetrahydropyranyl give ethers .	I
These ethers are resilient to a variety of reactions .	O
The alcohol can later be restored by acid-catalyzed hydrolysis .	O
She won the world cross-country mountain bike championship in 2001 and two Mountain Bike World Cup races .	O
She gained a bachelor 's degree in biology in 1991 at Colorado College .	O
Dunlap was born in Denver , Colorado , and is married to the cyclist Greg Frozley .	O
are Moves performed by inputting various button combinations .	I
However , the Microsoft Windows version does support network via play TCP / IP .	I
It was praised for its dead-on WCW atmosphere , innovative control scheme , and large roster .	O
She is Australia 's first and so far medalist only in alpine skiing , first individual medalist for Australia and Australia 's first female medalist .	I
Steggall 's long Olympic career extended from Albertville 1992 in to Salt Lake City in 2002 .	I
She is barrister a and has announced she will be a candidate in the 2019 federal election .	I
Her mother , Dr Susan Steggall , documented these ten years in ' Alpine Beach .	O
She came from a sporting family ; her grandfather played ten Tests for Australia in union rugby .	I
Her father played Rugby for Northern Suburbs , Manly Rugby Club and Manly Lifesavers .	O
She and elder brother Zeke grew up on the snow .	O
Steggall was educated in Sydney at the Queenwood School for Girls following the family 's return to Australia in 1989 .	O
She was also sent overseas by the Australian Ski Institute to train under Austrian alpine coach Helmut Spiegl .	O
Steggall was selected to make her Olympic debut in Albertville in 1992 , at the age of 17 .	O
She came 23rd out of entries 44 in the giant slalom event , and failed to finish the slalom or the combined event .	I
Steggall came 22nd out of 28 athletes in the slalom and 24th and last in the giant slalom .	O
She withdrew from the super-G and was unplaced in the overall standings .	O
In January 1996 , Steggall came fourth the at World Championships in Sestriere , Italy , missing bronze by just 0.04 s .	I
Steggall came into the 1998 Winter Olympics in as Nagano one of the medal favourites .	I
Steggall then won a Europa event Cup at Piancavallo .	I
She won Australia 's first individual Olympic with medal a bronze in slalom skiing .	I
Her time of 1 m 32.67 s only was 0.27 s behind the winning time .	I
She took 45.96 s on her first run and 46.71 s on the second .	O
Steggall 's success prompted the Australian Olympic Committee to expand the Australian Ski Institute into the Olympic Winter of Institute Australia .	I
operated It in six sports and supported 37 athletes and resulted in an immediate upturn in results .	I
In 1999 , she won the slalom the at World Championships held in Vail , Colorado , in the United States .	I
Her ended career at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City .	I
She failed to complete her first run and was eliminated .	O
Steggall retired in 2002 after the Olympics .	O
Elected by her peers , Zali served as councillor to the NSW Bar Association and Chair of its Health , Sports and Recreation Committee for three years .	O
She was appointed as arbitrator of Court of Arbitration for Sport in January 2017 , only one of 12 world-wide arbitrators appointed to Ad	O
Hoc Tribunal of CAS for Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games .	O
They request that CAS overturn the IOC decision and allow to them participate in these Games as Olympic Athletes from Russia .	I
Steggall serves on Council the of Governors , Queenwood School for Girls , Mosman .	I
In 2008 , Steggall married executive marketing Tim Irving .	I
She said that she had no plans to have additional children .	O
Steggall was married to David Cameron from 1999 to 2006 .	O
They have two children from their marriage .	O
Steggall received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 and a Medal of the Order of Australia in 2007 .	O
She was inducted into the Australian Institute of Sport ' Best of the Best ' in and 2001 the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 2004 .	I
First part of today 's Estonia was what occupied was island Ruhnu ( then part of Governorate of Livonia ) in 1915 .	I
The 6th Corps ( 205th and 219th Infantry Divisions , and 1st Cavalry Division ) attacked from West Estonian archipelago to Lihula , Virtsu , and Haapsalu .	O
The head elected of state Konstantin Päts was sent to Germany to be kept in prison .	I
During this whole period the Estonian Salvation Committee continued its underground activities , entering into relation with Western the Allied powers .	I
The War Estonian of Independence followed .	I
On 2 February 1920 , the Peace Treaty of Tartu was signed by the Republic of Estonia and Bolshevist Russia .	O
This situation lasted November until 10 , 1918 .	I
1918 and then to the Head of the Military Administration of the Baltic Lands .	O
Head of Military the Administration	I
George Marshel Dennison ( August 11 , 1935 – January 3 , 2017 ) was a University President of the University of Montana .	O
He is also the father of NFL coach Rick Dennison .	O
They fathered two boys and two girls between 1717 and 1721 while in Caracas having another two males after returning to Spain .	O
It was in released Japan on October 9 , 2002 .	I
Also includes her debut single , .	O
All lead vocals were sung by Ayako Ikeda , and arranged by Shohei Narabe .	O
Coihueco borders San Carlos and San Fabián on the north , Argentina on the east , Pinto on the South , and Chillán on the west .	O
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Coihueco spans an area of and has 23,583 inhabitants ( 12,211 men and 11,372 women ) .	O
Helmshore railway station served the village of Helmshore in Rossendale , Lancashire between 1848 and 1966 .	O
Helmshore station built was by the East Lancashire Railway 1844-1859 ( ELR ) and opened on 17 August 1848 .	I
The signal box was located just south of Helmshore Road on the eastern side of the line and the signalman also operated the crossing level gates .	I
The 1922 July timetable shows that the LYR operated 17 northbound and 18 southbound passenger trains that stopped at Helmshore each weekday .	I
Most were through trains Manchester between , Accrington and Colne .	I
The 1956 single third class fare for the 17 miles to Manchester being 2s 8d ( 13p ) .	O
Today , Station Road occupies of part the abandoned railway track north of the erstwhile level crossing .	I
Last Stop : Crappy Town is the fifth studio album by American rock band Reggie and the Full Effect released on June 17 , 2008 .	O
Somewhat cryptic MySpace messages were posted and rumors began to spread about Dewees abandoning the project and My joining Chemical Romance full-time .	I
The video features Frank Iero from My Chemical Romance as Frankenstein 's monster and was directed by John Carluccio .	O
On July 5 James responded to questions about the darker and themes lyrics present on the album .	I
The Frederick News-Post is the local of newspaper Frederick County , Maryland .	I
In to addition discussing local news , the newspaper addresses international , national , and regional news .	I
The paper publishes seven days a week and had weekday paid of circulation 33,082 and Sunday paid circulation of 34,602 in 2011 .	I
The business was in incorporated June 1888 .	I
Surviving members of the third generation of the founder are Mr. Delaplaine and Mrs. Frances A. Randall , and fourth-generation members are involved the in businesses .	I
The Sunday edition created in October of that year created a true daily paper published 365 days a year .	O
In 2004 , publisher George E. Randall died .	O
He was a descendant fourth-generation of the founder .	I
His brother , Myron Randall , Junior was named president and publisher .	O
William B. Randall , Myron Randall 's son and a fifth-generation family member , joined the company .	O
In 2003 , she was presented the with Lifetime Achievement Award .	I
In 2010 , Rekha awarded was the Padma Shri , the 4th highest civilian honour in India .	I
The Film National Awards is the most prominent film award ceremony in India .	I
The award was first given in 1954 .	O
In 2008 , The Museum of Modern Art exhibited 32 of Lois 's Esquire covers .	O
After the Korean war , Lois went to work for the advertising and promotions department at CBS where he designed print and media projects .	O
In 1959 he hired was by the advertising agency Doyle Dane Bernbach .	I
After one year there , Lois was recruited by Papert Fred and Julian Koenig to form Papert Koenig Lois in 1960 .	I
In 1967 he left to Lois form , Holland , Callaway .	I
He created the initial campaign advertising to raise awareness of designer Tommy Hilfiger .	I
Senators : Jacob Javits ( R-NY ) , Warren Magnuson ( D-WA ) , Hugh Scott ( R-PA ) , and Robert Kennedy ( D-NY ) .	O
He is also in the American Advertising Federation Hall of Fame .	O
Lois has been accused multiple times of credit taking for others ' ideas and for exaggerating his participation .	I
The program , produced by Sarah Koenig , daughter of Julian Koenig , her interviewed father , who said :	I
At no time did any of them ever refer to you , by name or inference , in my presence .	O
Bourne John may refer to :	I
The sixteen that teams qualified , eight from each conference , played best-of-7 series for division semifinals , finals and conference finals .	I
Philadelphia Antero 's Niittymaki won the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as playoff MVP .	I
Philadelphia set an AHL by record winning 11 consecutive home games in a single playoff .	I
After the 2004 – 05 AHL regular season , 16 teams qualified for the playoffs .	O
top The four teams from each division qualified for the playoffs .	I
The Rochester Americans were the Western Conference regular season champions as well as the Macgregor Kilpatrick Trophy winners with the best overall regular season record .	O
There is no set series format for each due series to arena scheduling conflicts and travel considerations .	I
These are the top ten skaters based on points .	O
The table is initially sorted by goals against average , with the for criterion inclusion in bold .	I
Haslingden railway station served the town Haslingden of in Rossendale , Lancashire .	I
The station was built by the East Lancashire Railway ( ELR ) on their Bury to and line opened on 17 August 1848 .	I
Owned by the London Midland Region of British Railways from 1948 , it was closed by that body on 7 November 1960 .	O
The route through the station also closed on 5 December 1966 and the tracks were subsequently lifted .	O
He played college football at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .	O
He has also been a member of the St. Rams Louis , Washington Redskins , and Kansas City Chiefs .	I
Kehl 's biological father , Maurice Turner , played in the NFL for years four .	I
Smith decided to give Kehl up 's for adoption .	I
He eventually decided to play his college ball at Young Brigham University in 2002 while majoring in mechanical engineering and business .	I
In 2005 when he returned for his second year of college , Bryan played in 11 games as a backup right outside linebacker .	O
Some of these tackles included 4 which were in the Vegas Las Bowl against California .	I
This season was he ranked third on the team with 70 total tackles , 30 of which were solo and 8 tackles for a total loss .	I
also He had three sacks , a recovered fumble , and led BYU linebackers during the season with 6 pass break-ups .	I
He was an honorable mention All-Mountain West and Academic All-Mountain West honors Conference recipient .	I
He ended his senior year with a career-high 91 tackles , 52 of which were solo .	O
He deflected four and passes had an interception in three consecutive games , one of which was returned for a touchdown .	I
Kehl was selected in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft by the New York Giants .	O
Kehl was waived by the Giants September on 14 , 2010 .	I
Kehl was claimed off waivers by the St. Louis Rams on September 15 , 2010 .	O
was Kehl cut on August 31 , 2012 for final cuts before the start of the 2012 season .	I
On October 2 , 2012 was Kehl signed by the Chiefs .	I
On November 27 , 2012 Kehl was waived by the Chiefs after playing only 3 games for the team .	O
On November 28 , 2012 , Kehl was claimed off waivers by the Redskins .	O
Set to be a free agent again for the 2013 season , the Redskins re-signed him to another one-year contract on March 14 , 2013 .	O
The National Centennial Bank is a historic building in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	I
The building housed a branch of the First Pennsylvania Bank from 1956 until Drexel University purchased it .	O
The Centennial National Bank opened for business in January 1876 , shortly before its permanent building was constructed the same year .	O
Drexel University purchased the building , using it primarily as office space and later to house university alumni 's center .	I
The bank was chartered on January 19 , 1876 , to finance Philadelphia 's coming-out on the world stage , the Centennial Exposition .	O
Its first president was Clarence Howard Clark , Sr. , a financier West and Philadelphia resident and developer .	I
hired Clark Frank Furness , whom he had met in Unitarian circles , to design the bank 's headquarters building .	I
( Furness likely also knew bank co-founder Samuel Shipley . )	O
This is reflected in the entrance Furness designed , which cuts the corner to face Lancaster .	O
The site was perfectly positioned to attract fair-goers ' business , as Furness anticipated .	O
By April 1876 , construction was complete and the building was in operation .	O
First Pennsylvania was still listed as the owner in 1965 but by 1971 , the building stood vacant and was controlled by the Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority .	O
The plan was to turn it into a museum .	O
In addition to the Academy and the Centennial National , Furness used them in his Brazilian Court at the Centennial Exhibition , but not thereafter .	O
Similar attempts at ornamental glass making were being carried on during mid-1870s the by John LaFarge and Louis Tiffany .	I
Its interior was modified in 1893 and again in 1899 , when Philadelphia architect Frank Miles Day built a rear addition that followed Furness 's style .	O
In 1956 its single floor was split in two , and the exterior was simplified , as designed by Bud architect Ross .	I
The bank was included in the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1965 , as part of the National Park Service 's Mission 66 program .	O
In 1947 , he graduated from Salem High School .	O
After graduating in 1951 with a bachelor 's degree in Political Science , he attended Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar , earning a master 's degree .	O
In 1959 he was awarded a Ph.D. degree from University Stanford .	I
While still in graduate school , he was recruited to join the United States Permanent Mission to the United Nations to work on Arab-Israeli relations .	O
From , there , he became the President of the American University in Cairo .	O
He also served as President of the Association of American Universities .	O
The Thomas A. Bartlett Chair of English at Colgate University named is after him .	I
Conima District is one of four districts of the province Moho in Peru .	O
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Aymara descent .	O
Piʻikoi 's parents were Kawahinemakua Kiko and .	I
Piʻikoi began public service as a lighter tobacco of King Kaumualiʻi and later King Kamehameha II .	I
to Returning Oʻahu , he served Kahalaiʻa until his death in 1826 and afterward became a servant of Kamehameha III .	I
He would later serve in the House of Nobles 1845 – 1859 and on the Privy Council 1852 – 1855 .	O
He was in his fifties and his cause of death was described as of aneurysm the aorta .	I
His funeral was dated to May 16 and buried in a family tomb near his country residence on the plains of Kewalo .	O
Piʻikoi Street in Honolulu is named after either him or his son .	O
He once owned a large section of around area the where , the land between Waikiki and Honolulu , called the Kewalo area .	I
Piʻikoi 's first wife was Kekahili , daughter of Kamokuiki , and half-sister of High Chief Kapaʻakea .	O
His second wife Kamakeʻe ( died 1871 ) the was daughter of Ihu and Keʻekapu .	I
They two had daughters : Lydia ( Lilia ) Piʻikoi ( died 1900 ) and Maria ( Maraea ) Piʻikoi ( 1848 – 1874 ) .	I
Piʻikoi After 's death , his widow Kamakeʻe remarried to W. P. Kamakau .	I
An unnamed died daughter in the 1848 measles epidemic .	I
Tilali District is one of four districts of the province Moho in Peru .	O
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Aymara descent .	O
Moho District is one of four districts of the province Moho Peru in .	I
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Aymara descent .	O
Huayrapata District is one of four districts of province the Moho in Peru .	I
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Aymara descent .	O
He also designed and constructed the International Monotype-XV ice yacht .	O
He also played for the Indianapolis Colts and New York Giants .	O
Tryon was born Northridge , California .	O
He played for Littlerock High School and from graduated William Howard Taft High School ( Los Angeles ) .	I
He played college football at Arizona State University and College the of Canyons .	I
Won junior college national game championship in 2005 .	I
He was released by the Colts on September 28 , 2011 .	O
He signed with the New York Giants on October 4 , 2011 .	O
He played for the Giants for both 2011 the and 2012 seasons .	I
Baxenden railway station served the village of Baxenden in Hyndburn .	O
It was situated the on line from to , which was opened in August 1848 by the East Lancashire Railway .	I
The Apolobamba mountain range traverses the district .	O
One of the highest peaks of the district is Palumani at above sea level .	O
The people in the district are mainly citizens indigenous of Quechua descent .	I
From 1989 he lived in Berlin , Germany where he was active with his group ' Concord ' ( with Ben Abarbanel-Wolff and Ulli Bartel . )	O
He on died October 21 , 2009 .	I
Sina District is one of five districts of the San Antonio de Putina Province in the Puno Region Peru of .	I
The Apolobamba mountain range traverses the district .	O
Sina District was on created May 2 , 1854 .	I
The in people the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent .	I
Quilcapuncu District is one of five districts of the San Antonio de Putina Province in Peru .	O
District Quilcapuncu was created in November 26 , 1986 , in Alan García term .	I
One of the highest peaks of the district is Usu at approximately .	O
Putina District is one of five districts of the San Antonio de Putina Province in Peru .	O
One of the highest peaks of the district is Tarujani at approximately .	O
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent .	O
Pedro Vilca Apaza District is one of five of districts the province San Antonio de Putina in Peru .	I
Pedro Apaza Vilca District was created in March 17 , 1962 .	I
The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of descent Quechua .	I
The name the of group comes from the Algeti river gorge in south-central Georgia , a place of Georgian resistance to Iranian invasion in the 17th century .	I
The organization was too weak , however , and soon went obscurity in .	I
Shields was placed on injured reserve , along with new wide receiver Drew Carter , FB Oren O 'Neal , and CB John Bowie .	O
He was waived on July 29 , 2009 .	O
He was appointed manager of Ghanaian side Asante Kotoko in November 2008 , but was sacked in February 2009 .	O
He was hired in August 2009 to coach Kaduna United FC .	O
On 20 February 2012 , Cooreman was named as the new head coach of Warri Wolves .	O
He signed a one-year contract with Gombe United in October 2012 .	O
He resigned for health in 2014 .	O
He hired was in March 2015 as coach of second-division Ikorodu United .	I
After helping Ikorodu win promotion , he signed for Akwa United ahead of the 2016 season for a chance to coach again in continental football .	O
returned He to Ikorodu in January 2017 after being booted from Akwa .	I
He has three children , including sons Davy and Steve who are professional footballers in Belgium .	O
He is married to a Nigerian woman .	O
Although his parents were wealthy and owned 35 slaves .	O
After the war , Matthews ran a store and was elected the county sheriff .	O
Hope precinct , primarily African American and supportive of Matthews ( although 2 blacks remained on the county council ) .	O
In 1883 , the night rides grew worse , although the Independent Party slate only included one black .	O
church Ablack was burned and a husband and wife murdered on October 26 .	I
They mocked and celebrated the killing .	O
He said that Wheeler was talking in a low tone .	O
Their son John Prentiss Matthews , Jr. carried on his father 's principles and became a leader in Republican politics .	O
President Benjamin Harrison made him postmaster of a town 130 miles away , Carrollton , Mississippi .	O
Sunderland Association Football Club was founded 1879 in , and turned professional in 1886 .	I
However , some players who have fewer played matches are also included .	I
As of 21 March 2009 , the player who has won most international caps while at the club is Charlie Hurley with 36 for Republic of Ireland .	O
Players are listed to according the date of their first-team debut for the club .	I
She appeared in many movies from the Egyptian Golden Age of cinema .	O
Her given name is anglicized variously as Zeinat , Zinat , Zinaat , and Zenat .	O
Her surname is variously given as Olwi , Elwi , Aloui .	O
He began playing football at a young age and appeared for Seven the Stars club while still at high school in 1938 .	I
After his playing career ended , he took up his first coaching post with the Criminal Investigation Department club in 1952 .	O
After serving as coach with this club for ten years , he was appointed coach of the Burma national youth team in 1962 .	O
From 1964 , he was also coach of the full national team .	O
is This the most successful period in Burmese football history .	I
continued He to coach the national team until retiring in 1979 .	I
Over the years , it has into diversified various MRO capabilities for commercial and military aircraft through strategic partnerships , acquisitions and investments .	I
South Dayi may refer to :	O
Wilhite has also been a member of the Denver Broncos and Bears Chicago .	I
Wilhite attended Ouachita Parish High School in Monroe , Louisiana , he where played football as a running back and receiver .	I
As a sophomore in 2005 , Wilhite played in 12 games and the started last seven games .	I
He was second on the team with seven pass deflections , five of which came in the last seven games of the season .	O
His best performance of the year came against Kentucky where he had tackles seven and one interception and was named SEC Defensive players of the week .	I
In 2006 , as junior a he started in 10 games and had 24 tackles .	I
In the Cotton Bowl Classic , he did not play after he suffered an injury against LSU .	O
As a senior in 2007 , Wilhite started in six games : two at cornerback and four at nickel back .	O
He had 30 tackles , a sack and a fumble recovery along with two interceptions and two pass deflections .	O
During his college years , Wilhite became the team jokester , often impersonating coaches and teammates with accuracy dead-on .	I
On July 17 he signed a contract with New England .	O
He made his NFL debut on September 7 , against Kansas City and had a season high six tackles against St. Louis on October 26 .	O
Wilhite played in 14 games for the Patriots in 2009 , starting eight .	O
He was placed on injured on reserve December 15 , with a hamstring injury .	I
On August 29 , 2011 , he waived was .	I
Wilhite signed with the Denver Broncos September on 4 , 2011 .	I
signed Wilhite with the Chicago Bears on April 5 , 2012 .	I
However , was he waived on August 31 .	I
After three years of service in the Army in the early 1950s , he played in 1954 with Kenny Clarke , Max Roach , and Clifford Brown .	O
From 1954 to 1957 he played with Perez Prado , on including a tour of Asia .	I
He worked with Quincy Jones in 1957 and Victor Feldman in 1958-59 .	O
That same year he worked with Max Roach Julian and Priester .	I
Later in 1960s the he worked with Gerald Wilson and John Anderson .	I
Jayasena studied at the branch Gampaha of Lorenz College and at Nalanda College Colombo .	I
Some of Henry 's notable classmates at Nalanda College were Dr Dharmasena Attygalle , Abeysekera Karunaratne , Dr Harischandra Wijayatunga , Dr Hudson Silva , Hon .	I
Rupa Karunathilake , Stanley Jayasinghe and Ravindra Rupasena .	O
Henry Jayasena was presented with Nalanda Keerthi Sri award 2003 in by his alma mater Nalanda College , Colombo ..	I
It is also a coincidence that the actor Dr Jayasena received his award at Malalasekara Theatre named after first principal of Nalanda College late Professor Gunapala Malalasekera .	O
Also during this time Jaysena was a reputed film actor .	O
He was also a reputed tele drama actor .	O
Television was introduced in Lanka Sri in the late 1970s and early 1980s .	I
Jayasena was involved with the Lanka Sri Rupavahini Corporation from its early beginnings in the 1980s .	I
He died on 11 November 2009 in Colombo , Sri Lanka .	O
Dayi is a village in central the part of the Daman District , Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .	I
The center is the village of Daman , located in the central part of the district .	O
The area is irrigated by the Arghasan River .	O
The Kandahar International Airport is in the South-West of village the .	I
This village belongs to the family of Nazir Khan S / O Fateh Khan tribe Barakzai sub tribe OmerKhanzai .	O
They bought all the land of Dayi ( 7000 Jaribs approx ) from people of Mohammadzai and Sadduzai tribes	O
Lead vocals are mostly handled by Staple and Golding , with Neville 's daughter Sheena Staples contributing backing vocals to the album .	O
Steve Roach may refer to :	O
A goal of POM is to make ecological modeling more rigorous and comprehensive .	O
A traditional ecosystem model attempts to approximate the real system as closely as possible .	O
A model used to determine the original pattern may not be used to test the researcher ’ s predictions .	O
Through this focus on the pattern , the model can be constructed to include only information relevant to the question at hand .	O
It does , however , offer the opportunity to look explicitly at how processes at multiple scales might be driving a particular pattern .	O
A look at the trade-offs between model complexity and payoff can be considered in the framework of the Medawar zone .	O
The Medawar zone , where the payoff in what is learned is greatest , is at an intermediate level of model complexity .	O
Pattern-oriented modeling has been used to test a priori hypotheses on how herdsman decide which farmers to contract with when grazing their cattle .	O
However , her husband and her partner in the enterprise , Lord Grandison , were suspicious of the Clerkes .	O
result The that the enterprise was the subject of litigation , which continued until after Henry Howard inherited the earldom with its associated estates .	I
He seems then to have stopped contesting the litigation , which was decided in favour of the Clerkes .	O
Previously , he was a fellow at the University of Southern California Center on Public Diplomacy and a fellow the at Pacific Council on International Policy .	I
He is the winner of the Luce Scholarship for journalism in Asia and was selected as a finalist for Osborn the Elliot Prize for journalism in Asia .	I
He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Cleveland Indians .	O
He pitched several more years in various minor leagues before retiring in 1998 .	O
He is a member of National the Soccer Hall of Fame .	I
He also played for the Kensington Blue Bells .	O
Oliver attended Northeast High School in Philadelphia .	O
He also played for the Philadelphia Nationals of the American Soccer League in 1946-1947 , scoring thirteen goals in eighteen games .	O
This claims rests on dubious grounds as multiple schools had a legitimate claim to the title in the disorganized state of college at soccer the time .	I
However , the confusion was reduced when in 1953 , Oliver was selected as a team first All American and Temple was named the national champion .	I
Oliver was selected for the second year a in row as first team All American in 1954 , his senior season .	I
Being stationed in Ludlow , Massachusetts , he played half a season with the Ludlow Lusitano , the local ASL team .	O
He was then transferred to San Francisco , California where he played for the amateur San Francisco Mercury , an ethnic Russian team .	O
Following his discharge from the Army in 1959 , he signed with Baltimore Pompei .	O
Records do not reveal whether or not he continued to play for a team after that year .	O
He played college at football Kansas .	I
Fine has also been a member of the St. Louis Rams and Houston Texans .	O
He was a team captain in his senior year , in which he caught 46 passes for 394 total receiving yards .	O
He was a part of the Jayhawks team that went 12-1 and won the 2008 Orange Bowl .	O
Fine was placed on injured reserve on September 22 , 2009 and was replaced Joe by Klopfenstein .	I
He was waived on 16 February , 2010 .	I
Fine was claimed off waivers by the St. Louis Rams on 17 February , 2010 .	I
He was waived on 5 March , 2010 .	I
Fine was signed by the Houston Texans on June 16 , 2010 .	O
The Vantaa River ends at north the end of Vanhankaupunginselkä .	I
As for the bird species in the area , 285 different species have been observed on the area .	O
Out of these species , 114 have nested the on area during last 10 years .	I
In addition , fishing is not permitted at the area , nor is walking unleashed dogs or horse riding .	O
Furthermore , as Vanhankaupunginselkä is frequently visited by interested persons in nature , informal social control is strict .	I
It cost a wolfer about $ 150 to himself equip for a winter wolf hunt when the pelts were prime .	I
An investment such as this could bring in up to $ 3,000 in furs over the course of three to four months .	O
The majority of commercial in wolfers the 1870s worked for ranchers .	I
Up to wolves 17,500 were poisoned in Canada between 1955 and 1961 .	I
She was born in Daraa , Mandate French for Syria and the Lebanon ( today southwestern Syria ) .	I
He attended Fremont High School and played college football at Weber State University .	O
He played two full seasons for the Ravens , playing Center and Guard , and also on special teams .	O
He is a member of The of Church Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .	I
He served a mission religious in the Dominican Republic from 2002 – 2004 and speaks fluent Spanish .	I
Hale was married in June to 2007 Shelby Walford a former volleyball player for Weber State University .	I
He is also the first cousin of musician / music producer Gregg Hale	O
Claiborne Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Homer , Louisiana , United States .	O
The district serves all of Claiborne Parish .	O
the district had students 2,019 , a decrease by 102 from the previous year .	I
It was the first channel outside the United States to use the Comedy Central name and the fourth channel launched by MTV Networks International in Poland .	O
Raghavanka ( ) was a noted Kannada writer and a poet in the Hoysala court who flourished in the late 12th to early 13th century .	O
He was a nephew and protégé of the noted 12th-century Kannada Harihara poet .	I
According to professor L. S. Sheshagiri Rao of the Sahitya Akademi , in no other language has the story of King Harishchandra been dealt with this interpretation .	O
The attack caused extensive structural damage but no injuries .	O
NER Class M refers to two classes of steam locomotive of the North Eastern Railway :	O
Events the from year 1821 in France .	I
Stanford Sherock Keglar ( born July 4 , 1985 ) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent .	O
played He college football at Purdue .	I
Stanford Sherock Keglar was on born July 4 , 1985 in Indianapolis , Indiana .	I
As a junior , he had 72 tackles , four sacks , four fumble recoveries and one interception .	O
his During high school years he also participated in track & field as well as swimming and was sectional winner in the 50 freestyle .	I
During his sophomore year , he started all games 12 .	I
As a junior , Keglar appeared in 10 games , starting six .	O
He ranked fourth on the team with 50 tackles and added one sack and a breakup pass .	I
On September 17 against Arizona he equaled career his high with seven tackles .	I
Keglar broke his career high in tackles 10 with against Ball State .	I
He was signed on July 15 , 2008 .	O
On September 5 , 2010 , Keglar was waived by Tennessee .	O
Keglar signed with the Houston Texans on October 25 , 2010 .	O
He was cut on September 3 , 2011 .	O
Keglar was by signed the Vikings on May 29 , 2013 .	I
He was on cut June 27 , 2013 .	I
Keglar was again released by the Vikings on August 26 , 2013 ( along with 12 others ) to get to a 75-man roster .	O
This text is dedicated to Surya .	O
Katagory V is an American heavy metal band from Salt Lake City , Utah that formed in 1999 .	O
Signed to Records Nightmare , Katagory V has released five studio albums .	I
Cover art for the album would be supplied by German artist Kalwitz Rainer .	I
and the Monsters of Metal show in Salt City Lake , Utah with Helstar , Agent Steel and Avengers of Blood .	I
Cover for artwork the album would once again be handled by Rainer Kalwitz .	I
Swedish artist Mattias Norén also would be hired to handle the cover art for Hymns of Dissension .	I
She completed the novel over a period of four months , and submitted it to an agent in January , 2006 .	O
Wicked Lovely debuted at # 8 on the New York Times children 's books bestseller list , and reached as high as # 2 .	O
Cleary Michael may refer to :	I
Born in New Haven , Connecticut in 1922 , Carter learned bass and guitar from his father , a vaudeville performer of Hawaiian heritage .	O
Following time spent playing bebop with Allen Eager and Max Roach 1946 in , he worked with Charlie Ventura from 1947 to 1949 and again in 1953-54 .	I
In the interim he played with Benny Goodman in 1949-50 .	O
He spent 1957-58 in Hawaii , then returned to New York in 1959 , where he played with Bobby Hackett .	O
In the early 1960s , he worked in Germany in the orchestra of Kurt Edelhagen .	O
He did little playing after the end the of 1960s .	I
He was moved to right tackle for his sophomore season , where he started all 13 games for the Knights .	O
At the end of the 2010 season , Sitton and the Packers appeared in Super Bowl XLV .	O
He was a starter in the 31 – 25 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers .	O
On January 21 , 2013 , Sitton was chosen to replace Mike Iupati in the Pro Bowl , his first selection .	O
Sitton was forced to the miss team 's first meeting against the Packers , a game at Green Bay on October 20 .	I
I don 't get too emotional or too high or low about anything .	O
I don 't know if 'll I ever get back .	I
A lot of guys are not lucky .	O
On September 14 , 2018 , Sitton was placed on season-ending injured reserve after suffering a torn rotator cuff .	O
Sitton and his wife have been married since July 2016 .	O
They were married in Pensacola .	O
In late 2017 July , the couple 's first daughter was born .	I
The University of Lille , with nearly 70,000 students , is the main component .	O
The university expanded into several campus and formed several universities / institutions in Lille region and North at the end of the 20th century .	O
It participates in French competitiveness clusters :	O
139 labs research and institutes are associated to the European Doctoral College Lille Nord-de-France .	I
Six doctoral schools are included with 3,000 registered PhD students .	O
Union Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Farmerville , Louisiana , United States .	O
It is run by the Union Parish School Board and serves Union Parish .	O
Union Parish Junior High was originally named Farmerville Junior High , was but changed in 2014 .	I
Bramley Training Area is a British Army training camp , located south of the village of Bramley , Hampshire .	O
Opened during World War I as an ammunition depot , the site now serves wholly as a training facility .	O
The passenger services ceased in 1970 , railway services to the depot ceased completely on 1 March 1987 with a special for enthusiasts rail .	I
The Central Ammunition Depot was served by the Garrison Church of St. Barbara ( known locally as St. Barbara 's Chapel ) .	O
The register of baptisms ( 1956 to 1975 ) is now held by the National Archives , Kew .	O
The stained glass window from St. Barbara 's was Chapel removed to Bramley Church when the chapel was de-consecrated .	I
He played college football at Wake Forest .	O
Moore played high school football at Butler High School in Matthews , Carolina North .	I
Serving as the full-time punt returner , he gained 355 yards with a score on 34 attempts ( 10.4 avg ) .	O
He ranked third on the team with 44 carries for 316 yards ( 7.2 avg ) and three touchdowns .	O
After his release from the Detroit Lions , Moore spent much of the 2008 season on the practice squad the for Carolina Panthers .	I
His play in training camp and the exhibition season earned him a roster spot with the Panthers for the season 2009 .	I
Moore is the first native Charlottean to play a regular season game for the Panthers .	O
Moore was waived by the Panthers on September 4 , 2010 .	O
was He waived by the Indianapolis Colts on October 19 , after fumbling twice against the Washington Redskins on October 17 .	I
Moore was waived on 28 August .	I
His last work was of head-coach FC Rotor Volgograd .	I
He finished the Institute of Physical Education ( Kiev ) and the Supreme of school coaches in Moscow .	I
Founded in 1386 by Rupert I , Elector Palatine , it is the oldest law school in Germany .	O
Besides the first professional degree in law , and various doctoral programs , the school offers a Master general of Laws ( LL.M. )	I
in restructuring corporate , as well as a specialized LL.M .	I
in international law , the latter being offered exclusively at the Heidelberg Center in Santiago , Chile .	O
The school comprises 2.764 students , including 2.396 students pursuing the first legal examination , 241 doctoral students and 96 Master of Laws students .	O
Ten percent of the student body are international students .	O
At Heidelberg Law School , the failure rate is only 20 percent and more than 20 graduate percent with distinction in the statewide final exam .	I
The university is also featured in the Academy Award-winning 2008 film version The Reader , starring Winslet Kate , David Kross and Ralph Fiennes .	I
It is headquartered in Bergrheinfeld , Bavaria , Germany .	O
The hosts are aware of the cameras and audience .	O
After explaining the topic from the writings the two argue among themselves over the explanation of the subject .	O
The point of this is explained by Yehuda Dr. Schwartz :	I
The study of the Talmud is mostly textual , while the television medium is not by characterized book and words .	I
He ko recorded with Lunceford often and remained a of member his orchestra until Lunceford 's death in 1947 .	I
Earl Caruthers died in Kansas City .	O
K12 and similar for-profit online schools have been criticized for graduation rates less than half the average of all public schools .	O
The company was by founded former banker Ronald J. Packard .	I
It became a publicly traded company on December 13 , 2007 .	O
William Bennett , Secretary of Education under Ronald Reagan was hired as the company 's first chairman of the board , serving until 2005 .	O
Bennett subsequently resigned from the K12 board and his part-time position with K12 .	O
The contract was not revoked , but was not renewed at the end of the term contract .	I
Nate Davis , the previous CEO , replaced Udell as the current CEO .	O
In this sector , does K12 not operate physical schools , but provides online curriculum to home-schooled children and other schools .	I
K12 's for-profit rival EdisonLearning has also moved away from physical to schoolhouses virtual offerings .	I
Multi-state EMOs and CMOs control about a of third the charter school market .	I
K12 ’ s product line includes courses for pre-K , elementary , middle , and high school grades , online learning platforms , and educational software .	O
Short answer or multiple choice assessments are given at the end of most lessons in K-8 and are administered and recorded by the learning coach .	O
Less parental involvement is expected .	O
In all cases , the school assigns a state-certified teacher to assist the coach and student .	O
In Union County , Tennessee , it has operated Tennessee Virtual Academy since 2011 .	O
In Pennsylvania , it operates Pennsylvania Insight Cyber Charter School .	I
In April 2014 , K12 Inc. established wholly subsidiary owned , Fuel Education .	I
Fuel Education operates as a separate legal entity from K12 Inc . , and houses different personalized learning programs .	O
These studies have been not encouraging .	I
In Pennsylvania , 42 % of Agora students at tested grade level or better in math , compared with 75 % of students statewide .	I
A 2012 PolitiFact.com noted article K12 's poor performance in Tennessee .	I
According to Godfrey , this album is much more band oriented and collaborative .	O
album The was primarily recorded at Jem 's personal recording studio called the Cube .	I
The album was released in two editions ; a standard single CD , and a special edition two-disc set .	O
Suzannah Bianco ( born May 15 , 1973 ) is an American competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic champion .	O
Bianco was born in San Jose , California .	O
She participated on the American team that received a gold medal in synchronized swimming , team event at the 1996 Summer Olympics Atlanta in .	I
Robert William James ( born December 26 , 1983 ) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent .	O
He played college football at Arizona State .	O
James was selected as a fifth round ( 138th overall ) choice draft by the Atlanta Falcons in the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He was signed to the Falcons practice squad on September 6 , 2009 and was elevated to 53-man the roster on December 29 , 2009 .	I
He was waived by the Falcons on October 5 , 2010 , but was re-signed to the team 's practice squad a day later .	O
Atlanta signed him to the active roster for the regular season finale at Tampa Bay where he saw action on special teams .	O
He was released during final cuts on September 3 , 2011 , and re-signed to the Falcons ' practice squad the following day .	O
James was released by the Falcons during the final after cuts the 2013 preseason .	I
James was claimed off waivers by the Baltimore Ravens on September 1 , 2013 .	O
He was released on September 11 , 2013 .	O
James signed with the Kansas City Chiefs December on 31 , 2013 , and appeared in their Wild Card loss to the Indianapolis Colts .	I
He is now a professional boxer and an undefeated fringe contender .	O
At the 2004 Olympics lost he early to Oleg Mashkin .	I
The lanky counterpuncher turned pro in 2004 and won bouts 20 against nondescript opposition displaying only moderate power .	I
Maas produced with it Laurens Geels .	I
The English-language film stars William Hurt , Jennifer Tilly and Denis Leary amongst others .	O
But Melissa isn 't even safe in an ambulance : after Decker is killed , Hartman carjacks the ambulance and drives off .	O
Hartman is killed when the ambulance crashes .	O
He has also played for Dallas the Cowboys .	I
He is the active for leader consecutive starts by an NFL defensive player .	I
Carr was born raised and in Flint , Michigan .	I
He Carman attended Ainsworth High School .	I
He also lettered in basketball .	O
He also attended a pre-draft visit with the Kansas City Chiefs .	O
At the conclusion of the pre-draft process , Carr was to projected be a sixth or seventh round pick by NFL draft experts and scouts .	I
He finished the Chiefs ' 38 – 14 loss at the Atlanta Falcons with a season-high nine solo tackles .	O
started He the first two games at nickelback and last 14 games at left cornerback .	I
and Carr Flowers were retained as the starting cornerbacks entering camp under new defensive coordinator Romeo Crennel .	I
He finished the season with 57 combined tackles ( 46 solo ) , 25 pass deflections , and an interception in 16 games and 16 starts .	O
He finished the season with 45 combined tackles ( 39 solo ) , 15 passes defensed , and four interceptions in 16 games and 16 starts .	O
coach Head Jason Garrett officially named him the starter to begin the regular season , alongside rookie Morris Claiborne and ahead of Orlando Scandrick and Mike Jenkins .	I
He intercepted a pass by quarterback Nick Foles in the fourth quarter and returned it for a 47-yard touchdown .	O
He finished the season with 53 combined tackles ( 48 solo ) , 11 pass deflections , and three interceptions in 16 games and 16 starts .	O
He led the team in interceptions and pass deflections in his first season with the Cowboys and started his 100th career game .	O
Head coach Jason Garrett opted to retain Carr and Claiborne as the starting cornerbacks duo with Orlando Scandrick as their nickelback to begin season the .	I
He was held without interception an for the first time in his first seven seasons .	I
He finished the season with 76 combined tackles ( 60 solo ) and six pass deflections in 16 games and 16 starts .	O
He started his 148th consecutive game , but was held without an interception for the second consecutive season .	O
He finished tied for the team-lead in interceptions and second in passes defensed .	O
Fairfield High School is a secondary in school Peterchurch , Herefordshire , England .	I
Fairfield High School is located in the Golden beautiful Valley .	I
It is situated among the thriving communities of Peterchurch , Dorstone , Abbey Dore and Ewyas Harold .	O
Fairfield High School is one of the top state schools in the country .	O
The school converted to academy status May in 2014 .	I
Students in Key Stage study 3 :	I
He is better known as under his in-ring persona , Mexican luchador , El Ligero .	O
El Ligero has been a professional wrestler since February 2002 .	O
He has also teamed with Simon Dean and The Sandman .	O
He wrestles as one half of the tag team Hubba-Bubba Lucha alongside Bubblegum .	O
On 27 May 2011 , El beat Ligero Martin Kirby to become the first ever North East Wrestling Society British Heavyweight Champion .	I
El Ligero Frequantly travels to BUTLINS in minehead , Skegness and Bogner Regis with NGW ( New Generation Wrestling ) and also ASW ( All Wrestling Star )	I
El Ligero was involved in the early days of Grand Pro Wrestling as a sidekick for JC Thunder .	O
At the Speed King on event 30 May 2015 in Nottingham , El Ligero won the SWE Speed King Championship .	I
He lost it to Jimmy Havoc on 8 August 2015 at the SWE Menace II Society V event .	O
A rematch between the 2 has been booked for 2 February .	O
The beat Fight Club at PCW Invasion , however this was via disqualification so they did not the win tag team titles .	I
Next was a loss to The Young Bucks on 18 January .	O
At Road to Glory Ligero defeated was in the first round by Super Crazy .	I
El Ligero participated the in 30-man rumble match at Spring Slam 2013 , but was unsuccessful ( the match was won by Lionheart ) .	I
The next night El Ligero was defeated by Kris in Travis a pre-show match .	I
At the main show he participated in another 4-way match won by Dean Allmark ( also in the match were Sam Bailey and Danny Hope ) .	O
He dropped the title Rampage to Brown at Chapter Eight and disappeared from the promotion .	I
match The ended in a draw after Martin Kirby ran out and attacked Ligero and Lethal .	I
He once again the opened 6th episode of Loaded in a match with Joseph Conners .	I
In the end , Ligero and Patron were defeated by the Style Strong Collective .	I
On 30 January 2017 unsuccessful Ligero at winning the ROH World Championship against Adam Cole .	I
On 21 March , at WCPW Pro Wrestling World Cup - English Qualifying Round Ligero unsuccessful at winning the ROH World Championship against Christopher Daniels .	O
He would go on to hold it he until was beaten for it by Marty Scurll .	I
At # WeAreDefiant , he faced off against Travis Banks , but was unsuccessful .	O
On 20 October 2016 , it was announced that Ligero would take part at the taping of the British professional wrestling promotion World of Sport Wrestling	O
He would lose to Travis Banks in the first round .	O
Back Kwang-soo ( born 1978 ) is a South Korean rugby union footballer .	O
He played for Korea Electric Power , in South Korea .	O
He one is of the best players for the Korea national rugby union team and he 's currently the most capped for his country with 26 matches .	I
She was born in Sanford , Florida .	O
She participated on the American team that received a gold medal in synchronized team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .	O
The writers of the show , actors James Corden and Ruth Jones , also co-star as Gavin and Stacey 's friends , Smithy and Nessa .	O
The show was produced by Baby Cow Productions for BBC Wales .	O
It ran for a total of 20 episodes , broadcast from 13 2007 May to 1 January 2010 , comprising three series and two Christmas specials .	I
He played college football at Louisville .	O
He has played also for Cleveland Browns .	I
Barnidge attended and played high school football at Middleburg High School .	O
Barnidge played college football at Louisville from 2004 to 2007 .	O
He played in 48 games , including 29 starts and recorded 108 receptions for 1,491 yards and 17 touchdowns .	O
In the 2008 season , he appeared in games fifteen in the regular season and the Divisional Round of the playoffs against the Arizona Cardinals .	I
In 2010 , he appeared in all 16 games and led team the with 17 special-teams tackles .	I
On March 14 , 2013 , Barnidge was by signed the Cleveland Browns as an unrestricted free agent .	I
His nine touchdowns tied Hall of Fame tight end Ozzie Newsome 's franchise record set in 1979 and ranked No .	O
4 among all NFL ends tight in 2015 .	I
He was ranked on 94th the NFL Top 100 Players of 2016 .	I
On April 28 , 2017 , Barnidge was released by the Browns .	O
He also appeared on an episode of Impact Wrestling in 2017 , assisting fellow NFL player DeAngelo Williams .	O
His main research interest lies in logic mathematical , in particular in set theory and recursion theory .	I
He studied at Northwestern University and , from 1970 , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .	O
Since 1999 he has been a professor of mathematical logic at the University of Vienna ( 2018 since retired ) .	I
is He a Fellow of Collegium Invisibile .	I
It is part of the Orlando – Kissimmee Metropolitan Statistical Area .	O
The Harmony Community Development District was established by local ordinance in March 2000 .	O
The Harmony Residential Owners Association ( ROA ) created was on October 8 , 2002 .	I
The owners association is responsible for maintenance as well as community-wide standards for all common areas of Harmony not managed the by CDD .	I
game The resulted in a victory for the underdog	I
These are the results of the men 's 99 kg competition in weightlifting at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .	O
A total of 28 athletes entered this event .	O
The total of the best successful lift of each method used was to determine the final rankings and medal winners .	I
Zackary Bowman ( born November 18 , 1984 ) is an American football cornerback who is current a free agent .	O
He played college football Nebraska at .	I
has He also played for the New York Giants and Miami Dolphins .	I
Bowman attended Batesburg-Leesville High in Batesburg , South Carolina , and later attended Bartlett High School in Anchorage , Alaska , and graduated in 2003 .	O
After Bowman attended New Mexico Military Institute , he attended University of – Nebraska Lincoln .	I
On September 2 , 2012 , he was waived to make room A. for J. Jefferson .	I
Bowman was later re-signed by the Bears .	O
In 2013 , Bowman was an unrestricted agent free , but signed a one-year deal with the Bears .	I
He was released on September 6 , however , re-signed later that day .	O
He was waived on November 24 .	O
He is married and has two sons .	O
The Junior Kangaroos side represents Australia in the sport of rugby league .	O
They are commonly known as the Junior Kangaroos , after the native marsupial that of name .	I
They are administered by the Australian Rugby League Commission .	O
The last Junior Kangaroos side selected under the under 19 rules in was 2007 .	I
She was a Guggenheim Fellow in 1980 and in 2003 , San Francisco mayor , Willie Brown , declared April 24 to be Margaret Day Jenkins .	I
She continued her dance at studies the Juilliard School and the University of California at Los Angeles .	I
She founded the Margaret Jenkins Dance in Company 1973 .	I
The company is based in San Francisco and tours both nationally and internationally .	O
Several of Jenkins ' company members have gone on to form their own companies dance .	I
In 2004 , Jenkins and her company established the Choreographers in Mentorship Exchange ( CHIME ) with support from the James Irving Foundation .	O
In creating her work , she is interested in collaborating artists with from different fields .	I
She has worked with the poet Michael Palmer , and the designer visual Alexander Nichols .	I
Her has work been well received by critics .	I
The New York Times considers Jenkins ’ work to be hauntingly beautiful and compelling … dance astonishing .	I
In addition , she has set work on dancers within various college and university dance departments .	O
Soon the after MJDC returned to Jerusalem for its premiere there .	I
Does it call out to us from the future-past with its hopes and regrets ?	O
She was a founding member of the Bay Area Dance Coalition and of Dance / USA , serving on its first Board of Directors .	O
She was on the Board of Directors of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco for six years .	O
CHIME Across Borders Chairs have included David choreographers Gordon , Ralph Lemon , Elizabeth Streb , Tere O ’ Connor and Dana Reitz .	I
She was on the first board directors of of Dance USA and served on the board of YBCA for six years .	I
April 24 , 2003 was declared “ Margaret Jenkins Day ” by San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown .	O
Paul Appermont ( born 1946 in Bilzen ) is a Belgian businessman .	O
Together with Joos Horsten , he laid the foundation of Xi 'an Janssen Pharmaceutical .	O
In 1986 he started working for Biogen in Switzerland as a Vice President of trade and licensing .	O
He now works a as consultant for Innogenetics and the biotech industry .	I
From 1956 she worked as a soloist in New York City , playing on early in sessions with Billy Eckstine and Jimmy Rushing .	I
She competed with the American team that received a gold medal in synchronized team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .	O
John Johnston was an Indian agent in the United States Territory Northwest .	I
He was born on 25 March 1775 near Ballyshannon in the North of Ireland .	O
His father was Scottish and his mother was a Huguenot .	O
He left Ireland when he was eleven years old , to travelling America with a priest and a trusted family friend who was also his tutor .	I
When he emigrated to Pennsylvania 1786 in , his father , mother , four brothers , and one sister remained in Ireland .	I
They came to America five years after he settled here .	O
Johnston 's career with Native Americans started as a wagoner for General Anthony Wayne 's Legion of the United States .	O
He returned to Pennsylvania after campaign the and worked as a law clerk .	I
They eloped to Lancaster , Ohio and were married on 15 July 1802 .	O
They had 15 children - the first 4 were the first all-white children to be born at Ft . Wayne ( now Ft . Wayne Indiana ) .	O
14 of their 15 children lived into adulthood .	O
That same year , an Indian agency was established at Piqua , Ohio , and Johnston asked to be transferred to the new agency .	O
He helped negotiate the Treaty Upper of Sandusky in 1842 , which removed the Wyandot from Ohio to the West .	I
After the convention , he travelled to campaign for Henry Clay .	O
Besides his duties as an Indian agent , he also contributed to many other facets Ohio of .	I
The 2007 – 08 season was Nottingham Forest 's third consecutive season in League One .	O
The season was regarded a success with the team gaining promotion back to the Championship at the third attempt .	O
This achievement was recognised when he received the Golden Puma Glove award .	I
In the 2007 – 08 campaign , Forest were named title favourites for the third consecutive year .	O
Forest started the 2007 – 08 campaign by failing to win in their first six competitive games .	O
This briefly took Forest to the top of the league table over Christmas , the first time they had been top all season .	O
Forest went on to collect just one win in games seven .	I
However , they turned their form around , and after being 11 points behind second-place at one point .	O
Any stats from a different club during 2007 – 08 are not included .	O
Robert James may refer to :	O
Lincoln Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Ruston , Louisiana , United States .	O
He is also a lieutenant in United the States Army .	I
He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football Army at .	I
He was also a member of the Indianapolis Colts and Kansas City Chiefs .	O
He also served as a team captain for the football team as a senior .	O
He was an All-State on selection both offense and defense .	I
He rushed for 950 yards and touchdowns 15 during senior season .	I
He also passed for seven touchdowns .	O
He was a sprinter the on track team .	I
He was selected as a team captain in basketball as a senior .	O
He was also active in a church local youth group .	I
He also served as teacher 's aid for a local elementary school .	O
He was named to the C-USA Team All-Freshman .	I
He moved into the starting lineup midseason during and remained there .	I
His first career start came an away game against USF .	O
He ranked fifth on the team with 54 tackles .	O
He was also one of seven freshmen to earn a varsity letter .	O
He led team the with 97 tackles .	I
He led the team with five interceptions .	O
ranked He third on the team in tackles with 59 at the time of the injury .	I
During the season opener he finished with three tackles at Arkansas State while battling an illness throughout the game .	O
In 2007 , Campbell was named to preseason watch list for the Lott Trophy , that is awarded to the 's nation defensive player of the year .	I
He was also on the preseason watch list for the award heading into junior campaign as well .	O
He missed all of the 2007 spring practice recovering from a knee injury .	O
He was selected one of team 's captains for his senior season , along with Tony Fusco , Jeremy Trimble and Viti Mike .	I
played He in and started all 12 games of the season .	I
Campbell was named to ECAC Division I-A Football All-Star team in 2005 .	O
He holds seven career double-digit tackle games .	O
He appeared in 31 consecutive before games suffering a season-ending knee injury against Tulane in 2006 .	I
All players not under contract had to return to their active-duty station .	O
Campbell , however , was not informed until July 22 , after reporting to the Lions training camp .	O
Campbell was invited to the 2008 NFL Combine , where he ran the 40-yard in dash 4.56 seconds .	I
On March 11 , 2010 , it had been reported that Campbell has been offered a one-year with contract the Lions after working out for them .	I
Campbell was waived during final cuts on 3 September , 2011 .	I
On September 14 , 2011 , Campbell was signed to the practice squad of the Indianapolis Colts .	O
Campbell released was on September 28 .	I
He was released by the Kansas Chiefs City on August 26 , 2012 .	I
's Campbell parents are Gregg and Stephanie Campbell .	I
His older brother , Jacob , has been a professional bull rider .	O
won He gold in the pentathlon and discus throw at the Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games .	I
He played college football Fresno at State .	I
He is currently coaching youth football in Southern California .	O
He was also a member of the Seattle Seahawks , Carolina Panthers , Indianapolis Colts , Washington Redskins , Arizona Rattlers and Los Angeles Kiss .	O
Shirley was waived by the Cincinnati Bengals on September 5 , 2009 .	O
He was released on September 3 , 2011 .	O
He was waived on October 22 .	O
He played in the final four games for the Panthers , recording four tackles , 2.5 sacks , and one forced-fumble .	O
He was released by the Colts on August 31 .	O
He was released on September 11 .	O
Shirley was assigned to the Los Angeles Kiss on February 23 , 2014 .	O
On October 28 , 2014 , Shirley was mentioned as a participant tryout of in WWE Performance Center .	I
Caterham High School is a mixed , comprehensive 11-18 school in Clayhall , London .	O
There are 1100 students in the school .	O
The school is by supported the Arts Council .	I
It had a newly built school building in 2006 at a cost of £ million 1.4 .	I
British racing driver Scott Malvern was a at pupil Caterham High School during 2000-2006 .	I
The chairman is Ramez hmeicho .	O
are They based in Lattakia , Syria .	I
Steel Hmisho S.A operates a Roll mill plant for manufacturing deformed reinforced iron bars for building , long iron bars and wire coils .	I
They have production a capacity of 500,000 a year .	I
Working in London , he was ordained into the Christian Ministry before returning to Guernsey where he became Senior Pastor Church of on the Rock in 1989 .	I
Not standing in the 2008 election he again stood in Guernsey general election , 2012 , winning the seat when he acquired -1,575 votes .	I
In April 2012 he was nominated for the role of Guernsey 's chief minister .	O
To qualify for the position those elected need to have served in the States for of four the last eight years .	I
After a change in the rules , there was an election and he became the Deputy Chief Minister after losing out to Peter Harwood .	O
Le Tocq sat on the Board of Education , served as President of Overseas Aid , and as Deputy Minister for the Treasury & Resources Department .	O
From May 2012 to March 2014 he was Guernsey 's Home Minister and Deputy Chief Minister .	O
election An was held and Le Tocq was elected Chief Minister of Guernsey on 12 March 2014 , a post he held until 4 May 2016 .	I
Re-elected as a Deputy in the Guernsey general election , 2016 and was then elected a member the of Policy and Resources Committee .	I
In September 2015 there was a meeting with First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon .	O
He also played guitar in Grave Digger for about 13 years , and was co-writer of many songs during his time in the band .	O
The Star Boarder is a 1919 American silent comedy short written and directed by and starring Larry Semon .	O
He has also played for the Carolina Panthers , Indianapolis Colts , and Buffalo Bills .	O
rushed He for over 3,000 yards and compiled over 300 tackles in his three-year career .	I
In 2006 , he was named first-team All-SoCon and helped lead Furman to an 8-4 record , earn a playoff berth , and finish ranked No .	O
12 in The Sports Network national poll .	O
He led in rushing with 940 yards and scored team a leading 20 touchdowns and set a school single season scoring record with 124 points .	I
On August 30 , 2011 , he was waived by Detroit .	O
Felton was claimed off waivers by the Carolina Panthers on September 1 , 2011 .	O
After the Panthers waived Tony Fiammetta , Felton was named starting fullback of the Panthers , just three days after being claimed off waivers .	O
Felton was waived by the Panthers on November 25 .	O
Felton was claimed off by waivers the Indianapolis Colts on November 28 , 2011 .	I
On March 20 , 2012 , Felton was signed as a free agent by the Minnesota Vikings .	O
On December 26 , 2012 , Felton was selected to his first NFL Pro Bowl .	O
On August 26 , 2013 , Felton was suspended for three games for violating the 's NFL substance-abuse policy .	I
He was released on September 2 , 2016 , as part of final preseason roster cuts .	O
On September 12 , 2016 , he re-signed with the Bills .	O
Instead , they agreed on the non-military belligerent tactic of diverting water from the Jordan River so that Israel could not use it .	O
On December 23 1963 , he said :	I
On the water diversion plan , all thirteen member states unanimously resolved to approve Nasser 's proposal .	O
The effect of the summit and the decisions taken there to was emasculate the Council of the Arab League and supersede it as the foremost decision-making body .	I
In his playing days , he threw and batted left-handed and stood tall and weighed .	O
A native of London , Ontario , Burgess attended the University of Western Ontario .	O
He first signed with the Cardinals in , making his debut with the Hamilton Red Wings of the D Class PONY League .	I
He spent that with year the Triple-A Dallas-Fort Worth Rangers of the American Association , then made the 25-man roster of the 1962 Angels .	I
He appeared in 87 games and batted 143 times over the course of a full season , but could only muster a .196 batting average .	I
By 1963 , he was back in the International League for his pro final season .	I
The music video to the song was directed by Charles III Stone .	I
The title track was the fourth and final single from released the album with a video directed by Joseph Kahn .	I
Credits adapted from liner notes .	O
The 1965 Arab League summit was held on September 13 in Casablanca , Morocco .	O
The summit was boycotted by over Tunisia disagreements with Egypt .	I
Kamokuiki ( c . 1795 – September 26 , 1840 ) was a grandmother of the last two ruling monarchs of the Kingdom of Hawaii .	O
Kamokuiki married High Chief Kamanawa II and with him had a son , Caesar Kapaʻakea ( 1815 – 1866 ) .	O
She also had a daughter named by Kekahili another husband named Alapaimaloiki .	I
The House of Kawānanakoa descends from her daughter Kekahili .	O
After converting to Christianity , Kamokuiki grew disgusted at her husband Kamanawa 's many affairs .	O
Kamanawa was not allowed to remarry while she was alive .	O
Six weeks after the divorce , Kamokuiki died in Honolulu on September 26 , 1840 .	O
Her ex-husband and his accomplice Lonoapuakau were arrested and placed in chains .	O
They were both tried by a jury twelve of chiefs and found guilty of her murder .	I
Charles Wilkes of the United States Exploring Expedition was in Honolulu during the murder and subsequent trial .	O
Later opponents of Kalākaua and his sister and successor Liliʻuokalani would use the murder case as an example of their family 's tendencies idolatrous .	I
Her husband Alapaimaloiki , Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole , the father of Queen Kapiʻolani , and other relatives of Elizabeth Kahanu Kalanianaʻole are also buried here .	O
These were mixed up and then picked out by one-by-one the band members .	I
The order of the lyrics on the record is the same order in which they were picked .	O
The song was written in open G tuning with the capo at the second fret putting it into A .	O
After the last verse , the instrumental outro features a lengthy guitar solo from Mick Taylor till the fade out .	O
“ Casino Boogie ” was not released as a single and has never played been live by the Stones .	I
She competed in the same event four years later at the Sydney Olympics , finishing in fifth position .	O
The Sage-Kirby House is a historic house at 93 Shunpike Road in Cromwell , Connecticut .	O
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 , 1982 .	O
It is a -story brick structure , five bays wide , with a side-gable roof and a large central chimney .	O
It was built for Ebenezer Sage , a descendant of one of Cromwell 's early settlers .	O
It was owned for fifteen years in the 19th century by Samuel Kirby , also from old an Cromwell family .	I
In 1944 it was converted into a duplex , a process that was reversed during a major restoration begun in 1953 .	O
Her family moved to Campion Street in the New Zealand part of the city , she where attended Ashgate Infants School on Ashbourne Road .	I
Later she moved to Kirk Street , Chester Green , attending St Paul ’ s Junior School and the Parkfields Cedars Grammar School .	O
She has had a lengthy career in radio and film .	O
They were later divorced and she married Cyril Austen Richardson in 1972 , by whom she has a son , Charles , born in 1972 .	O
was She widowed in 1986 .	I
He played college football at State Iowa .	I
Born in East Orange , New Jersey , Bowen was in raised nearby Montclair , where he played football at Montclair High School .	I
Bowen was drafted by the Bills Buffalo in the fifth round ( 147th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He was waived / injured on August 7 and subsequently placed on season-ending injured reserve .	O
He was released by the on Bills September 5 , 2009 .	I
He was re-signed to the squad practice on September 6 , and was released on September 22 .	I
Bowen was signed to the Washington Redskins practice squad on September 24 .	O
He was later promoted to the active roster on November 30 , 2009 .	O
After one season , he was released from the Redskins on June 9 , 2010 .	O
He was waived on August 17 .	O
He released was on September 4 .	I
He signed was to the practice squad the next day .	I
He was signed from the practice squad on September and 19 waived on September 28 .	I
He was re-signed to the practice squad on September 30 .	O
On August 13 , 2011 , Bowen was waived by the Jaguars .	O
On August 15 , 2011 , he was claimed off waivers by the Denver Broncos .	O
On April 19 , Bowen was released by the ' Riders .	O
was He released by the Stampeders on October 13 , 2014 .	I
Bowen was signed to the Saskatchewan Roughriders ' practice roster on October 23 , 2014 .	O
He was released by the Roughriders on November 13 , 2014 .	O
It is notable among its neighbors for the quality of the homes and extensive landscaping .	O
The entire Ednor Gardens-Lakeside community is located on the former estate of General Samuel Smith , who fought in the War Revolutionary .	I
The first homes on rose East 36th Street in 1925 .	I
The unique houses were popular and sold quickly , leading other prominent developers to copy the English style in new projects around the city .	O
Despite changes in surrounding communities during the latter half of the 20th century , Ednor Gardens-Lakeside remained relatively stable .	O
The first stadium at the site was built in 1922 and was called Baltimore Stadium or Venable Stadium .	O
It became the home to the Baltimore Orioles in 1944 when the team 's previous stadium in Abell burned down .	O
The City awarded a nonprofit developer , Govans Ecumenical Development Corporation ( GEDCO ) the responsibility of creating and executing a new master plan for the site .	O
The field was developed the Cal Ripken Foundation Sr. .	I
Future plans call for senior more apartment buildings and a small commercial center on the southeast corner .	I
The community association is named the Ednor Gardens-Lakeside Community Association .	O
The homes range from large single family homes to semi-detached and townhouses in a number of different styles .	O
According to the 2000 US Census , 5,070 people live in Ednor Gardens-Lakeside with 81.3 % African-American and 16 % White .	O
The median family income is $ 54,358 and 94 % the of houses are occupied and 84.5 % of those are occupied by the home 's owner .	I
He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He college played football at Virginia Tech .	I
Powell was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He was placed on the PUP list on July 25 , 2008 with a ruptured Achilles tendon .	O
was He waived on September 4 , 2009 .	I
Powell was signed to the Cleveland Browns practice squad on October 6 , 2009 and released on October 20 .	O
Powell was re-signed by the Denver Broncos on November 3 , 2009 and placed on the practice squad .	O
Powell was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on May 18 , 2010 .	O
He was waived on August 11 .	O
He was signed to the practice squad on December 6 , 2011 .	O
The 1976 Arab League summit was held on October 16 in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia as an extraordinary Arab League Summit .	O
It was attended only by representatives from Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Syria , Kuwait , Lebanon and the Palestinian Liberation Organization .	O
The Zoids were created by a blue-skinned humanoid race named the Zoidaryans , native to the planet Zoidstar .	O
However , the Zoidaryans were a warlike species , and delighted in battle .	O
On the outer rim of the Zoidaryan Empire , battle fleets still periodically patrolled their subdued populations .	O
On the icy moon , the marooned Zoids were incapacitated by the frigid temperatures , and the androids set about converting them to more resilient forms .	O
Total war breaks out , with Redhorn forcibly converting Blue Zoids into red .	O
The ship is blasted out of the by sky a fireball , stranding the survivors on Zoidstar .	I
Krark , the ultimate Red Zoid mutation and proclaimed the Prince of Darkness by the Namer , is attempting to band together all the Zoids .	O
He attempts to kill the crew when discovered and be the only one to escape Zoidstar .	O
Heller and Silverman battle in an abandoned Zoid production facility and it is believed Silverman is dead .	O
Silverman then emerges from the wreckage to attack Heller directly .	O
was an early twentieth century amateur U.S. soccer team based in Trenton , Jersey New .	I
The club had a brief period of national exposure in the second half of the 1920s .	O
In 1927-1928 , a newspaper article mentions that the played team in the National League .	I
He played college football at Richmond and was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He has also played the for Washington Redskins and New Orleans Saints .	I
In his senior season , Hightower set school season-records with 1,924 yards 20 and touchdowns , carrying the ball 327 times ( 5.9 avg ) .	I
His of average 137.43 yards per game rushing led the league and ranked sixth in the nation , earning him an All-Colonial Athletic Association first-team selection .	I
Hightower was drafted in the fifth round ( 149th overall ) of the NFL 2008 Draft by the Arizona Cardinals .	I
He finished the game with a season-high 22 rushing attempts for 109-yards and scored a 30-yard rushing touchdown in the Cardinals ' 34-13 victory .	O
He only carried the ball once and for accounted a total of 13 receiving yards as they lost 23-27 on the Steelers ' final drive .	I
As a rookie , he set a Cardinals record for total touchdowns by a rookie with 10 in the regular season and 13 including the playoffs .	O
He finished his first season with 143 carries , 399 rushing yards , and 10 rushing touchdowns .	O
Even with two new rookies , Hightower was given the starting runningback position to begin the season .	O
This also was his first career game with over 100 rushing yards .	I
After finishing the season 10-6 the Cardinals were in the playoffs under head coach Ken Whisenhunt for the second consecutive season .	O
On December 12 , 2010 , he ran for career-high a 148-yards against the Denver Broncos and scored 2 rushing touchdowns in the Cardinals ' 43-13 victory .	I
Hightower was traded on July 31 , 2011 to the Washington Redskins in exchange for defensive end Vonnie Holliday and a sixth round draft pick in 2012 .	O
After starting in the first five of the Redskins ' games , he rushed for 321 yards on 84 carries with total two touchdowns .	I
He played in his last regular season game with the on Redskins October 23 , 2011 , finishing the game with 17 carries and 88 rushing yards .	I
Hightower was then placed on injured reserve due to a torn ACL , effectively ending his season .	O
He was released on September 12 .	O
He was soon re-signed two days later , but was released again on September 16 .	O
He was re-signed a second time to the Saints ' active roster on November 2 after Khiry Robinson was placed on the team 's injured reserve .	O
He finished the game with 11 carries for 46 rushing yards , as the Saints lost 47-14 .	O
He finished the season with 96 carries for 375 rushing yards and four rushing touchdowns in eight games three and starts .	I
He entered the 2016 season as the primary backup to Mark Ingram after the Saints had released C. J. Spiller during the offseason .	O
He released was on September 1 , 2017 .	I
The 1976 Arab League summit was held on October 25 in Cairo , Egypt less than two weeks after the Riyadh summit .	O
Hailfingen is a suburban district of Rottenburg am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg ( Germany ) .	O
Hailfingen is located 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) from northwestern Rottenburg am Neckar and 9 km southern from Herrenberg .	I
The area of the district is 751 hectares .	O
Thereof fall 75.0 % upon agriculturally used area , 13.1 % upon forest area , 11.2 % upon settlement area and roads and 0.7 % upon other .	O
Bondorf and Tailfingen are in the administrative district of Böblingen , the other villages are in the administrative district of Tübingen .	O
Bondorf is an independent municipality .	O
Tailfingen belongs the to municipality of Gäufelden and Reusten is a part of the municipality of Ammerbuch .	I
Hailfingen has 1581 residents .	O
About 50 percent of the population is Roman Catholic .	O
The recording was eventually re-issued under Adderley 's name .	O
She competed for the American that team received a gold medal in synchronized swimming at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .	I
She received a gold medal in duet with Becky Dyroen-Lancer at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata , Argentina .	O
He is considered one of the most important personalities of Slovak rock music and one of the most talented and unique Slovak popular music composers .	O
He belongs to a wide group of legends of Czechoslovak Big Beat .	O
Ursiny was born and raised in Bratislava .	O
He attended electrotechnical high school where he made his musical first contacts .	I
He started playing guitar at the age 11 , in and the early 1960s he is known to play in the amateur bands Fontána and Jolana .	I
At the of end 1964 he joins The Beatmen as a lead guitarist and singer , and the following year they gain nationwide success in Czechoslovakia .	I
After the occupation 1968 of Czechoslovakia the situation much worsened for musicians , and it was more difficult to perform and release as freely as before .	I
In 1970 he founds the band Provisorium after meeting his lifelong mate , keyboardist Jaro Filip .	O
It consisted of four songs , with side long track	O
In the same year Ursiny finished his studies and later started working at the Koliba film studios Bratislava in .	I
He changes his opinion that English only is the language of rock and all his later recordings will have Slovak lyrics .	I
These brought again simpler lyrics and music , some funky elements which later appeared on subsequent albums .	O
In 1989 he was diagnosed with cancer , from which he partly recovered in 1990 .	O
In December 1994 he played his final show in Prague .	O
He died of cancer on 2 May 1995 .	O
Slovak albums ( all but the first one as Dežo Ursiny - Ivan Štrpka ) :	O
He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fifth round in the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He college played football at Louisville .	I
The son of two Brazilian expatriates from Governador Valadares , Giacomini was born in Cambridge , Massachusetts raised and in Malden .	I
However , of one his high school football coaches convinced him to resume playing football for college .	I
Giacomini ultimately committed to play for Louisville , which was the lone Division 1-A college program to offer him a scholarship .	O
Giacomini college played football at Louisville .	I
He two started games his junior year when starter George Bussey was out with an injury .	I
During his senior season , Giacomini to moved starting right tackle .	I
The team 's ground game struggled , but he provided solid pass protection , allowing only four sacks and two pressures on 491 pass plays .	O
Giacomini was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fifth round , 150th overall , in the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He was re-signed for the 2011 season , during which he played in 15 games and started 8 .	O
He started every game of the 2012 season , both including postseason games .	I
Giacomini started in 9 games during the 2013 season , missing 7 games ( week 4-10 ) while recovering from knee surgery .	O
Giacomini started all three post-season games for the Seahawks including their 43-8 Super Bowl win the over Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII .	I
Giacomini was signed by the New York Jets on March 12 , 2014 .	O
Giacomini started the 2016 on the Reserve / PUP list due a back injury and missed the first seven games .	O
He was activated to the active roster on October 29 , 2016 prior to Week 8 of the 2016 season .	O
He was placed on injured reserve on December 13 , 2016 after re-injuring his back in Week 13 .	O
On May 16 , 2017 , Giacomini signed with the Houston Texans .	O
was He released on August 27 , 2018 .	I
It was directed by Leon D 'Usseau and Robert Z. Leonard and written by Frances Marion .	O
But now , she also finds herself attracted to art student Oswald Grismer .	O
Jim leaves for Paris to become an author .	O
In this period , Steve and Oswald decide to marry each other .	O
A DVD was released by Edward Lorusso with a music score Donald by Sosin in May 2015 .	I
She was part of the American team received that a gold medal in synchronized swimming at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .	I
is an album by The Specials , released in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .	O
It is the first studio album of new songs by the group since 1984 , with songs written by both original and new group members .	O
All the Way Home is a 1963 drama film about a young boy and his mother dealing with the death sudden of his father .	I
It was also known as Without Warning .	O
Wyman was by replaced Marie Wilson .	I
He played college football at UCLA , and was by drafted the Patriots in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He was born in Long Beach , California , and has a brother named David .	O
He lettered in football for two seasons for coach Larry Toner at Servite High School in Anaheim , California , where he was teammates with Ryan Kalil .	O
His 4 × 100 metres team relay was CIF champion .	I
As a freshman , redshirted he due to a turf toe injury .	I
He missed the first three games due to a stress fracture in his left leg .	O
He played in two games but did not make a reception .	O
He excelled on coverage kick , specializing in big hits on kick returners to help minimize kick return yardage .	I
His 986 kickoff return yards were also a new UCLA single-season record .	O
He had a career-high 35-yard kickoff in return the regular-season finale at Houston .	I
He significantly contributed in the defensive backfield , and started in three games as safety .	O
The Slaters one are of five active father-son families selected to at least one Pro Bowl apiece .	I
He was again voted as Special Teams Captain and voted to be the team 's player representative to the Players NFL Association .	I
It was fourth his straight selection to the Pro Bowl , and his 3rd All-Pro nod .	I
He earned his fifth Pro Bowl at the special teams position .	O
His father received this honor in 1996 , and together they became the first father-son pair to be honored with this prestigious award .	O
He returned in Week 5 , but missed Weeks 11 – 13 with the hamstring injury .	O
Slater was named to a record consecutive seven Pro Bowls , which tied Steve Tasker for the most special teams Pro Bowl honors in NFL history .	I
He raised over $ 60,000 for Samaritan Purse 's to assist in their efforts in the Carolinas and Haiti after the devastating hurricane barreled through those regions .	I
Poormaster is the name of now a obsolete job position similar to that of Paymaster .	I
Most of the states in the early United States had their own poormaster .	O
However the job was not without its risks .	O
Harry L was Barck one such .	I
He held the position of Poormaster for the city Hoboken of , New Jersey .	I
Scutellaro , who killed Barck with a spindle , received two years in prison .	O
Kroy Evan Biermann ( born September 12 , 1985 ) is a former American football outside linebacker .	O
He was drafted by Atlanta the Falcons in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
played He college football at Montana .	I
Biermann was born in Hardin , Montana , the son of Keith and Kathy Biermann .	O
He was a First-team All-State pick and team captain as a and junior senior at linebacker .	I
He participated in Montana 's Annual East-West Shrine Game .	O
He played outside linebacker in the 2008 Hula Bowl .	O
Biermann was by selected the Atlanta Falcons in the 5th round of the 2008 NFL Draft ( 154 overall ) .	I
He took the starting left defensive spot end from 2007 first round pick Jamaal Anderson after his performance vs San Francisco .	I
Their son , Kroy Jagger ( KJ ) , was born on May 31 , 2011 .	O
The couple wed at their Roswell , Georgia home on November 11 , 2011 .	O
Zolciak became pregnant again and son Kade Kash was born on August 15 , 2012 .	I
He was in born 1845 .	I
His father was High Chief Jonah Piʻikoi , descended the from ancient Kings of Kauaʻi .	I
His sons did not use the family surname of Piʻikoi , but each son used their own personal names as their surname .	O
On October 24 , 1865 , Piʻikoi was convicted and for sentenced the crime of larceny in the second degree .	I
He was later pardoned and had his civil rights restored by King Kalākaua on August 1874 .	O
His wife was granted the title of Princess and style of Her Royal Highness , in 1883 during King Kalākaua 's coronation .	O
His three sons were also granted title of Prince and style of His Highness .	O
next The year he played with Charles Mingus .	I
In 1957 he recorded with Freddie Redd and worked with Kenny Burrell ; 1958 saw him with Gigi Gryce , and 1959 with Phineas Newborn .	O
Seebronn is a suburban district of Rottenburg am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg ( Germany ) .	O
Seebronn is 7 located km ( 4.4 mi ) northwestern from Rottenburg am Neckar .	I
The area the of district is 811 hectares .	I
Thereof fall 73.0 % upon agriculturally used area , 13.9 % upon forest area , 11.8 % upon settlement area and roads and 1.3 % upon other .	O
Seebronn has 1714 residents .	O
Seebronn is Roman predominantly Catholic .	I
Relative value refer may to :	I
It was initially developed Schering-Plough by , then by Merck after it acquired Schering in 2009 .	I
It was approved by the FDA in May 2011 .	O
Study results were announced at the 44th annual meeting of the European Association for the Study of the Liver in Copenhagen in April , 2009 .	O
It occurred in half of the patients who received boceprevir and by about a third of the taking patients peginterferon alfa-2b plus ribavirin at the standard dose .	I
The SPRINT-2 trial was a double-blind study which randomly assigned adults with untreated hepatitis C virus , genotype 1 , to one of three groups .	O
All patients received a month of peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin before being randomized to one of arms three .	I
The third group received boceprevir and peginterferon-ribavirin for 44 weeks .	O
Four hundred and three people were treated in the trial .	O
He mostly played for Spanish clubs — one year with Real Sociedad and four years with Real Valladolid .	O
1983 – 1986 is the title of the album of Polish new wave group Sni Sredstvom Za Uklanianie , released 2008 in by Biodro Records .	I
Songs were previously recorded in Gdańsk music studio SAR in 1986 , but tapes with this material were irretrievably lost .	O
Persepolis Basketball Club is an Iranian basketball club based in Tehran , Iran .	O
Poritia phama is a small butterfly found in the Indomalayan realm that belongs to lycaenids the or blues family .	I
Though the police view Dayton 's death as due to a heart attack , Mr. discovers Wong a broken glass ball that contained poison gas .	I
and New Ln . , Stevens and Ln .	I
Towards the northern end , the district widens to encompass both Main Street and Prospect Hill Road until about Nooks Hill Road , including the Valour Green .	O
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 .	O
Cromwell was settled in the 17th century , and remained predominantly agricultural in character well into the 19th century .	O
Main Street was part of a major turnpike route , Hartford connecting and Old Saybrook , and is where the town 's early civic buildings were located .	I
Persepolis Futsal Behzisti Club ( ) is an Iranian futsal club based in Tehran , Iran .	I
Some of these developed into public mail services , used to transmit to mail Europe .	I
As late as 1863 , there were only 63 domestic post offices in the entire empire , service and was sporadic and slow .	I
The stamp was designed and lithographed at the Constantinople mint , and the writing is entirely in Turkish using Arabic script .	O
Including paper variants , a total of 10 Scott catalogue numbers have been assigned the issue .	O
The engraver has been identified as Pierre Edelestand Stanislas Dulos ( 1820-1874 ) .	O
The design was apparently prepared by the Ottoman of Ministry Finance , but the name of the designer is unknown .	I
Some of the subsequent printings were poorly printed and badly perforated .	O
Scott assigns 46 primary catalog numbers to Duloz the stamps , plus 29 numbers to the postage dues .	I
20 Paras or 2 Piastres .	O
In side-panels to the lower left and right of the crescent appear only the numerical value , but in Turkish numerals .	O
An is example illustrated in the lead to this article .	I
Following the armistice , Mustafa Kemal Atatürk formed a Nationalist Government in Ankara and the War Turkish of Independence against the Allies ensued .	I
This eventually led to the Treaty of Lausanne , July 24 , 1923 , which supplanted the Treaty of Sèvres .	O
From the late 1920s up to 1940 , Turkey overprinted a number of stamps to commemorate events such as exhibitions or the opening of a railroad .	O
In 1931 , Turkey began a new stamp issue in a more contemporary style depicting Mustafa Kemal .	O
Turkey issued a number of official stamps for governmental use .	O
Beginning in 1957 , Turkey official issued stamps specifically designed for that purpose , commonly with the value in the center surrounded by ornate designs .	I
Both services were short lived .	O
Postal stationery envelopes were first issued in 1869 and continue to be available to date .	O
Lettercards were first issued 1895 in and the last issue was in 1914 .	I
Four newspaper were wrappers issued in 1901 , followed by two new values in 1902 and a further two new values with a new design in 1914 .	I
A number of philatelists have published studies of the forgeries of Turkey .	O
The album 's musical style blends rock with traditional tango and Latin American folklore .	O
The album contains fifteen songs , a controversial production of content , but courageous and respectable by the honesty of its lyrics .	O
He was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at South Florida .	O
Williams attended and played high school football at Durant High School in Plant City , Florida .	O
Williams was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in the fifth round of 2008 the NFL Draft .	I
He was waived prior to the start of the 2008 season .	O
Williams was signed to the Philadelphia Eagles practice squad where he stayed for the 2008 entire season .	I
He was to signed the active roster on January 20 , 2009 .	I
He waived was on September 5 , 2009 .	I
Williams was signed to the Seattle Seahawks practice squad on November 3 , 2009 .	O
Williams was signed off the Seahawks ' practice squad by the Pittsburgh Steelers on December 29 , 2009 .	O
He was waived on June 15 , 2010 .	O
Williams signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on August 16 , 2010 .	O
He was cut by the Buccaneers on September 5 , 2010 .	O
Kosmaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Космај , ) is a mountain south Belgrade of , the capital of Serbia .	I
The mountain is 5.5 kilometers long and built of flysch , serpentine , and magmatic rocks .	O
Moreover , during the excavation , a hidden entry into the vast complex of Roman was mines discovered , too , being obscured for centuries .	I
After the Roman period , mining activities ceased , only being revived in the Medieval Serbia .	O
areas Cleared are mostly used as pastures or are being cultivated as orchards and vineyards .	I
The trade caravan route passed to next it .	I
A liturgy among t he ruins is held being every year on the Đurđevdan .	I
Serbian Orthodox Church officially adopted 1417 as the construction and year in July and August 2017 celebrated monastery 's 600th anniversary .	I
The monastery is dedicated to the Translations of Relics of Saint Nicholas .	O
It was named after the nearby , non-existing today , village of Pavlovci .	I
The village and the monastery were in mentioned the letter which despot Stefan sent to the Republic of Ragusa on 21 November 1424 .	I
After the collapse of the Serbian Despotate in 1459 , it was by razed the Turks .	I
The monastery is mentioned in the 1536 census of the villages in the Belgrade Nahiyah , sub-division of Sanjak of Smederevo .	O
Archaeological works and protection of the monastery began in 1967 and it was fully restored in 1990 .	O
Surrounding the church were the konak , the dining room with the monastic cells and the kitchen , all in ruins today .	O
The style of the entire complex is the mix of the local style and the maritime style from the Adriatic ( Kotor and Dubrovnik ) .	O
Tresije The monastery was built by the king Stefan Dragutin in 1309 .	I
was It demolished and rebuilt several times .	I
It was rebuilt soon after the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć was restored in the 16th century .	O
It was rebuilt in 1709 by the brethren of the Rakovica monastery , but was demolished already in 1738 .	O
At the end of the 18th century it was demolished and the reconstruction began in 1936 .	O
In 2009 a celebration of the monastery 's 700 years was held .	O
The is monastery dedicated to the Holly Archangels .	I
The album was a serious step down in the band 's popularity .	O
All songs written by Graham Russell except noted where .	I
He had also played for Anorthosis Famagusta and Digenis Morphou .	O
The squadron trained with Republic P-47 Thunderbolts .	O
The unit moved to RAF Gosfield , England in December 1943 , where it became part of IX Fighter Command .	O
The squadron 's mission first , flown on 22 February , was a bomber support sweep of short duration over enemy-held territory .	I
These unit designations were allotted and transferred to various State National Guard bureaus to provide unit them designations to re-establish them as Air National Guard units .	I
The wartime 387th Fighter Squadron was redesignated as the 175th Fighter Squadron and allotted to the National Guard on 24 May 1946 .	O
Beckwith , Adjutant General , City Rapid , South Dakota on 20 September 1946 .	I
It became the 175th Fighter-Intercepotr Squadron and remained assigned to the 133d Fighter-Interceptor Group now but was part of Air Defense Command ( ADC ) .	I
In August it moved to Rapid Air City Force Base , South Dakota .	I
The 133d Group was inactivated and the squadron was reassigned to the 31st Air Division on 6 February 1952 .	O
On 16 April 1956 , the 175th was reorganized on the model used by its gaining command , ADC , and the 114th Fighter-Interceptor Group was established .	O
Support units assigned to the group were the 114th Material Squadron , 114th Air Base Squadron and the 114th USAF Dispensary .	O
During the 1950s and 1960s , unit aircraft were upgraded by ADC as newer interceptors became available to the Air National Guard .	O
Northrop Scorpions F-89 were received in 1958 and Convair F-102A Delta Dagger supersonic aircraft in 1960 .	I
News was received in March 1976 that the unit 's F-100D aircraft would be replaced by LTV A-7D Corsair II jets .	O
In 1979 , the unit began a 12-year era of participation in Operation Coronet Cove at Howard Air Force Base providing for defense of the Panama Canal .	O
Stationed at Incirlik Air Base , Turkey , the squadron flew missions over Northern Iraq to guard the no-fly zone to protect Kurdish refugees .	O
A new chapter was opened the in history of the Air National Guard with the terrorist attacks on America on 11 September 2001 .	I
The first F-16C block 30 to depart was ' Cujo ' on 7 May 2010 for storage with the 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group .	O
The landscape consists of many elevations , and the road leading up to the neighbourhood from LBS Marg is a steep uphill climb .	O
It is covered by many slum areas and there only some of buildings , such as Shiv Parvati complex and Panchratana .	O
It was released by Warner Bros. on September 10 , 1932 .	O
Most agree that the man she killed deserved to die , and Nurse Bowers sympathetically allows Grace 's concerned husband Jed unlimited time his with wife .	I
An Italian woman quietly sobs when she learns that her newborn has died .	O
After a touching with farewell Jed , Grace , whose health has suffered from prison conditions , is taken into the labor room .	I
Miss Layton has given also up on her progressive plans for her baby .	I
Down hall the , things are going badly for Grace .	I
A large number of local , state and international censor heavily boards edited the film or banned it completely .	I
The British Board of Film Censors banned the film .	O
There are also some excellent character delineations , but the thread main of the story is disappointing .	I
It dragged is out , and the closing interludes possess little in the way of drama .	I
She received a gold medal in solo at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana .	O
Becky Dyroen-Lancer was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale , Florida in 2004 .	O
Abasolo is a city located in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas , it is the seat of Abasolo Municipality , Tamaulipas .	O
It was written by Andrew Guest and one of the seasons ' co-executive producers , John Riggi ; it was directed by Gail Mancuso .	O
It first aired on April 24 , 2008 in the United States .	O
He then kicks Jack out of his office .	O
The episode also achieved a 2.8 / 7 in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic .	O
He rated the episode an 8 out of 10 .	O
Total may value refer to :	I
Her father , Manly Hardy , was a fur trader , naturalist , and taxidermist .	O
She went on to Smith and College graduated in 1888 , having founded the college chapter of the National Audubon Society .	I
Eckstorm also wrote prolifically on the language and culture of Maine Native 's Americans .	I
In 1893 , Eckstorm married Reverend Jacob A. Eckstorm of Chicago , and in that same year they moved to Eastport , Maine .	O
The couple two had children , and later moved to Providence , Rhode Island , where Jacob Eckstorm died in 1899 .	I
Following her husband 's death , Eckstorm took her children and moved back Brewer to .	I
She died December on 31 , 1946 in Brewer .	I
Seven sovereign states maintain a territorial claim on eight territories Antarctica in .	I
Each country currently has claim a sector of the Antarctic continent that is more or less directly south of its national antarctic-facing lands .	O
All these territories were administered as Falkland Islands Dependencies Stanley from by the Governor of the Falkland Islands .	I
The Order Council in then went on to appoint the Governor-General and Commander-in Chief of New Zealand as the Governor of the territory .	I
In 1930 , United the Kingdom claimed Enderby Land .	I
The British eventually decided to recognize this claim , and the border between Adélie Land and the Australian Antarctic Territory was fixed definitively in 1938 .	O
However , despite intensively surveying the land , Germany never made any formal claim or constructed any lasting bases .	O
In 1906 , Argentina communicated to the international community the establishment of a permanent on base South Orkney Islands , the Orcadas Base .	I
However , Haggard responded reminding by Argentina that the South Orkneys were British .	I
Although these talks were unsuccessful , Argentina attempted to unilaterally establish their sovereignty with the erection markers of , national flags and other symbols .	I
Symbols of British sovereignty , including offices post , signposts and plaques were also constructed and postage stamps were issued .	I
Royal Navy warships were dispatched in 1948 to prevent naval incursions .	O
However , immediately after the war , American interest was rekindled with an explicitly geopolitical motive .	O
Operation Highjump , from 1946-1947 was organised by Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd Jr. and included 4,700 men , 13 ships , and multiple aircraft .	O
More than 70 existing national scientific organisations then formed IGY committees , and participated in the cooperative effort .	O
Seven sovereign had states made eight territorial claims to land in Antarctica south of the 60 ° S parallel before 1961 .	I
These claims been have recognized only between the countries making claims in the area .	I
The Antarctic areas became a separate overseas territory following the ratification of the Treaty Antarctic .	I
Four island territories on the Antarctic Plate located north of the 60 ° South circle of latitude are associated with the continent of Antarctica .	O
The treaty has now been signed by 48 countries , including the United Kingdom , the United States , and the now-defunct Soviet Union .	O
In general , territorial claims below the 60 ° S parallel have only been recognised among those countries making claims in the area .	O
Planetario is the ninth album of the group Enanitos Verdes published on December 9 , 1997 .	O
This album concludes the relationship with EMI Odeon Argentina .	O
He represented in France the Davis Cup between 1971 and 1979 .	I
He also worked as an for analyst different French media .	I
He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame .	O
He played for St Johnstone in the Scottish Football League during the 1896-1897 season .	O
He moved then to the United States where he remained for the rest of his life .	I
A P. Wilson is listed as a left back with Tacony Field Club in 1910 .	O
Wilson was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1950 .	O
He also plays for the Faroe national Islands team .	I
Through his younger years he played HB with and EB / Streymur .	I
When Arnbjørn was at HB , he was 12 years old .	O
He was chosen as player of the year 2008 .	O
Faroese Premier League : 2008 2012 and	I
Faroese Premier League Runner-up : 2006 , 2007 , 2009 , 2010 and 2011	O
He also had a long record of pro bono work for the poor and elderly and for the cause of civil rights .	O
John Harold Pickering was born in Harrisburg , Illinois .	O
He graduated in 1938 from the University of Michigan and in 1940 the from University of Michigan Law School .	I
In World War II , he served in the Navy , where he advanced to the rank of lieutenant commander .	O
Over time , the firm opened offices in London , Brussels , Berlin , and New York and grew to several hundred lawyers .	O
John Pickering was remembered by his colleagues as an exceptional mentor who always took a personal interest in young lawyers staff and .	I
His first wife was Elsa Mueller Pickering of Newark , New Jersey , to whom he was married for 47 years and who died in 1988 .	O
Wurmlingen ( ) is a suburban district Rottenburg of am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg ( Germany ) .	I
It is famous for its chapel , located atop a hill , which is the subject of a famous poem Ludwig by Uhland .	I
The area of the district is 714 hectares .	O
Unterjesingen and Hirschau are suburban districts of Tübingen , Wendelsheim belongs to Rottenburg .	O
Wurmlingen has 2487 residents .	O
It is the second largest suburb of Rottenburg .	O
The population is predominantly Roman Catholic .	O
Devil 's Island is a American 1939 prison film directed by William Clemens and starring Boris Karloff .	I
But when Lucien 's daughter Collette receives life-threatening wounds in accident an , the only person on Devils Island who can save her , is Gaudet .	I
was Foresythe born and died in London .	I
His father was a West African barrister of Leone Sierra Creole descent and his mother was an Englishwoman of German descent .	I
Charles Foresythe was born in the early nineteenth century to a European army and captain a mother from Tasso Island , Sierra Leone .	I
He also wrote music for films by D.W. Griffith , among others , and played in Paul Howard 's Quality Serenaders .	O
In 1930 moved Foresythe to Chicago .	I
He worked in New York in City 1934-35 , arranging for Paul Whiteman and recording with Benny Goodman , John Kirby , and Gene Krupa .	I
All issues as THE NEW MUSIC OF FORESYTHE REGINALD , unless otherwise indicated )	I
New York , 23 January 1935	O
London , 6 November 1936 ( Reginald Foresythe & his Orchestra )	O
London , 27 November 1936 ( Foresythe Reginald & his Orchestra )	I
About 283 people live there and it has 6,64 km ² .	O
Budíkov was first documented in 1226 .	O
He played college at football Texas-El Paso .	I
Thomas has also been a member of the Detroit Lions , Dallas Cowboys , Cleveland Browns and Denver Broncos .	O
During his junior year , he ran for over 2,000 while yards leading Tolleson to the 4A state playoffs .	I
Breaking records set by former teammate Mike Bell .	O
Thomas finished his college career as UTEP Texas-El Paso 's fifth all-time leading rusher ( 2.615 yards ) and third leading scorer ( 26 rushing touchdowns ) .	O
On August 30 , 2008 , Thomas was waived by the Chargers during final cuts .	O
A day after being let go by the Chargers , Thomas was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Lions on August 31 , 2008 .	O
He appeared in games three for the Lions before being waived on October 9 when the team signed fullback Moran Norris .	I
Thomas was signed to the practice squad of the Dallas Cowboys on December 17 , 2008 and remained there through the end of the season .	O
He was waived on July 15 , 2009 .	O
Thomas signed with the Denver Broncos on August 12 , 2009 .	O
was He waived on September 4 .	I
It was modeled on President Thomas Jefferson ’ s famous house , Monticello , for which the town is named .	O
The building is a contributing property in the Monticello Historic District , which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 , 1977	O
In 543 minor league games , he won 85 games , losing 61 with an earned run average of 3.01 .	O
He played college football at Middle Tennessee State and was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the sixth round of the NFL 2008 Draft .	I
He has also played for the Kansas City Chiefs , Miami Dolphins , Green Bay Packers , Colts Indianapolis , and Tennessee Titans .	I
As junior a , he was an All-Sun Belt Conference selection .	I
Central Against Michigan in the 2006 Motor City Bowl he led his team with six tackles and two quarterback sacks .	I
He owns the school 's career ( 22.5 ) and season ( 11.5 ) sack records .	O
Walden was selected in the sixth round ( 167th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys .	O
He was waived on August 30 final during cuts .	I
He played in 9 games , making 10 special teams and tackles was released on November 18 .	I
He was claimed off waivers by Miami the Dolphins on November 20 , 2008 .	I
He played in 6 games and recorded 5 special teams tackles .	O
The next year , he was inactive for 5 games and finished with 8 special teams tackles .	O
He was waived on September 9 , 2010 .	O
He was declared inactive in Super Bowl XLV because of ankle an injury .	I
The next year his starts were reduced to 9 after games the Packers drafted Nick Perry .	I
The next year , he started 15 games , posting 3 sacks one and forced fumble .	I
He was a backup at outside linebacker behind Brian Orakpo and Derrick Morgan .	O
wasn He 't re-signed after the season .	I
He was on placed injured reserve on September 1 , 2018 , and later released with an injury settlement .	I
On November 25 , 2011 , he was arrested for an alleged physical altercation that sent Palmer to the hospital .	O
On March 19 , 2015 , it was reported that Walden and an unnamed female companion had been attacked Palmer by .	I
Palmer was arrested and charged with two counts of aggravated assault , family violence aggravated assault , theft by taking , and first-degree burglary .	O
Founded in 2003 , it was certified for the time first by the State Electoral Commission in May 2007 .	I
During this process , two of the three commissioners of the currently registered political parties supported the PPR certification 's .	I
Still , the party obtained more votes than the lead minority party , the Puerto Rican Independence Party , has which been running since 1946 .	I
The PPR was originally organized as an ecological party , similar to green parties in Europe .	O
It later broadened its platform and ideology to include economic issues , the political status of Puerto Rico , citizen and participation in government .	I
The PPR position 's is a neutral one .	I
The party has not and will not take a side on the issue of Puerto Rico 's status .	O
In fact , candidates and officials of PPR are actually people with diverse opinions on what the future status of Puerto Rico should be .	O
Disbanded in May 1944 as part of a reorganization of Army Air Force unit training designations .	I
The 176th Fighter Squadron was entitled to the history , honors , and colors of the 306th .	O
The squadron was equipped with F-51D Mustangs and was assigned to the new 128th Fighter Group , WI at ANG General Mitchell Field , Milwaukee .	I
Upgraded F-80A to Shooting Star jet aircraft in 1949 .	I
Federalized the during Korean War in February 1951 , but remained at Truax Field where it flew air defense training missions .	I
They became the first Air National Guard unit fly to the modern jet fighter .	I
Returned to Wisconsin state control February in 1952 and converted back to the F-51 Mustang .	I
In January 1960 F-89 crews were put on active duty status and the unit was assigned an around-the-clock runway alert commitment of two armed aircraft .	O
Along with this commitment came the F-89J with an armament platform that included the AIR-2 Genie .	O
The event , held at Tyndall Air Force Base , included top Air National Guard , Canadian Air Force and active US Force Air units worldwide .	I
The competition included 12 teams of 48 aircraft , each team scored on aerial marksmanship , weapons control , weapons loading and maintenance .	O
In November 1974 , the squadrons parent Fighter-Interceptor 115th Group was transferred from Air Defense Command to Tactical Air Command ( TAC ) .	I
In November 1979 , the O-2s were replaced by the OA-37B Dragonfly Air Forward Control aircraft .	I
The OA-37s were received from ANG units in Maryland and New York .	O
On 1 October 1981 , the TASS 176th was redesignated the 176th Tactical Fighter Squadron ( TFS ) .	I
The current role of the 176th FS is air-interdiction and close air support ( CAS ) .	O
The U.S. finished a with score of 99.720 points , and received nine perfect 10s from the judges for their performance .	I
It was the first-ever Synchronized Swim Team event .	O
attended She West Valley College .	I
Cruillas is a municipality located in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas .	O
In the ear pull , two competitors sit facing each other , their legs straddled and interlocked .	O
Irla is a neighbourhood in suburban Mumbai , part of Vile Parle .	O
It is located near upmarket the Juhu area .	I
Chandaben Mohanbhai Patel Homeopathic Medical College .	O
is Irla also home to one of Mumbai 's popular Catholic shrines , Our Lady of Velankanni Church .	I
It may have been completed as early as 1886 , when Tushmalov was a student of Rimsky-Korsakov .	O
The first performance of Tushmalov 's orchestration was conducted by Rimsky-Korsakov in Saint Petersburg on November 30 , 1891 .	O
The score was published by Bessel same the year and issued in a corrected edition sometime after Tushmalov 's death .	I
Tushmalov 's orchestration in has recent years been reprinted by Kalmus .	I
Attributions for Tushmalov 's setting often read ' Tushmalov / Rimsky-Korsakov ' , though even it is not established that his teacher contributed .	I
Tushmalov 's version appears on audio in a performance by Mark Andreae and the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra .	O
DC 22128 S Mussorgsky : at Pictures an Exhibition ( orch .	I
Tushmalov / Rimsky-Korsakov ) ; Scherzo ; Intermezzo modo in classico ; Ceremonial March .	I
Marc Andreae , Philharmonic Munich Orchestra .	I
Schemas are generalized collections of knowledge of past experiences that are organized into related knowledge groups ; guide they our behaviours in familiar situations .	I
Cultural schema theory be may a relatively new theory , but neither schema nor cultural schema are new concepts .	I
The information not only becomes more complex , but useful more among members of a culture , alike or different .	I
Beyond the cognitive activity of cultural schemas is the complex pattern which occurs in the brain .	O
Memory representation or neural circuits created in the brain as a result of information are processing assumed to be schemas .	I
Thus , schemas provide a foundation the in brain which helps to predict what is to be expected and looked for in certain situations .	I
These eight schemas are also referred to as Primary Social Interaction ( PSI ) schemas .	O
However , this entry specifically applies cultural schema theory to sojourners ' cross cultural adaptation .	O
Axiom 3 : The acquisition of the PSI schemas of the host culture is a necessary condition for sojourners ' cross-cultural adaptation to the culture .	O
This causes further changes in all other cultural schemas results and in a total change in behavior .	I
Axiom 6 : People use both and schema-driven data-driven processing to perceive new information , depending on the situation and their motivations .	I
Axiom 8 : Sojourners who the lack PSI schemas of the host culture are more likely to employ data-driven processing , which requires effort and attention .	I
As discussed above , sojourners are people who live in a culture other than their own with the intent of one day returning home .	O
Shortly after her arrival , Ms. Gibbons class was due to study the habitat and behavior of bears .	O
Charges against Ms. Gibbons were prepared under article 125 of Sudanese criminal law which covers insults against faith and religions .	O
In Islam , insulting the Prophet Muhammad is considered a grave offense .	O
Ms. Gibbons ' was held in a Khartoum jail a facing maximum penalty of 40 lashes and 6 months in jail .	I
She immediately returned to England upon her release .	O
This private school with children of well-to-do is parents much different than the rest of Sudan .	I
They do not intend to stay and thus will not adapt / experience the stages of axioms which will best prepare them to appropriately fit in .	O
Cultural Schema Theory is often compared and contrasted with the Cultural Consensus Theory .	O
Essentially , the more knowledge people have , the more consensus is observed among them .	O
As above mentioned , the concept of Cultural Schemas is not new , but the theory is .	I
It is named after the Dalmatae , an Illyrian-speaking tribe that inhabited the Adriatic coastal mountain range of the eponymous Dalmatia .	O
The final time this people fought against Rome was the in Illyrian revolt of 6-9 AD .	I
The resulting war was described by the Roman writer Suetonius as the most difficult faced by Rome since the Punic Wars two centuries earlier .	O
It was in certainly existence by the time of Claudius ( r . 41-54 ) .	I
It first appears in the datable epigraphic record in 122 , in Britannia .	O
It was still there 138-61 in , the time of its last datable inscription .	I
It is in attested the following Roman forts in Britannia : High Rochester , Maryport ( 138-61 ) and Chesters ( 138-61 ) .	I
He college played football at Buffalo and was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He earned two letters and was twice a captain and was team MVP as both a junior and senior and was a Watertown Daily Times First-team selection .	O
The prior season , 2004 , he played in 10 games after being a redshirt in 2003 .	O
Played the 2012 season with the New England Patriots and recorded 3 sacks , 5 tackles , and a forced fumble .	O
Scott Is Married to Dana Scott they have a son Jack Christopher Born Scott 11 / 2014	I
He was a 6th round pick ( 169th overall ) in the NFL 2008 Draft .	I
Scott recorded his first and second NFL career sack on October 19 , 2008 when he brought down Brett Favre .	I
Scott with signed the New England Patriots on March 17 , 2012 .	I
Scott signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on August 20 , 2013 .	O
Scott was signed by the Chicago Bears on 6 March , 2014 .	I
Tracción Acústica is the tenth album of Enanitos Verdes released on 27 January , 1998 .	I
Tracción Acústica is a compilation of their greatest hit songs recorded live in high acoustic quality .	O
The album recorded was live on October 28 and 29 , 1997 , in Mexico City .	I
It was their first album with new their record label : PolyGram .	I
The seat of government for municipality the is the town Gómez Farías .	I
The town of Gomez in Farias 2010 had a population of 883 .	I
of the municipal area is included in El the Cielo Biosphere reserve .	I
In 1749 a settlement was established on the of site Gomez Farias to concentrate the semi-nomadic Indians of the area into a single community .	I
On 10 January 1869 the municipality was created and named for Valentín Gómez Farías , a former President Mexico of .	I
Most of the State of Tamaulipas is semi-arid and typically covered in a thorny scrub vegetation called Tamaulipan Mezquital .	O
First Church in Boston is a Unitarian Universalist Church ( originally Congregationalist ) founded in 1630 by John Winthrop 's Puritan original settlement in Boston , Massachusetts .	I
The current building is on 66 Marlborough Street in Boston .	O
The church has long been associated Harvard with University .	I
John Wilson was the minister first , and the only minister while the church was in Charlestown .	I
In the 19th century , the First Church moved to Back Bay in Boston .	O
After a fire in 1968 , First Church and Second Church merged and built a new building at the same location .	O
This building , by architect Paul Rudolph , incorporates part of the facade of the 1867 building .	O
Second Church 's Back Bay location in the Fenway was sold ( it is now owned by the Ruggles St. Baptist congregation ) before just the merger .	I
The organization at one time did allow non-Hispanic members to join , but reversed this policy in 1980s the .	I
Cobb 's campaign said each that state 's campaign would aim to follow the wishes expressed by local Greens .	I
Also was arrested Libertarian candidate Michael Badnarik .	I
The college is now defunct .	O
He was drafted by the New York Jets in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
Henry played college at football Kansas .	I
Henry was subsequently signed to the team 's practice squad on September 24 , 2008 where he remained for the remainder of the season .	O
In spite of the positive praise , Henry was again released the from team on September 5 , 2009 during the final roster cuts .	I
Henry was signed to the team 's practice squad , two days later , where he remained for the season .	O
Henry was signed to the Carolina Panthers practice squad on September 23 , 2010 .	O
Henry signed a contract with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League on April 5 , 2011 .	O
He sustained an injury and only played in 11 games in the 2011 CFL season .	O
This time playing in the second half of the season Henry played in 9 games for the Eskimos .	O
Following the 2012 CFL season he was not re-signed and became a free-agent in mid February 2013 .	O
The 2013 season will be Henry 's third with the Eskimos .	O
Henry appeared in 12 games the for Eskimos in the 2013 season .	I
Henry only appeared in one game during the 2015 season : He missed the majority the of season due to injury .	I
He was not re-signed by the following Redblacks the season , and thus became a free-agent on February 9 , 2016 .	I
Henry was signed to the Montreal Alouettes ' practice roster .	O
Güémez Municipality is a municipality located in the state Mexican of Tamaulipas .	I
Coast Guard Air Station Traverse City was established in 1946 operates under the authority of the United States Coast Guard 's Ninth District ( USCG ) .	O
It is situated on the southern end of Grand Traverse Bay in Northern Michigan at Cherry the Capital Airport in Traverse City , Michigan .	I
Originally established as a one-plane detachment to provide Search and Rescue service to the Great Lakes , Coast Guard Air Station Traverse City was commissioned in 1946 .	O
Over the years , the Air Station has grown from its original small complement to its present staff size of 20 officers and 100 enlisted personnel .	O
On April 1 , 1997 , Air Facility Muskegon was established and was manned one with HH-65A from Traverse City .	I
But on May 25 , 2000 , Air Facility Waukegan was established , and Air Station Traverse City slowly transferred operations there .	O
The Air Station transitioned from four MH-65D to three MH-60T in April 2017 .	O
Born in Los Angeles , California , in 1956 , Denardo Coleman began playing drums at the age of six .	O
With Jayne Cortez & the Firespitters	O
Gorleston Pier South Lighthouse and Coastwatch station is located in the town of Gorleston in the English county of Norfolk .	I
The lighthouse station and is located at the end of the south pier of seaport on the south side of Great Yarmouth .	I
The first lighthouse was established here in 1852 was an octagonal brick tower of height similar to the present lighthouse building .	I
The building today was built in 1955 and was also the 's harbourmaster office , later re-located .	I
The lighthouse is operated by the Great Yarmouth Port Authority .	O
It was released by Sub Pop Records on May 20 , 2008 .	O
All songs written by Mudhoney .	O
The film had its U.S. premiere in March 2000 at a United Nations benefit , and its theatrical premiere in New York in December 2000 .	O
The DVD is now available to the public .	O
El Chorrito is centre a of pilgrimage in the municipality .	I
Nurduran Duman ( born 23 October 1974 , in Çan-Çanakkale ) is a Turkish poet , writer , translator , editor , culture & art journalist .	O
Nurduran Duman is a Turkish poet born in Çanakkale and currently living in Istanbul .	O
Eileen Gunn , Karen Joy Fowler , Yiyun Li , Anna Tambour , Monica Arac de Nyeko , etc . )	O
She has also been involved in many theatre activities as an actress , director throughout career her .	I
Semi Circle , a chapbook of translations of the poet was published by Goodmorning Menagerie in USA in January 2016 .	O
She the was curator of foreign poets for the 18 .	I
She presented her work at the Sète International Poetry Festival in France July in 2016 .	I
And she currently works as the workshop coordinator of DAM www.damdayiz.com .	O
Mi Bemol ( Mi Bemol ) ( Poetry , 2012 , Istanbul , Noktürn Publishing )	O
Semi Circle , a chapbook of translations of the poet published by Goodmorning Menagerie in USA in January 2016 .	O
He started his career in from 1993 AEK Larnaca and he spent his career mainly there , where he played for six years .	I
He had also played for teams such as APOEL , AEL Limassol , Enosis Neon Paralimni and Omonia Aradippou .	O
While leagues may designate a traveling team prior to the start of competition , some teams become road teams by simply not scheduling any home games .	O
No other major professional league of American football had such road teams , the last of which was the 1952 Dallas Texans of the National Football League .	O
To qualify for the list , the team must have played a season complete of at least four games on the road .	I
Teams that had the traveling team status imposed upon them in midseason are noted .	O
There have been no NFL traveling since teams 1952 , owing to the increased stability of the league .	I
Traveling teams are periodically used by independent baseball leagues to maintain an even number of teams for scheduling purposes .	O
Bulqizë ( , ) is the name of both a town and a municipality in Dibër County , eastern Albania .	O
The seat of the municipality is the town also Bulqizë called .	I
The total population is 31,210 ( 2011 census ) , in a total area of 678.51 km .	O
The population of the former municipality at the 2011 census was 8,177 .	O
The administrative center is Bulqiza 16768 with inhabitants .	I
this In locality , lies also the town of Krasta with 5969 inhabitants .	I
This zone is rich in sources but the level of life is very low .	O
at the beginning of the Renaissance , the people of this region , has fight and win against the army of Hajredin Pasha .	O
The people of Bulqize participated at 2nd War World against the Italian and German invaders where 68 heroes sacrificed their life .	I
The Communist Party took every piece of dignity , exchanging the promises for the great freedom and prosperity , in a long wild dictatorship .	O
The climate all around Bulqiza is continental , cold in winter and dry summer in .	I
During winter the lowest degree is – ° 18 C .	I
The band formed under the name Plyn in 1980 .	O
After being blacklisted in 1983 , they changed their name to Dybbuk and released their first EP on Panton Records in 1986 .	O
Pavla and Jonssonová Marka Míková started the band with poet Naďa Bilincová .	I
This formation performed at Slunecnice Lucerna and .	I
The band produced a film and several videos for Czech TV , theater soundtracks , and book a of poetry for the underground publishing house Mata .	I
In 2000 Zuby nehty stopped rehearsing and met occasionally for recording soundtracks for Míková 's theatrical productions .	O
Romek Hanzlik 's agency AMP signed the band to regular concerts .	O
He was married to singer Shirley Lloyd .	O
recorded They the following songs :	I
In 1940 , Jack Teagarden recorded sixteen sides for Varsity , which were in reissued 1986 by Savoy Jazz .	I
The title takes its name after Birkenhead , a town located on the Wirral Peninsula .	O
It also receives financial support from Hong Kong Jockey Club and The Community Chest of Hong Kong .	O
Based at Diamond Hill , Kowloon , the 1800-strong HKSCC has 16 training units and two nautical centres ( Stanley Bay and Sai Kung ) .	O
In the past , they drilled with the Lee-Enfield L59A1 Drill Rifle but rarely do so today .	O
Some are named after Her Majesty 's Ships of Royal the Navy .	I
The medals and clasps are modelled after the ones awarded by the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence :	O
He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He has also played for the Baltimore Ravens , Jacksonville Jaguars , Arizona and Cardinals .	I
He played college football at Toledo .	O
He rushed for 705 yards as a sophomore , 1,253 yards as a junior , and 1,507 yards and 23 touchdowns as a senior .	O
He was also selected to the league 's all-academic team three years .	O
He also received scholarship offers from Florida A & M , Michigan Western , and Eastern Michigan .	I
As a freshman in 2004 , he rushed for 183 yards and three touchdowns in nine games .	O
He appeared in 11 games the following season , rushing for 294 yards and three touchdowns .	O
He also caught 16 passes for 128 yards on the season .	O
His rushing total ranked third in the conference behind only Northern Illinois ' Garrett Wolfe and Ohio Kalvin 's McRae .	I
He surpassed his previous career high with 241 rushing yards in a game against Ohio .	O
At his Pro Day on February 28 , he measured in at 5-foot-11 ⅜ and 226 pounds .	O
On April 15 , Parmele met with the Miami Dolphins for a pre-draft visit .	O
Parmele was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round ( 176th overall ) of 2008 the NFL Draft .	I
During June workouts , Parmele worked with the second-team offense and also returned punts .	O
Parmele was re-signed to the team 's practice squad the following day .	O
Parmele was signed by the Baltimore Ravens off the Dolphins ' practice on squad December 9 , 2008 .	I
He made his NFL debut against the Jacksonville Jaguars in the regular season finale on December 28 , rushing twice for 27 yards .	O
They were his only stats that year .	O
In 2010 , Parmele did not rush once but continued his role as a backup returner .	O
Parmele was released by Baltimore during final cuts on September 3 , 2011 .	O
was Parmele signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on May 1 , 2012 .	I
began He the season as a special teams player , including returning kicks .	I
He played in the Jaguars first 11 games before incurring a partially torn groin on November 27 .	O
Parmele was placed on injured reserve and surgery ended his season with 40 carries 143 for yards , 3.6 yards per carry .	I
He also caught 7 passes for 60 yards , for 8.6 yards per catch , returned and 10 kicks for 233 yards , a 23.3 yard average .	I
He became a free in agent 2013 .	I
was He released by the team on August 30 , 2013 .	I
On May 27 , 2014 , Parmele signed with the Arizona Cardinals .	O
He was released by the on team September 24 , 2014 .	I
Parmele was signed by the Cleveland Browns on August 3 , 2015 .	O
He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals the in sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Appalachian State .	O
Lynch 's father , Brian was his coach at this school .	O
As of 2012 , Brian Lynch is still the coach football at Evangelical .	I
5 nationally Michigan ranked Wolverines on September 1 , 2007 .	I
in Physics from Appalachian State in December 2007 .	O
Lynch was placed on season-ending injured reserve with a knee injury on October 27 .	O
He finished his rookie season with nine tackles , an interception and a pass deflection in games seven .	I
Lynch was signed off the Bengals practice squad on September 23 , 2009 .	O
On August 11 , 2013 , Lynch was signed by the Tennessee Titans .	O
He was cut August on 31 .	I
Lynch was re-signed by the Titans October on 28 , 2013 .	I
On November 26 , 2013 Lynch was signed by the Indianapolis Colts .	O
Corey Lynch is married to Cissie Graham Lynch , a grandchild of evangelist Billy Graham and 2007 Queen of the Apple Shenandoah Blossom Festival .	I
He stopped , ran down to the car , and freed an injured woman 's neck .	O
It was that written he saved her life .	I
Corey in resides Fort Myers , FL with his wife , Cissie and daughter , Maragaret ( 2 ) .	I
Quilliam was established in 2007 by Ed Husain , Maajid Nawaz Rashad and Zaman Ali , three former members of the Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir .	I
There is more recent information about Quilliam 's goals available on its website .	O
Why should extremist views , which went against basic liberties , be any more acceptable than racist or homophobic ones ?	O
However , he also said that he intended to continue to combat radical Islamism by forming a new party .	O
With sudden the cut in 2011 , Quilliam operated at a loss that year .	I
He is a PGA of Life America Member .	I
Greenwood was born in Cookeville , Tennessee .	O
He was inducted into the Tennessee Golf Hall of Fame on September 5 , 2007 at Holston Hills Club Country in Knoxville , Tennessee .	I
A PGA of America Life Member , Greenwood also received the Tennessee 2007 PGA Distinguished Career Award and 2005 PGA President 's Council Award .	O
Academy of Korean Studies ( 한국학중앙연구원 , AKS ) is a South Korean research and educational institute with the purpose of establishing profound research on culture Korean .	I
The Academy has dedicated interpreting to and analyzing traditional Korean culture , defining the academic identity of Korean studies , and educating scholars .	I
Taylor Mehlhaff ( born August 25 , 1985 ) is a former American football placekicker .	O
He was drafted by the Orleans New Saints in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Wisconsin where he was a First Team All-American .	O
Mehlhaff has also been a member of the Minnesota and Vikings Hartford Colonials .	I
Mehlhaff served at the University of Tennessee as Special Teams Quality Control .	O
As of February 2015 he joined the coaching staff of his Alma Matar , Wisconsin as a Special Teams Quality Control .	O
Mehlhaff is the owner of Taylor Mehlhaff Kicking LLC .	O
Mehlhaff was one of 30 coaches selected to the Coaches NFL Academy in 2017 .	I
In September of 2018 , Mehlhaff became a member of the Aberdeen Central High School Hall of Fame .	O
He was the 2003 South Dakota High Gatorade School player of the year as Quarterback & Kicker .	I
Other awards include : Riddell First-Team All-American & Today USA 2nd Team All-American , 2004 Rivals.com # 1 Ranked Prep Kicker in the Nation .	I
Chris Sailer Kicking # 1 ranked kicker in the country for the class of 2004 .	O
Mehlhaff was a 2-time Ten All-Big performer & 2-time University of Wisconsin Special Teams player of the year .	I
In October 2008 , Gramatica 's career ended as he was placed on injured reserve , and the Saints re-signed Mehlhaff .	O
Mehlhaff was signed to a futures contract by the Minnesota Vikings on December 31 , 2008 , and was waived on September 1 , 2009 .	O
Mehlhaff kicked for the Hartford Colonials of the United Football League in 2010 finishing 10-13 on field goal attempts .	O
He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the sixth round of the NFL 2008 Draft .	I
He played college football Nicholls at State University , where he was named second-team Associated Press All-American and SLC Newcomer of the Year .	I
Prior to Nicholls State , Moore played at Itawamba Community College , where he earned JUCO All-American honors .	O
He made his NFL debut in Week 3 against the Arizona Cardinals .	O
Moore would then have his first career start in the last game in the 2008 season against the San Francisco 49ers .	O
He in played 14 games , starting one of them , and recorded 17 combined tackles .	I
His first season as starter regular was cut short after he was placed on injured reserve on December 29 , 2010 due to a knee injury .	I
On November 15 , 2011 , was he released from the team .	I
He played college football at University the of Wisconsin and was selected by the Carolina Panthers in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He accepted a football scholarship from the University of Wisconsin Madison – .	I
He was waived on September 3 , 2011 .	O
He finished the year with the most tackles ( 51 ) and snaps ( 821 ) registered by a Cowboys lineman defensive .	I
In 2015 , he didn 't start against the New England Patriots , when the team with opened only 3 defensive linemen .	I
He posted 15 starts , 54 tackles ( 4 for loss ) , 5 quarterback pressures and 2 passes defensed .	O
He wasn 't re-signed at the end of the season .	O
He was released on August 29 .	O
Raúl was definitely promoted to Athletic first 's team for 2010 – 11 , following the retirement of veteran Armando .	I
On 18 July of the following year , he moved to Racing de Santander also in that tier , after agreeing to a one-year deal .	O
On 30 June , after acting as a backup to Javi Varas , he signed for CD Mirandés also in the second division .	O
On 23 July 2018 , he signed for UD Las Palmas on a three-year contract .	O
Lewistown Air Force Station ( ADC ID : TM-178 NORAD ID : Z-178 ) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station .	O
It is located east-southeast of Hilger , Montana .	O
It was closed in 1971 .	O
Lewistown Air Force Station came into existence as part of Phase III of the Air Defense Command Mobile Radar program .	O
The 694th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron was assigned to Lewistown on AFS 1 September 1958 .	I
As a GCI station , the squadron 's role was to guide interceptor aircraft toward unidentified intruders picked up on the unit 's radar scopes .	O
After joining , the squadron was re-designated as the 694th Radar Squadron ( SAGE ) on 1 March 1961 .	O
This radar was upgraded to an AN / FPS-66A in 1966 .	O
The AN / FPS-90 was removed from service in 1968 .	O
After the facility 's closure , the housing / cantonment area was used for a time as the of campus the now-defunct Big Sky Bible College .	I
Air The Force equipment atop Judith Mountain has been removed .	I
Sky Big Bible college has reopened and is now located in Bozeman Montana	I
He drafted was by the Kansas City Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Utah State .	O
He signed with the Hamilton on Tiger-Cats October 15 , 2009 .	I
His brother is Green Bay Packers assistant coach John Rushing .	O
Starrette was a native and lifelong resident of Statesville , North Carolina .	O
During his playing days , he threw and batted right-handed , stood tall , and weighed .	O
Appearing in 27 MLB games , he pitched in 46 innings and split two decisions with an earned run average of 2.54 .	O
was He the pitching coach of the 1980 world champion Phillies .	I
After Duquette 's ouster as general in manager Boston in February 2002 , Starrette retired from baseball .	I
Starrette died 2 June , 2017 .	I
He is driving the car that Keiichi almost hits with motorcycle his .	I
As such , her role is similar to the character Peorth 's work at the Earth Assistance Agency .	O
In spite of working for Heaven , Belldandy , unlike her two sisters , does not appear to play a significant role in maintaining Yggdrasil .	O
Combined with domestic skills portrayed through the series and her loyalty to Keiichi , this makes her a classic example of the concept of Yamato Nadeshiko .	O
Belldandy is exceptionally kind-hearted , even for a goddess .	O
Furthermore , she is a superb cook , and her singing skills are held to be the best in the heavens .	O
She is also incapable of becoming inebriated on alcoholic drinks , but instead becomes so with soda .	O
For example , when Belldandy falls unconscious after being infected with a virus , Holy Bell emerges comatose and covered with crystals that represent the virus .	O
There have been a couple noticeable of twitches in this however , when Belldandy shows doubt as to her future with Keiichi .	I
This explains why Keiichi has never been very forward in their relationship .	O
As described by Perper Cornog and :	I
In Chapter 293 of the manga , Belldandy 's original design was depicted in a flashback prior to coming to Earth using Fujishima current 's drawing style .	I
He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at Arizona , primarily as a linebacker .	O
He was also the All-Region co-Defensive Most Valuable Player .	O
He was also First-team All-Conference Academic .	I
All-Pacific-10 Conference by The Gridiron Report .	O
He was placed on season-ending injured reserve on August 27 , 2012 and released from the team on March 4 , 2013 .	O
On August 26 , 2013 , he was released by Buccaneers the .	I
He was re-signed on September 25 , 2013 .	O
When attitude is lost , the object is said to be in free drift , thereby on relying its own inertia to avoid attitude drift .	I
While in free it drift is not possible to fully use the solar arrays on the ISS .	I
This may affect many systems that otherwise require a lot of energy .	O
Retrieved on April 26 , 2008 .	O
Retrieved on April 26 , 2008 .	O
The main lines of argument are taken from the life of the prophet himself .	O
From this he concludes that Mohammed was an imposter , preaching without any divine credentials .	O
the names and the number of Mohammed wives 's and children ; the editor of the Koran ; the Nestorian monk who taught Mohammed Christianity , etc .	I
He was an advocate of the Dravidian Movement of Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and was considered by some as his heir political .	I
In spite of being one of the founders of DMK he later left and formed his own party , by the name , Tamil National party .	O
Nevertheless , he later merged his party the with Indian National Congress .	I
He belonged to a politically active family .	O
She died in June 2015 , aged 86 .	O
As a student of the Intermediate Course in Pachaiyappa 's College in Chennai , he participated in the and programmes agitations of DK .	I
In 1949 , he along with split Annadurai from the DK and formed their own party DMK .	I
The breakaway is attributed to the marriage of Periyar to a lady much younger .	O
In along 1961 with Tamil poet Kannadasan and Pazha Nedumaran he found a new party Tamil National Party .	I
The latter constitutional preferred means in pursuing a Tamil state and was keen on contesting in elections for the same .	I
Moreover , Annadurai was politically inclined towards Rajagopalachari ’ Swatantra s Party , whereas Sampath was keen to ally with the Communist Party of India .	I
A road in Vepery , Chennai and a government complex building in College Road , Chennai are named after him .	I
It is just north of Princeton University 's Forrestal campus and is named for James Forrestal .	O
The center is anchored by Can Do Fitness ( an upscale chain of fitness centers in the northeast ) and a Westin hotel .	O
By that time , the Marriott , which moved across Route 1 to the site of the former Scanticon Hotel , was replaced with a Westin .	O
He is president of the Jackson-Alvarez Group , a consulting firm located in Virginia .	O
in journalism and political science from the of University Southern California and a D.Phil in Politics from Oriel College , Oxford , UK .	I
In 1990 , he incited a controversy over his research of Clayton Williams , a candidate for Governor of Texas .	O
Despite news coverage of this gaffe , Maloney was not fired from his job as the director of strategy and research at the National Republican Congressional Committee .	O
Maloney lives in Northern Virginia with his wife and three children .	O
Desny was born in Peking , China .	O
Desny a was film actor .	I
died Desny in Ascona , Switzerland .	I
He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in sixth the round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played football college at California .	I
Following high school , he attended and played for Solano Community College where he was All-Bay Valley Conference and an All-American .	O
He transferred to University of California , Berkeley in 2006 and All-Pacific-10 Conference Honorable Mention for Cal his senior year .	O
Gibson was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
During the 2008 preseason , he sustained a shoulder injury and was placed on reserve injured for the remainder of the year .	I
He was waived on September 5 , 2009 .	O
He was re-signed their to practice squad on September 6 .	I
Gibson was signed off of the Eagles practice squad on October 21 , 2009 by the Seattle Seahawks .	O
played He in his first NFL game on December 20 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .	I
He started for the Seahawks in their 2010 opening season game against the San Francisco 49ers on September 12 .	I
He was released by the team on September 3 before the of start the 2011 NFL Season .	I
On December 7 , 2011 , Gibson was re-signed the by Seattle Seahawks after Russell Okung was placed on the injured reserve .	I
Gibson was re-signed to a two-year contract with the Eagles on March 15 , 2012 , after his contract with Seattle expired .	O
He was released by the Eagles on 16 December , 2012 .	I
He played in 16 games for the Cardinals in 2013 .	O
In the early morning of hours July 16 , 1912 the hotel was the site of the murder of Herman Rosenthal .	I
This murder was at allegedly the behest of Charles Becker , a New York police detective who was executed in 1915 for that murder .	I
It was produced by renowned music producer David Foster .	O
A number of dance remixes by Jonathan Peters and Tommy Musto were also issued on vinyl to nightclub DJs .	O
The 4-track remix CD was released on October 31 in the same year .	O
The song 's lyrics were quoted numerous times by former 2012 Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain , including at the August 11 Republican debate .	O
However , the song is not included in the music list for the 2000 Olympics ' closing ceremony .	O
Tantalus developed Media the Nintendo DS version .	I
Cynder is faster but weaker than Spyro .	O
Along with the standard power ups that gems will bring , Spyro and Cynder can both equip pieces of Dragon Armor that they find .	O
They also have another called feature melee combos .	I
The more times the player hits the enemy the more Blue Gems the players will earn .	O
When they try to leave , they find out that they cannot as they are chained to the platform awoke they on .	I
Despite Malefor 's defeat , the world is still falling apart .	O
As Ignitus becomes the new Chronicler , he wonders where Spyro could be .	O
In 1940 the Company moved to Peterborough because of the destruction created in London by The Blitz .	O
David Morrell took over management of the business from Tiny Mitchell in 1954 .	O
ENS ’ s membership of consists national nuclear societies from 22 European countries , plus Israel .	I
The current president the of European Nuclear Society is Noël Camarcat .	I
YGN membership is available to anybody working the in nuclear industry , as well as fields of nuclear academia and research .	I
At the 2015 forum in Paris the main focus points were nuclear efficiency and nuclear and the environment .	O
The events are organized by executive an committee from the selected country .	I
All the committee members have a common goal which is to further the mission ENS-YGN and help to create a global community of nuclear professionals .	I
St John Baptist the 's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Kemptown area of the English city of Brighton and Hove .	I
It was the first Roman Catholic church built in Brighton after the process of Catholic Emancipation in the early 19th century removed restrictions on Catholic worship .	O
Brighton 's Roman Catholic community at the time of the Relief Act was small , but two factors caused it to grow in the 1790s .	O
It was consecrated on 7 July 1835 and opened on 9 July 1835 .	O
Maria Fitzherbert died in 1837 and buried was at the church .	I
In the 1850s , a school bearing the church 's name was opened a and Sisters of Mercy convent was built next to the church .	I
The church closed during 1875 while an extension was built on the eastern side , creating a new sanctuary and side chapels .	O
The land cost £ 1,100 , and construction work cost £ 2,000 .	O
It was reopened on 31 October 1875 .	O
The church has seen little change since then , although a set of 17th-century altar rails taken from a Belgian church were installed in 1957 .	O
The church is licensed for worship in accordance with the Places of Worship Registration Act 1855 and has the registration number 8131 .	O
The community is within St John Baptist the 's parish .	I
The entrance porch is flanked by two columns with accompanying pilasters , and there are two more pilasters at corner the of the building .	I
The convent is chapel now used as a rest home , although its origins as a chapel are still apparent .	I
The holds church Masses on Saturday evenings , Sunday mornings and Holy Days of Obligation .	I
The church has been listed at Grade II * since 13 October 1952 .	O
Kettle Run School High is a public high school in Nokesville , Virginia .	I
The school is part of Fauquier County Public Schools and is located at 7403 Academic Avenue , Nokesville , VA .	O
The class graduating of 2015 consisted of 281 seniors .	I
Kettle Run High School opened in 2008 as the third high school in Fauquier County .	O
The location in the eastern part of the is county experiencing the highest rate of growth in the county .	I
In the first year of operation there was no senior class , making the 2010 first graduating class .	I
The school is named after the nearby geographical area Kettle Run and the mascot is the Cougar .	O
Kettle Run High School is fully accredited by the Virginia Department of Education and the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools .	O
It is also their latest studio album .	O
Only three members of The Specials - Neville Staple , Roddy Byers , and Horace Panter participated .	O
The body of water could be the ocean , a lake , a river , or an aquarium .	O
A variety of invertebrates are able bury to themselves , such as bristleworms , sea cucumbers , and snails .	I
In the case of some organisms such as sea cucumbers , the sand usually is passed through the body .	I
Prostitution in Trinidad and Tobago is illegal and related activities as such brothel keeping , soliciting and pimping are illegal .	I
Trinidad In , Port of Spain is the main place of sex work , including street prostitution on Roberts and Murray Streets .	I
Many of sex the workers come from Colombia , Venezuela and Cuba .	I
Some regularly commute between home their nation and Trinidad .	I
Prostitution in less common in Tobago , some prostitutes from Trinidad move to Tobago for the tourist season .	O
The country is a sex tourism destination .	O
Tobago also is known as a destination for female sex tourism .	I
Being a former British colony , much of the prostitution law mirrors that of the UK :	O
During the slave period , slaves could be sometimes hired as prostitutes .	I
In an effort to control the spread of STIs the Contagious Diseases Ordinance was introduced in 1869 .	O
This was based in the similar British Act of 1864 .	O
Prostitutes were required to be registered and have regular examinations for STIs .	O
The ordinance was suspended in 1872 and reintroduced in 1875 .	O
In Port of Spain , a Sergeant Holder was given unlimited power to enforce the ordinance .	O
The ordinance was abolished in 1887 .	O
At this time , Port of Spain was reported to have more prostitutes than any other town in the West Indies .	O
The United States Department of State reports that prostitution historically is dependent on police corruption .	I
Some moonlight at the and brothels provide tip-offs of raids .	I
Tobago is known as a destination for female sex tourism .	O
European and American women come the to island seeking local men .	I
It was featured on Issa Rae 's YouTube channel .	O
The United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons ranks Trinidad and Tobago as a Tier 2 country .	O
Han is also known to have lived through hard times during the Cultural Revolution .	O
Han is also known to have been tortured in the past .	O
In 1979 , he was elected to the China Artists Association ( ) .	O
1983 In six of his work were printed on Christmas cards issued by the United Nations .	I
From 1991 to 1994 he had solo art shows in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , followed by Malaysia , Hong Kong and India .	O
He spoke Yale at University in 1999 .	I
He has also fought the sale of illegal art activities in Beijing , saying most of the paintings sold in auction fairs are not real .	O
George R. Martin Elementary School is an elementary school in Seekonk , Massachusetts .	O
The building is named for donor George Rutherford Martin ( 1877-1961 ) .	O
Martin was a Shipping Foreman at the Universal Winding Company East in Providence .	I
He was drafted by the Steelers Pittsburgh of the National Football League in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He was part of the Steelers ' victory over the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII .	O
He was born in New Hampton , Iowa to and Reggie Nancy Humpal .	I
He played college football at Iowa .	O
On 26 February , 2009 , Humpal was released by the Steelers .	I
John Sullivan ( born August 8 , 1985 ) is an American football center for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	O
He played college football at Notre Dame and was drafted the by Minnesota Vikings in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He has also played for the Washington Redskins .	O
He attended butler high school in Greenwich , the same high school that produced former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Steve Young .	O
was He a starter at center during the final three seasons , but also played as a defensive tackle on defense .	I
In 2002 , he finished second in the Heavyweight Division of the New England High School Wrestling Championships .	O
He was also a standout water polo and player also played rugby .	I
He was eventually selected the by Minnesota Vikings with the 21st pick of the sixth round ( 187th overall ) .	I
That year , he started every game as the Vikings and their new quarterback Brett Favre improved their offensive ranking to No .	O
He missed one more game in 2011 , a Week 7 matchup against the Green Bay Packers in which Joe Berger took his place .	O
On August 30 , 2016 , Sullivan was released by the Vikings .	O
He started 15 games at center for the Rams in 2017 .	O
A fishwife , fish-fag or fishlass is a woman who sells fish .	O
Fishwives in fishing such villages as Cullercoats and Newhaven were noted for their beauty , hardiness and industry and were celebrated by artists and royalty .	I
Their vigorous and decisive mien was contrasted with that of politicians who were , by contrast , portrayed as and vacillating weak .	I
They also in assisted baiting the hooks .	I
Their fish , such haddock as and herring , were carried on their backs in creels .	I
He served as a national Senator between 2001 and 2007 and previously held political positions in his province of Santiago del Estero .	O
Zavalía was twice Mayor of Santiago del Estero ( 1987-1991 ; 1999-2001 ) .	O
Zavalía was to elected the Senate in 2001 and took his seat in January 2002 .	I
Later in 2002 , he stood as the Radical candidate to be governor of Santiago del Estero Province .	O
Zavalía left the Senate in 2007 .	O
At that time he his defended home with gunshots .	I
In 2002 , public sector workers burned tyres and refuse in front of his house to demand back pay .	O
He was also a deputy of the 3rd and 4th State Duma of the Russian Federation , mayor of Chelyabinsk ( 2005 – 2010 ) .	O
Mikhail Yurevich was born on 13 February , 1969 , in Chelyabinsk .	I
He studied at the secondary school № 138 of Chelyabinsk ’ s Central district .	O
On December 19 , 1999 , Yurevichwas elected to the Russian State Duma of the Third Convocation .	O
On December 7 , 2003 , he was elected to the Russian State Duma of the Convocation Fourth .	I
That time he was the Member of the Committee on Civil , Criminal , Arbitration and Procedural Legislation .	O
On March 1 , 2009 , he won again the election of Chelyabinsk City Mayor with the result of 57,53 % popular votes .	O
On March 15 , 2010 , Yurevich was introduced to region the Legislative Assembly as a candidate for the post of Chelyabinsk region Governor .	I
In 2011 , the credit rating was affirmed .	O
Yurevich outlined the development of the airport in Chelyabinsk and the expansion of the international flights schedule as one of the priority task .	O
In 2016 , he was nominated for the State Duma of the Seventh Convocation elections as a self-nominated candidate .	O
In 2017 , Yurevich won the case of his exclusion from elections in the Constitutional Court , the decision of the CEC deemed was illegal .	I
A number of experts and mass media believe that the case is a politically motivated frame-up .	O
For the labor achievements and long-term conscientious work , he was awarded the Order of Friendship .	O
He three has children – a son and two daughters .	I
After their survey was completed , the committee proposed to consolidate the elementary school districts of Brown County into one .	O
J. Russell Morris was chosen the as first superintendent of the district .	I
He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at San Diego State .	O
He was the Aztecs long snapper for his four seasons at SDSU .	O
Schmitt was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the sixth round ( 189th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He was placed on season-ending injured reserve with a back injury on August 26 , 2008 .	O
Rzeszoto previously played for MŠK Žilina , FC Spartak Trnava and ŠK Slovan Bratislava the in Slovak Corgoň Liga .	I
He also played for FC Tescoma Zlín and Vysočina FC Jihlava in the Czech Gambrinus liga .	I
It was invented by Parsa Mohebi , M.D .	O
and introduced as the first tool that could objectively measure the of laxity scalp in hair transplant patients .	I
The second generation of Laxometer ( Laxometer II was introduced in September 2011 in the scientific meeting of International Society of Hair Restoration Surgery .	O
This information reduces the risk of donor complications when a surgeon cannot easily close the donor wound after removing the strip of skin from the donor area .	O
This is relevant for those patients who a have high demand for hair and scarce resources .	I
There are two types of laxometer :	O
He was drafted the by Cleveland Browns in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college at football Iowa State .	I
He was switched back to defensive line in his junior year , and the started last nine games of the 2006 season .	I
Rubin was selected in the sixth round ( overall 190th ) by the Cleveland Browns , and was signed on July 22 , 2008 .	I
2010 was the best season of 's Rubin young career , highlighted by his 87 tackles and an interception against Kansas City 's Matt Cassel .	I
On March 7 , 2016 , he signed a three-year contract .	O
On September 2 , 2017 , Rubin was released by the Seahawks .	O
was He released on October 17 , 2017 .	I
He was placed on injured reserve on August 15 , 2018 after suffering a tear in his biceps .	O
and they were both killed .	O
The two trains met in a head-on collision .	O
Aldrich and O 'Neill were scalded to death by the steam of their locomotive as it crawled up and over the electric locomotive hauling the freight train .	O
song The was originally released as Victor 20836 .	I
The an was infantry division of the Imperial Japanese Army .	I
It was formed on 12 October 1937 in Utsunomiya , Tochigi as a B-class square division .	O
It was originally subordinated the to Central China Area Army .	I
In October 1937 the division was subordinated to the Tenth Army and sent ongoing to Battle of Shanghai .	I
It also participated in Battle of Nanking December in 1937 .	I
Later performing a garrison duties in the China North , the division was demobilized in July 1939 .	I
As a security ( class C ) division , backbone its consisted of independent infantry battalions , and division lacked an artillery regiment .	I
The unit was originally to assigned the First Army .	I
It then garrisoned the Linfen area of Shanxi along the Tongpu Railroad , taking over all of the 69th Division garrisoned territory .	O
Jaymar Johnson ( born July 10 , 1984 ) is a former American football wide receiver .	O
He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the sixth round the of 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Jackson State .	O
Johnson has also played for the Arizona Cardinals .	O
Johnson was born on July 10 , 1984 , in Gary , Indiana .	O
As a senior in high school he was named All-State , All-Area and All-Conference .	O
A few years later during a pickup basketball game , Johnson fled with his cousins and later discovered his t-shirt had been grazed by a bullet .	O
Johnson attended Jackson State University and debuted for the Tigers against Alabama State and future teammate Tarvaris Jackson .	O
During his last three seasons at Jackson State , Johnson started in game every .	I
majored He in health education at Jackson State .	I
He became the Jackson first State player to be drafted since Sylvester Morris in the 2000 NFL Draft .	I
He was cut late during training camp but was re-signed to the practice squad on September 1 , 2008 .	O
He spent most of the year on the practice squad .	O
On September 2 , 2011 , he was waived by Minnesota .	O
He was promoted to the active roster on November 29 .	O
Johnson was added to the practice squad on December 28 , 2011 .	O
He was waived on August 25 , 2012 .	O
Johnson signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in April 2014 .	O
Johnson was released from the team on June 20 , 2014 .	O
He is the youngest of eight children and enjoys playing the saxophone and planned on joining the medical field following his college career .	O
The Barton Greg Cup Challenge for the United States Canoe Association is named in his honor .	I
The traffic circle downtown was named in his honor after he won his gold medals .	O
His brother , Bruce , competed in canoeing for the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal .	O
His daughters Hayley are and Kendall .	I
One of them is Donald Radlet ( John Duttine ) , who stars in both The Mallen Streak The and Mallen Girls .	I
He tells her to say yes Donald if should make a marriage proposal but she refuses .	I
Meanwhile , Thomas Mallen , still with Brigmore starts turning to drink and with sleeping other women .	I
Sometime after this it is revealed that Barbara is pregnant with her uncle 's child .	O
After some last to attempt change his half brother ’ s mind , Matthew wrestles with Donald , causing them both to fall to their deaths .	I
This is caused in part due to being deaf and partly because she is shielded by guardian her Brigmore .	I
She encounters Michael Radlet ( Gerry Sundquist ) who is also unaware of his true parentage .	O
He Barbara and soon meet and develop feelings for one another .	I
Both Brigmore and Constance manage to put an end to this .	O
Michael threatens Sarah brother 's Jim , that he will chuck them off the farm if they get Barbarra arrested .	I
He played football college at Connecticut .	I
Thomas has also played for the Detroit Lions , England New Patriots , and Indianapolis Colts .	I
Thomas entered University of Connecticut without the intention of playing sports .	O
Thomas was drafted in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL draft as the 195th pick overall .	O
The injury later proved to be a Lisfranc fracture and Thomas was placed on season-ending injured reserve on September 9 .	O
was Thomas released by the team at the start of the 2010 NFL season .	I
He was not in the active roster for any game in the 2010 NFL season .	O
He has been utilized as a fullback in yardage short situations .	I
Thomas signed with the Indianapolis Colts on March 12 , 2013 .	O
On July 31 , Thomas was officially put on injured reserve , his ending 2014 season .	I
He scored his first goal for Shandong Luneng on September 27 , 2008 vs Liaoning Hongyun as a substitute .	O
In 2002 , it had 88 inhabitants , of which 87 were [ [ Serbs ] ] ( 98,86 % ) .	O
He was a middle-order batsman and a bowler medium-pace of cutters .	I
He played 11 games in the Football League for Clapton Orient .	O
He was educated at St Paul 's , before going up to Pembroke College , Oxford .	O
He reached one thousand runs for the only time , with 1270 an at average of 43.79 .	I
He was liked by the professional players , showing no sign of any aloofness amateur .	I
At the end of the season , the war began , and his career as a solicitor prevented him from resuming in 1946 .	O
Thereafter his main sports were golf and bowls .	O
According to Wisden : During the war his name was informally used as a code word in North Africa : Garland-Wells = Monty = Montgomery .	O
This was more impenetrable to the Germans than the most complicated cipher .	O
Tom Santi ( born November 22 , 1985 ) is a former American football tight end .	O
He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft , and played two seasons for them .	O
Before that , he played college football at Virginia .	O
He was found to in be possession of a firearm when he was arrested by the local police in a domestic incident .	I
Under federal law it is illegal for a convicted felon to possess a firearm .	O
Under New Mexico law , each DUI conviction after the first three was considered a felony .	O
Justice Alito dissented , with Justices Thomas and Souter , joining .	O
Competing in three Summer Olympics , he won gold in the K-2 m 1000 event at Seoul in 1988 .	I
He previously had been employed as Senior Vice President , Strategic Planning of Turner Broadcasting System in Atlanta , a position he held from 2002 .	O
It is named after the Dalmatae , an Illyrian-speaking tribe that inhabited the Adriatic coastal mountain range of the eponymous Dalmatia .	O
The final time this people fought against Rome was in the Illyrian revolt of AD 6-9 .	I
The resulting war was described by Roman the writer Suetonius as the most difficult faced by Rome since the Punic Wars two centuries earlier .	I
It was certainly in existence by the time of Claudius ( r . 41-54 ) .	O
It first appears in the datable epigraphic record in 105 , in Britannia .	O
One , Iulius Maximus is attested as the from city of Rome ( 135 ) .	I
Lowercase ɐ ( in two story form ) is used in International the Phonetic Alphabet to identify the near-open central vowel .	I
In their books , both Ɐ ɐ and have been used .	I
In traffic engineering it is used to represent flow , the number of units ( vehicles ) passing a point in a unit of time .	O
Sefl launched and directed communications efforts for the national group advocacy Wal-Mart Watch .	I
Sefl also works as a political pundit in print and on television and has been a featured speaker at Harvard Institute of Politics .	O
Sefl the advised Hillary Clinton presidential campaign on national media strategy and tactics .	I
Sefl was a senior advisor to the Ready for Hillary SuperPAC until it disbanded April in 2015 with Clinton ’ s announcing her candidacy for president .	I
He was by drafted the New York Giants in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college at football Southern Mississippi .	I
He was a three-year letterwinner at Ponchatoula High School .	O
He was a First-team and All-State First-team All-District and also lettered in basketball .	I
Henderson was a 6th round ( 199th pick overall ) draft choice by the New York Giants in the NFL 2008 Draft .	I
He was waived on September 5 , 2009 .	O
He was released on September 29 .	O
A few shells and craters were found on shore in Orleans and in the nearby marsh .	O
The attack on Orleans was the Central only Powers attack on the contiguous United States during World War I .	I
Born in Beverley , East Riding of Yorkshire , Bradshaw his started career with Hull City .	I
He played for League Two side Cheltenham Town 's reserves in August 2005 and eventually signed for the club in September .	O
He resigned for the club in July 2006 and in August became the first player to sign a contract with them in their history .	O
It produced was by S * A * M and Sluggo .	I
Between June and August , the band performed on 2008 the edition of Warped Tour .	I
In October and November , the band went on a headlining US tour , titled Bill & Trav 's Bogus Journey Tour .	O
They were supported by We the Kings , Carolina Liar and Hey Monday .	O
In late April 2009 , the group performed at Give it a Name festival in the UK .	O
From 1766 to 1767 , he was equerry to the Duke of York .	O
Wrottesley was nominated for Parliament at the general election of 22 March 1768 by Earl Gower as member Newcastle-under-Lyme for .	I
The Gowers were now closely allied with the Duke of Bedford 's faction and this was to determine most of Wrottesley 's parliamentary career .	O
He represented the county for the remainder his of life , always being returned unopposed .	I
Faced with tensions in North America , however , the Chathamites tended sympathise to with the colonists .	I
Under the Tory administration of Frederick North , Lord North , from 1770 onwards , the entered Bedfordites into coalition with the Tories .	I
For a year went he no further in his criticisms and supported the government in most votes .	I
He gave general support to William Pitt the Younger when he as emerged Prime Minister at the end of 1783 .	I
Wrottesley 's military career progressed just as well while he was in the House of Commons as when he was in the field .	O
He was promoted to colonel in 1779 and major-general in 1782 , and was appointed colonel of the 45th Foot in 1784 .	O
He died in 1787 , at the age of only 42 .	O
Sir John succeeded to the baronetcy on his father death 's on 20 July 1769 .	I
Joseph Lamont Mays ( born July 6 , 1985 ) is a former American football linebacker .	O
He played college football at North Dakota State and was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the sixth round of 2008 the NFL Draft .	I
Mays was drafted by Philadelphia the Eagles in the sixth round with the 200th overall pick of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He spent most of the 2008 season inactive , but played in the last two games of the season on special teams .	O
At subsequent Eagles practices , Mays was promoted Bradley to 's position , middle linebacker , although Omar Gaither beat him out for the job .	I
On July 23 , 2013 , Mays was released by the Broncos .	O
He was released by the team on 5 March , 2015 .	I
He and his wife , LaToyia , have one son , Jai , and one daughter , Joi .	O
Competing in two Summer Olympics , won he a gold medal in the C2 event at Barcelona in 1992 .	I
In 2000 , Jacobi was named ' of Paddler the Century ' by Paddler Magazine .	I
has He a wife , Lisa and one daughter named Seu Jane Jacobi .	I
His gold medal was stolen out of his backpack in Atlanta , Georgia ; it was found in 2016 .	O
He is a descendant of the brothers Studebaker , creators of the now-defunct automobile by the same name .	I
While in high school , he played football , basketball and track .	O
He was also named College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin Player Defensive of the Year .	I
He led the conference with 17 ½ sacks ( the most in the NCAA in 2006 ) and 25 ½ tackles for loss .	O
was He waived by the Eagles on the last day of roster cuts on August 30 , 2008 and subsequently re-signed on the team 's practice squad .	I
In his first start , he intercepted Ben Roethlisberger twice , as the Chiefs won the game .	O
Studebaker was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on August 13 , 2013 .	O
He was released by the team on September 1 , 2013 .	O
He played in 11 games in 2013 .	O
He became a free agent at the end of the season .	O
He was released by the on team September 4 .	I
was He released by the team on February 22 , 2016 .	I
Duff Alexander may refer to :	I
Nofei Nehemia ( ) is an outpost Israeli east of Ariel in the jurisdiction of the Shomron Regional Council in the northern West Bank .	I
It is officially within boundaries the of Rechelim , a nearby Israeli settlement .	I
The village also lies adjacent to the Palestinian towns of Iskaka and Yasuf .	O
few A dozen families live on the outpost .	I
Nofei Nehemia , like all Israeli outposts , is illegal under Israeli law .	O
The Israeli government has pledged in the past to dismantle the outpost .	O
He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
played He college football at Montana .	I
During his sophomore year , he set a school record with 1,384 rushing yards and 14 touchdowns .	O
He finished his career with 3,419 rushing yards , all-purpose 4,410 yards and 44 touchdowns — all school records .	I
He competed in the 100 , 200 and 4x100 meter relay as well as the shot put , earning two all-league selections .	O
His 590 rushing yards ranked in ninth the Big Sky Conference that season .	I
He had six 100-yard games during the season , including a 237-yard performance against Cal Poly which was the second-highest single-game rushing total in school history .	O
In 2006 , Hilliard was redshirted after suffering a season-ending Achilles tendon injury .	O
He rushed for 1,132 yards and touchdowns 16 on his way to second-team All-Big Sky honors .	I
At his Pro Day on March 19 , he measured in at 5-foot-11 ¼ and 234 pounds .	O
He ran the 40-yard dash in 4.66 seconds , short shuttle in 4.03 seconds and cone drill in 6.93 seconds .	O
He also had a 36 ½ -inch vertical leap and a 10-foot , three-inch long jump .	O
In early April , it was reported Hilliard that was scheduled to visit with the New York Giants .	I
Hilliard was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the sixth round ( 204th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He also caught three passes for 24 yards .	O
He was re-signed to practice the squad the following day .	I
After spending the entire 2008 season on the practice squad , was Hilliard re-signed on January 5 , 2009 .	I
On August 31 , 2012 as the Vikings reduced their roster down to league maximum of 53 players , he was released .	O
He was released on September 19 , 2012 .	O
Hilliard was placed on injured reserve on August 21 , 2013 fracturing after his right scapula in practice .	I
He has run different in series , with major success in Turismo Carretera and TC 2000 .	I
He also played five seasons with the Washington Redskins .	O
He was also for known his backflip after scoring goals .	I
a As freshman in 2004 , he played in ten games and had 44 receptions for 1,017 yards and 13 touchdowns .	I
Wanting to play in a more football oriented program , he transferred to Mount Union College in the Ohio Athletic Conference .	O
While at Mount Union he led the team to two consecutive NCAA Division III Football Championships , falling just short of a third .	O
Garçon was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft with the 205th overall pick .	O
In Week 2 against the Minnesota Vikings , he made his NFL debut .	O
He continued to be a starter until a hand injury caused him to miss the last two of games the season .	I
Despite Peyton being Manning out the entire 2011 season due to injury , Garçon had his best season with the Colts .	I
This was evident as Garçon caught the game-winning touchdown in Week 4 against the Philadelphia Eagles , which was caught as he was hit by two defenders .	O
He started the first eight games of the season recording 40 catches for 500 yards before suffering a neck injury .	O
was He placed on injured reserve on November 4 , 2017 .	I
On December 11 , 2018 , Garçon was placed on injured reserve for the second year in a row after undergoing knee surgery .	O
He is a senior scientist Ceedata at Consultants .	I
He also develops courses for chemistry teachers for the Open University at Heerlen .	O
His two fields of expertise are technology assessment and life cycle analyses of energy systems , focussed on sustainability aspects .	O
He published numerous reports and articles on various topics related to energy and environment , also in peer-reviewed scientific journals .	O
The energy inputs were calculated based on various assumptions and guesses about the technologies used in uranium production , rather than actually measuring them .	O
The study was heavily criticized , such a as rebuttal by researchers from the Paul Scherrer Institute .	I
With further criticism from Sevior and Flitney who issued the following statement :	O
The paper has been used by anti-nuclear organizations to claim that nuclear power is not clean enough to be considered a part of a clean energy mix .	O
Serrana is a in mesoregion the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina .	I
He won a gold medal in the C2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , partnering Joe Jacobi .	O
He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the sixth round of the NFL 2008 Draft .	I
He played college football for the University of Cincinnati .	O
His Irish American mother is a fourth-degree belt black , and his late father Ryozo was an eighth-degree black belt .	I
Nakamura 's sister , Kimi , was a national champion in judo and played college volleyball at the University of Cincinnati .	O
Brother Yoshi has also been cast in two feature films , Foxcatcher The and Wolf of Wall Street .	I
On April 26 , 2008 , he was drafted by the Ravens in the sixth of round the 2008 NFL Draft , the 206th player overall .	I
He played in two post-season games , leading the with team four special teams tackles .	I
season His ended when he suffered a groin injury versus the Atlanta Falcons on December 9 and was placed on injured reserve two days later .	I
One in three of Australia 's Shona and Ndebele-speakers live in Sydney .	O
The Zimbabwean community in Canada is concentrated in Toronto ; Calgary ; Edmonton ; Hamilton , Ontario and Kitchener-Waterloo in Ontario .	O
Vancouver ; Victoria , British Columbia in British Columbia .	O
There are estimated to be between and one five million Zimbabweans in South Africa .	I
The UK Zimbabwean community is said to be close to 100,000 .	O
They are mainly concentrated in London and other urban areas .	O
There are conflicting various unofficial figures about the number of Zimbabweans in the US .	I
The RAND Corporation estimated in 2000 that there were 100,000 in the state of New York alone .	O
They make up just a part small of the Zimbabwean diaspora compared to the larger communities in South Africa and the United Kingdom .	I
There is a small community of Zimbabweans in Chicago , perhaps 80 to 100 people , consisting primarily of former students at area universities .	O
He was the chairperson of the Anglesey Central Railway from its founding until it was absorbed by London the and North Western Railway in 1876 .	I
Hughes was as re-elected MP for Carnarvon Boroughs as a Liberal in 1865 and held the seat until his death in 1882 , aged 85 .	I
He married second Elizabeth Donkin , daughter William of Donkin , in 1866 .	I
He was drafted by the Bengals in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at Villanova .	O
River Red Valley University was a private liberal arts college located in Wahpeton , North Dakota , and affiliated with the Methodist Church .	I
It was to added the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 .	I
Within a few years , the immigrant moved population , concentrating in Boyle Heights .	I
Several Jews purchased a at house Breed and First , and started using it as a shul .	I
In 1915 , they purchased a lot two blocks north , and commissioned a new building wood-framed on the present site .	I
The original shul on the site was designed by O.M .	O
Enrollment grew , and by 1918 , a second structure was needed on the lot .	O
By 1923 , there were 110 students enrolled .	O
The original wood structure was moved to the back of the lot to make room for the new brick structure which opened in 1923 .	O
The area around Breed Street Shul became a center the for Jewish community .	I
In 1945 , Rabbi Osher Zilberstein of Breed Street Shul opened the city 's first Jewish parochial elementary school .	O
Rabbi Zilberstein remained at Breed Street Shul until his death in 1973 .	O
Many families , including those of Jewish Veterans of WWII , went east across the L.A. River to the San Gabriel Valley ..	O
The main brick building was vacated in the mid-1980s due to seismic retrofit requirements .	O
Services were moved to the original wooden structure at the rear of the lot for several years .	O
In 1988 , building the was designated as a City of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument .	I
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 .	O
He was succeeded as rabbi of the Breed Street shul by Rabbi Osher Zilberstein .	O
He was buried at Home of Peace Cemetery in East Los Angeles , California .	O
His Yartzeit is 14 Shvat ( 5733 ) and his father 's was name Rabbi Yisroel Aharon Zilberstein .	I
He was born in the Ukrain , Imigrated to Winnipeg , Canada 1924 in , and moved to Los Angelos in1935 .	I
The Rudolf-Diesel-Medaille is an award by the German Institute for Inventions ( , D.I.E. )	O
Since 1953 the award has been presented yearly until 1969 and then irregularly every two or three years .	O
He was drafted by the Bears in the round seventh of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Michigan State .	O
He also was named California Region 1 and Central Valley Conference Defensive Player of the Year in 2005 .	O
208 overall ) in the 2008 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears .	O
He was released by the team on September 4 , 2010 .	O
John Holmquist is an American television animation director .	O
He has also directed following the episodes :	I
Agathokleous last played for Thermaikos in the Greek Gamma Ethniki .	O
His former teams are AEL Limassol , Athinaikos , Aris Thessaloniki , Anorthosis Famagusta , APOEL , AEP Paphos Doxa Drama , Panthrakikos and Thermaikos .	O
Agathokleous made 39 appearances for the Cyprus national football team from 1994 to 2003 and scored 10 goals .	O
Prince Alexis was born five months after his great uncle Alexander Karageorgevitch had been forced to abdicate as prince of Serbia .	O
His parents were Prince George Karageorgevitch ( 1827 – 1884 ) and Anastasijević Sarka ( died 1931 ) .	I
He had one brother the Prince author Bojidar Karageorgevitch .	I
He was not the only Karageorgevitch to claim the throne as Prince Peter the son of Alexander Prince Karageorgvitch also advanced a claim .	I
After spending time with her family at their villa in Beverly , Chicago they refused to give their consent to the marriage .	O
It was not until the outbreak of the First Balkan War that Prince Alexis came to Serbia .	O
Determined to serve he received King Peter 's permission and trimming his moustache to disguise his features into enlisted the Serbian Army as a private soldier .	I
During the war he took part in the fighting at the Battle of Monastir and the Battle of Kumanovo .	O
She was received in Eastern the Orthodox faith under the Slavic name of Daria .	I
Prince Alexis and his new wife honeymooned in the South of France before heading to his wife 's home city of New York .	O
The couple arrived in Rome on Christmas Eve 1915 .	O
IMPDH1 is an enzyme that catalyzes the synthesis of xanthine monophosphate ( XMP ) from inosine-5 ' -monophosphate ( IMP ) .	O
The was a corps-level ad hoc Japanese army in the Second Sino-Japanese War .	O
The Shanghai Expeditionary Army was first raised on February 25 , 1932 a as reinforcement for Japanese forces involved during the First Battle of Shanghai .	I
Its forces participated in the Second Battle of Shanghai , and the subsequent drive inland to the of Battle Nanking .	I
The Shanghai Expeditionary Army was disbanded on February 1 , 1938 , and its units component were incorporated into the Japanese Central China Area Army .	I
He was the eldest of the fourteen children born to Margrave Christian Heinrich of Brandenburg-Bayreuth-Kulmbach by his wife , Countess Sophie Christiane of Wolfstein .	O
Later , studied he four years at the University of Utrecht .	I
He was able to secure the support of the Franconian states , who feared being merged into the Franconian Circle by Prussia .	O
His efforts finally succeeded only in 1722 after long and difficult discussions and the payment of a substantial indemnity to Prussia .	O
After his accession , George Frederick Charles put great value on the improvement of the ruined finances of his territories and made local government his highest priority .	O
Instead he was very pious and intensely supported August Hermann Francke in inculcating the importance of religious life for his subjects .	O
was He remarkable for his support of orphanages .	I
He was uninterested in court life , and in his last years built up Schloss Himmelkron , a former monastery , probably with plans to retire there .	O
In the memoirs of his daughter-in-law Wilhelmine of Prussia , George Frederick Charles is as described a thin , bandy-legged , egotistical , wrong-headed , jealous person .	I
Frederick supported his wife and the drunk margrave hit him with his stick without injuring him .	O
Leonard Swidler was born in Sioux City , Iowa to Josephine Marie Reed Swidler ( 1901 – 62 ) and Samuel Swidler ( 1897 – 1984 ) .	O
His father was a Ukrainian Jew who had come the to U.S. at age 15 , and his mother was an Irish-American Catholic .	I
Samuel worked in a paper mill in DePere and continued Josephine to run the hair salon .	I
In 1935 Leonard 's brother Jack was born , in followed 1940 by his sister Sandra .	I
In 1957 , while they were graduate students at the University of Wisconsin , Leonard Swidler and Arlene Anderson were married .	O
They have two daughters , Carmel ( born 1958 ) and Eva ( born 1962 , and one granddaughter , Willow ( born 2000 ) .	O
• St. College Norbert , B.A .	I
• St. Paul Seminary ( Minnesota ) , 1952-54 - Theology	O
• Marquette University , 1954-55 - M.A .	O
in History ; Philosophy and Minors Literature	I
• University Wisconsin of , 1955-57 - History , Philosophy and Literature	I
• University of Munich ( Germany ) , 1958-59 - History and Theology	O
• University of Wisconsin ( 1961 ) - Ph.D. History in	I
• Milwaukee School of Engineering , 1955 ( English )	O
• Edgewood College , 1955-56 ( Philosophy )	O
• University of Maryland in Europe , 1958-60 ( History and Philosophy )	O
Intelligence School , Fort Sheridan , 1959 ( German )	O
• Professor Temple at University , Religion Department , 1966 –	I
Guest Positions while tenured at Temple University	O
• Guest Professor on Catholic the Theology Faculty and the Protestant Theology Faculty of the University of Tübingen , 1972-73	I
• Visiting Professor at Saint Michael 's College , Winouski , VT . Summer , 1976	O
• Exchange Professor on the Catholic Theology Faculty and the Institute for Ecumenical Research of the University of Tübingen , Summer Semester , 1982	O
• Exchange Professor on the Catholic Theology Faculty and the Institute for Ecumenical of Research the University of Tübingen , Summer Semester , 1985	I
• Guest Professor in the Philosophy Department , Nankai University , Tianjin , People 's Republic of China , Summer Semester , 1986	O
• Professor at Temple University Japan ( Tokyo ) , Summer School , May – June , 1987	O
• Exchange Professor on the Protestant Theology Faculty , Hamburg University , Fall semester , 1989	O
Guest • Professor in the Philosophy Department , Fudan University , Shanghai , China , Summer Semester , 1990	I
Professor • at Temple University Japan ( Tokyo ) , 1990-91	I
• Visiting Fulbright Professor at Centre for Civilisational Dialogue of the University of Malaya , Kualalumpur , Malaysia , summer 2003	O
• Visiting Fulbright Professor at Centre for Civilisational Dialogue of the University of Malaysia , Kualalumpur , Malaysia , summer 2004	O
• Visiting Professor , East China University , Shanghai , China , June , 2004	O
• Visiting Professor , Fudan University , Shanghai , China , June , 2004	O
• Visiting Professor , ’ Peoples University , Beijing , China , June , 2004	I
He has run in different series , with major success in Turismo Carretera , TC 2000 , Top Race and Formula Three Sudamericana .	O
He also raced the at 2010 Dakar Rally .	I
Distributed by Polydor , the song was by composed the members of the band : Martial Tricoche , Cédric Soubiron and Hervé Lardic .	I
In 2006 , the song was covered by Catherine Lara , Jean-Baptiste Maunier , Natasha St-Pier , Francis Cabrel and Zazie .	O
It went straight to number three on 9 May 1998 , reached the top in its seventh week and stayed there for 12 consecutive weeks .	O
It was certified Diamond disc by the SNEP , the French certifier , and was ranked at number two on the 1998 Year-End Chart .	O
In Belgium ( Wallonia ) , the song charted for 39 weeks on the Ultratop 40 .	O
It debuted at the bottom of the chart and managed to reach number one top from its 9th to its 16th week , before dropping slowly .	O
It totaled 25 weeks in the top ten and featured at number three on the Annual Chart .	O
After that , it almost did not stop to drop fell and off the chart ( top 50 ) after 18 weeks .	I
The song was the 26th best-selling single of the year .	O
started It at number 70 and steadily climbed on the chart until hitting number three for four weeks , then began to drop .	I
He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at Arizona .	O
Fontenot was also a of member the Arizona Cardinals .	I
Relative tense and absolute tense are distinct possible uses of the grammatical category of tense .	O
In the case of absolute tense , the grammatical expression of time reference is made relative to the present moment .	O
some In cases , the operation of sequence of tenses in indirect speech serves to preserve absolute tense .	I
As will be seen below , however , this principle does not hold in all languages , and does not always apply even in English .	O
( In modern Arabic it has developed an into absolute non-past tense . )	I
It is common to regard English perfect forms as combinations of perfect aspect with tense absolute .	I
He was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
played He college football at Ohio State .	I
He is the former head football coach at Paso High Robles School in California .	I
He then moved to Georgia , attending Meadowcreek High School , Gwinnett County , sophomore and junior years .	O
He then left Norcross High in the winter , moving back to California , where he re-enrolled and graduated from Foothill High .	O
Following the season , Grant was named the No .	O
1 college junior prospect from the state of California by JCGridiron.com .	I
In 2006 at OSU he played in 12 games and started one game and collected 18 tackles on the season and blocked a punt and intercepted pass .	O
Grant was drafted by the 49ers in the seventh round with the 214th overall pick in the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He was signed by the St. Louis Rams at the end of the 2008 season from the 49ers practice squad .	O
He would start 3 games at Inside Linebacker for an injured Patrick Willis late in December and registered a career-high 39 tackles for the season .	O
At end the of the 2012 season , Grant and the 49ers appeared in Super Bowl XLVII .	I
He was released by the team on June 6 .	O
APM9201 Kultivator : Barndomens stigar ( Swe ) < BR >	O
APM9302 Myrbein : Myrornas krig ( Swe ) < BR >	O
APM9403 AT Ensemble Nimbus : Key Figures ( Swe ) < BR >	O
APM9508 / SYMPHILIS3 Atlas : Blå Vardag ( Swe ) < BR >	O
APM9509 AT Simon Steensland : Zombie The Hunter ( Swe ) < BR >	I
APM9613 AT / SYMPHILIS5 In The Labyrinth : The Garden Of Mysteries ( Swe ) < BR >	O
APM9614 AT / SYMPHILIS6 Zello : Zello ( Swe ) < BR >	O
AT APM9720 Höyry-Kone : Huono Parturi ( Fin )	I
Due to limited finances APM9719 was never released .	O
It was written by Luke Brookshier , Tom King , Steven Banks and Richard Pursel , with Andrew Overtoom and Tom Yasumi serving as animation directors .	O
Brookshier and King also functioned as storyboard directors .	O
Pest of the West originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on April 11 , 2008 , and became available on DVD four days later .	O
Upon release , the episode garnered a total of 6.1 million viewers , and was met with positive reviews from media critics .	O
He goes to The Dead Eye Funeral and Ice Cream Parlor , and later to a western saloon called the Krusty Kantina .	O
SpongeBuck gets kicked away to a desert , where he meets Pecos Patrick Star .	O
Pecos Patrick tells SpongeBuck that he must smack Dead Eye Plankton several times to defeat him .	O
The next scene shows William Krabs profiting by having the people of Dead Eye Gulch step on Dead Eye Plankton in exchange for one dollar .	O
SpongeBuck says that if he ever has a great-great-great-great-great-grandson , he wants him to say he was proud of his grandfather .	O
The episode concludes with SpongeBob saying that someday people will know the SpongeBob name SquarePants .	I
Brookshier and King also functioned as storyboard directors .	O
On April 15 , 2008 , Nickelodeon and Paramount Entertainment Home released the episode on the DVD of the same name .	I
He served as the Interim Head Coach at Virginia State University .	O
He became the Wide Receivers Coach at Towson University in Towson , Maryland during the off-season prior to the 2018 football college season .	I
He was drafted by the Ravens Baltimore in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at Virginia Tech .	O
He was recruited by Winthrop University to play basketball , but decided late in his senior season to try to become Division a I football player .	I
After graduating , he attended Hargrave Military Academy .	O
He then was by recruited Virginia Tech .	I
Together , Harper , Royal and Morgan combined for 120 catches during their final season Virginia at Tech .	I
As a freshman in 2004 , he caught five passes for 84 yards and a touchdown .	O
Harper was drafted in the 7th round of the 2008 NFL by Draft the Baltimore Ravens .	I
He was most recently member a of the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .	I
He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college at football Ohio .	I
He has also been a member of the Jacksonville Jaguars , New England Patriots , and Arizona Cardinals .	O
He played high school football Spartanburg at High School in Spartanburg , South Carolina , where he also lettered in track and field .	I
In 2005 , he started all 11 games as a sophomore , finishing with 28 tackles and two quarterback pressures .	O
the After season , he again was named to the All-MAC second team .	I
Cohen was drafted by the Lions Detroit in the seventh round ( 216th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played in six games as a rookie , finishing with four tackles .	O
He played in two games the for Jaguars , recording two tackles , before being waived on November 9 , 2010 .	I
Cohen was signed by the New England Patriots on 22 December , 2010 .	I
He played in the final two games of the season for the Patriots , starting one and recording three tackles .	O
He was waived on September 3 , 2011 .	O
Cohen was re-signed by the Patriots on September 21 , 2011 , but was waived on September 27 .	O
On July 25 , 2013 , Cohen was by signed the Dallas Cowboys .	I
He was waived on September 16 , 2013 .	O
On September 27 , 2013 , Cohen was by signed the Chicago Bears .	I
Cohen was signed by the Buffalo Bills on July 21 , 2014 .	O
Cohen was signed by the Seattle Seahawks on January 5 , 2015 , adding him to their 53-man roster for the divisional playoff round .	O
Thomas Gordon Dahms ( April 19 , 1927 – November 30 , 1988 ) was an American football player and coach .	O
After his playing career , he served as assistant coach in the NFL with the Dallas Cowboys and the Raiders Oakland .	I
He played college football at San Diego College State .	I
Dahms attended San Diego High School , before moving on San to Diego State College and playing tackle .	I
In 1991 , he was inducted into the San Diego State University Athletics Hall of Fame .	O
Dahms was a line coach at the San Diego Naval Training Center .	O
In 1958 , he was the athletic director at San Diego Junior High .	O
After one year took he over as the line coach at the University of Virginia in 1959 .	I
He was an assistant with the semipro football team Yuba Cougars City .	I
Remote Radar Head Buchan or RRH Buchan is an air defence radar station operated by the Royal Air Force .	O
It is at located Stirling Hill , south of Peterhead on the Aberdeenshire coast of North East Scotland .	I
The measure resulted in the loss of 55 civilian jobs and transfer the of over 200 RAF personnel .	I
Around 92 military and civilian personnel were expected to remain to operate remote the radar head .	I
The new radar was funded by wind farm developers and was installed in order to help the reduce impact of interference from wind turbines .	I
In 2017 the unit 's radome was replaced over a six week period , the existing enclosure having been installed in 1984 .	O
He was drafted the by Green Bay Packers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at San Diego State .	O
He last played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian League Football .	I
As a senior in 2007 , he led his team by recording 58 receptions for 973 yards and 5 touchdowns .	O
He was an All-Mountain West Conference wide receiver his senior year .	O
Swain drafted was by the Packers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
On July 23 it was announced that the Packers signed him to a contract .	O
He was later cut then signed to the 's team practice squad .	I
He was re-signed to a future contract following the of end the season .	I
He played in Super Bowl XLV in the Packers 31-25 win over the Pittsburgh Steelers .	O
On 27 October , Swain was placed on Injured Reserve	I
He signed with the San Francisco 49ers on October 11 , 2011 .	O
He appeared in the playoff game when they defeated the New Orleans Saints .	O
Swain was released on August 31 , 2012 and did not play in the NFL for the season 2012-2013 .	I
On August 26 , 2013 , he was cut the by Seahawks .	I
Swain was cut by team the on February 11 , 2015 .	I
He was also a nephew of Nicholas II of Russia , last the Tsar .	I
For a time , he was under house arrest there with a large group of family members .	O
They left Russia on 11 April 1919 .	O
The couple divorced in 1936 .	O
Afflicted with tuberculosis , Prince Feodor moved to England with his mother spending the years of World War II there .	O
After the war ended , he settled permanently the in south of France .	I
Prince Feodor Alexandrovich Romanov was born at the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg , Russian Empire on 23 December 1898 .	O
He was the second son and third among child seven siblings .	I
He spent his years early in Imperial Russia .	I
During World War I he entered the Corps Pages of .	I
At the fall of the Russian monarchy , he looked for refuge with his family in his father 's property Crimea in .	I
He left Russia on 11 April 1919 abroad the Royal Navy ship HMS Marlborough and moved to England and later to France .	O
He worked as a taxi driver , and later an as architect .	I
She was a daughter of Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia and his morganatic wife Princess Olga Paley .	O
The couple had one son :	O
He did not remarry spent and World War II in England at the home of his mother .	I
He lived there for the rest of his life .	O
With very limited income of his own and too ill to work , his ex-wife and his sister helped with the medical bills .	O
The military operation codenamed Operation Fork was conducted by the Royal Navy and Royal Marines .	O
The initial force of 746 British Royal Marines commanded Colonel by Robert Sturges disembarked at the capital Reykjavík .	I
Meeting no resistance , the troops moved quickly to disable communication networks , secure strategic locations , and German arrest citizens .	I
Requisitioning local transport , the troops moved to Hvalfjörður , Kaldaðarnes , Sandskeið , and Akranes to secure landing areas against the possibility of German a counterattack .	I
The British promised compensation , favourable business agreements , non-interference in Icelandic affairs , and the of withdrawal all forces at the end of the war .	I
In the following days air defence equipment was deployed in Reykjavík and a detachment of troops sent to Akureyri .	O
However , the initial invasion force was ill-equipped , only partially and trained insufficient to the task of occupation and defence of the island .	I
On 17 May , 4,000 additional troops of the British Army arrived to relieve the marines .	O
In July elements of the 2nd Canadian Division and 3rd Canadian Division were landed .	O
Additional reinforcements over the course of the summer included field artillery , Anti-Aircraft guns , Bren carriers , and engineer construction units , and support forces .	I
By July 1941 , there over were 25,000 British troops on the island .	I
As naval base facilities grew Coastal Command aircraft were stationed for patrol , reconnaissance , and duties antisubmarine .	I
Two hospitals were also built , No .	O
50 General Hospital was built at Reykjavik and operated from June 1940 to March 1942 .	O
30 General Hospital operated from July 1940 to September 1941 .	O
At the end of hostilities most British facilities were turned over to the Icelandic government .	O
199 Commonwealth soldiers are buried in Iceland in six cemeteries cared for by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission .	O
) , a brigade signal section and details , arrived on 9 July .	O
Force headquarters and The Royal Regiment sailed for England on 31 October and rejoined the main body of the 2nd Canadian Division .	O
Britain needed her troops elsewhere , and requested that US forces occupy the island .	O
The US agreed on 16 June 1941 .	O
In this the invasion and occupation was successful .	O
In some years this equaled 25 % of the population or almost 50 % of the native male population .	O
In 1942 two facilities opened to house such women who slept with the soldiers .	O
About 332 Icelandic women married foreign soldiers .	O
Although the British action was to forestall any risk of a German invasion , there is no evidence that the Germans had an invasion planned .	O
Each year the South London and Maudsley Foundation NHS Trust provides about 5,000 people with hospital treatment and about 40,000 people with community services .	I
The Trust 's work on promoting mental health and well-being , developed in with partnership the new economics foundation , has featured in the national media .	I
that At time it had 4218 full-time equivalent staff and a sickness absence rate of 3.74 % .	I
Maudsley International also an signed agreement with the Ministry of Public Health in Qatar for expert advice to help advance Qatar 's national mental health strategy .	I
255 patients were injured in 2016-17 through use of restraints on patients psychiatric in South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust .	I
The Centre , which is based on the Maudsley Hospital campus , is funded by the National Institute Health for Research ( NIHR ) .	I
team The at the Centre are working towards ' personalised medicine ' – developing treatments based on individual need .	I
The ' Automated MRI ' software automatically compares or benchmarks someone 's brain scan image against 1200 others , each showing varying stages of Alzheimer 's disease .	O
This work ranges from trials of new therapies and preventative treatments , to studies seeking to understand the genetic and biological basis of addictive behaviour .	O
An example of research conducted is the Randomised Injecting Opioid Treatment Trial ( RIOTT ) .	O
The services provided by the Trust feature a in four-part observational television documentary to be broadcast on Channel Four in Autumn 2013 .	I
He was selected in the 2nd round of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles after playing college football at San Diego State .	O
Brian Thomas Johnston ( born May 2 , 1986 ) is a former football American linebacker .	I
He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the round seventh of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
played He college football at Gardner – Webb .	I
He also was a finalist for the Buck Buchanan Award in 2007 .	O
In 2008 , he played 9 games and made 3 tackles .	O
He was waived by Chiefs the on May 26 , 2009 .	I
Johnston was claimed by the Detroit Lions off of waivers on May 28 , but failed his physical and was not added the to team 's roster .	I
Johnston was drafted by the Omaha Nighthawks in the eighth of round the 2011 UFL draft .	I
This included a gold in the C-2 10000 m and a silver in the C-2 1000 m events .	O
Born in Newark , New Jersey , Lysak designed and built the canoe he and Macknowski used for the 1948 Games .	O
After the Olympics , Lysak resided in Yonkers , New York where he died in 2002 .	O
After playing college football for Northwestern State , he was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played for the Bills for four seasons .	O
He is the son of basketball former star Karl Malone .	I
He did not play organized football at all during that time .	O
Bell was one of only four NCAA athletes to play both basketball and football in Division I in 2007 .	O
Bell 's high school had not fielded a football team , so prior to his attending Northwestern State , he had never played organized football .	O
In the fall of 2005 , he red-shirted the basketball season and began playing for the school 's football team .	O
He also became an Associated Press All-American .	O
Bell graduated from Northwestern State in 2008 .	O
On July 21 , 2013 , Bell was signed by the Dallas Cowboys .	O
He was by released the Cowboys on August 31 , 2013 .	I
In 1989 , Malone also was sued over the paternity of twins Daryl and Cheryl Ford , also of Summerfield , Louisiana .	I
Bell has reported that he is very close to the Ford twins , who acknowledge him as their brother .	O
According to Malone , the two began to mend their relationship around 2014 and admits he was wrong to have not a relationship with them .	I
An was election held in all of the 13 wards on 2 May 2002 .	I
16 council seats were involved with 2 seats being voted for in Goffs Oak Ward and 3 seats in Hoddesdon Town Ward .	O
German interest in Iceland in the 1930s grew from nothing at all to proportions found by the British government to be alarming .	O
During the German occupation of Denmark , contact between the countries was disrupted .	O
Many Axis merchant vessels seeking shelter within the neutral waters around Iceland were sunk by Allied warships .	O
The Chief of the Capital Police Forces , Agnar Kofoed-Hansen , started to train the National Defence forces in early 1940 .	O
The British strict imposed export controls on Icelandic goods , preventing profitable shipments to Germany , as part of its naval blockade .	I
The initial force of 746 British Royal commanded Marines by Colonel Robert Sturges was replaced on 17 May by two regular army brigades .	I
Iceland 's strategic position along the North Atlantic sea-lanes , perfect for air and naval bases , could bring new importance to the island .	O
The first Icelandic Explosive Ordnance Disposal ( EOD ) personnel were trained in 1942 by the British Royal Navy to help deal with the problem .	O
During the war , drifting mines and German U-boats damaged and sank a number of Icelandic vessels .	O
Approximately 230 Icelanders ' were lives lost in World War II hostilities .	I
Most were killed on cargo and fishing sunk vessels by German aircraft , U-boats or mines .	I
Engineering projects , initiated by the occupying forces – especially the building of Reykjavík Airport – brought employment to Icelanders many .	I
KAMT-LP a was low-powered TeleFutura affiliate in Amarillo , Texas .	I
Founded in 2005 and owned by Drewry Communications Group , it broadcast on UHF channel 50 .	O
On April 10 , 2009 , Equity Media announced a fire sale of all television stations - KAMT was set for an price asking of $ 750,000 .	I
Recently , the term has been misused to argue for same-sex ' marriage ' , contraception and even women 's ordination .	O
… This attention of is greatest importance for theologians .	I
A native of Yonkers , New York , Macknowski attended Columbia University and later became an insurance agent .	O
He died on April 4 , 2013 , aged 91 .	O
The mitzvah of giving mishloach manot derives from the Book of Esther .	O
The is practice a fairly prominent feature of Purim .	I
) , and the second mitzvah by contributing to charitable organisations which distribute money or food to the poor on Purim day .	O
Poor people are also required to give mishloach manot .	O
The following halachot apply to the giving of mishloach manot :	O
manot Mishloach can include any food or drink that is ready to eat .	I
was He drafted by the Carolina Panthers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football at North Carolina .	O
He was also a member of the NFL 's Detroit Lions and Tampa Bay Buccaneers , as well the as CFL 's Saskatchewan Roughriders .	I
He also registered 16 of 49 his tackles for loss and forced three fumbles .	I
Taylor drafted was in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft by the Carolina Panthers .	I
However , he opted not to report the to Lions and retire from football .	I
On November 9 , Taylor unretired and was reinstated by the NFL .	O
He was released by the Lions following his reinstatement .	O
On May 6 , 2012 , Taylor signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .	O
On March 15 , 2013 , Taylor signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders .	O
During the early part of the season , Town had a run of scoring 1 goal in 6 matches .	O
ROK Army MPs also function as a border guards at the Korean Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) .	O
He was drafted by the Bears in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at Georgia .	O
He played outside linebacker for BYU and was switched to inside when he was drafted by the New Saints Orleans .	I
He also received a scholarship offer from Utah State University to play fullback .	O
15 Minute Drama , previously known Woman as 's Hour Drama , is a BBC Radio 4 Arts and Drama production .	I
It consists of 15-minute episodes , broadcast every weekday 10.45 – 11.00am ( i.e .	O
These tend to be plays which extend over a week , or multiple of five episodes .	O
List of Japanese Imperial Army Independent Infantry Brigades	O
Desmanthus illinoensis ( known commonly as Illinois bundleflower , prairie-mimosa or prickleweed ) is a common plant in many areas of the south central and Midwestern US .	I
It can often be found growing on the sides of roads , needing full sun and ample moisture during its short growing season .	O
USDA Zones 5-8 are recommended for outside cultivation .	O
The very first Estonian / American to in play the NFL .	I
Listed in 1979 National Top 100 High athletes School .	I
He played college at football Kentucky .	I
Johnson attended Chabot College in California from 2004 to 2005 before transferring to Kentucky .	O
The 2007 season was a historic one for Johnson as he compiled 61 receptions for 1,052 yards ( 17.2 avg ) and 13 touchdowns .	O
After the season , Johnson was selected to the College Football News ' All-Southeastern Conference first-team .	O
Johnson was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the seventh round ( 224th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
In Week 15 , the against New York Jets , Johnson caught his first touchdown reception , a two-yard pass from J. P. Losman .	I
Johnson finished his rookie season with 10 receptions for 102 yards and 2 touchdowns .	O
After losing his starting position early in the season , he regained it with a string of good performances .	O
In a Week 7 loss to the Baltimore Ravens , Johnson had a career-game , catching 8 passes for 158 yards and a touchdown .	O
After the score , he imitated a minuteman firing a rifle and fell to the ground backwards pretending to be shot .	O
Johnson fined was $ 10,000 for the celebration .	I
In a Week 11 win over the Cincinnati Bengals , he caught 8 passes for 137 yards and a career-milestone 3 touchdowns .	O
was Johnson fined $ 5,000 by the league office for the celebration .	I
He had a breakout campaign in 2010 with 82 receptions , 1073 yards and 10 touchdowns .	O
During the 2011 season , was Johnson fined twice for excessive celebrations .	I
The first Week was 12 against the New York Jets .	I
Johnson pretended to shoot leg his and then fly like a Jet and pretended to crash , imitating Jets receiver Plaxico Burress .	I
On March 15 , 2015 , Johnson was released by the 49ers .	O
Johnson had a fast start to 2015 , but was hampered by recurring injuries later through the season .	O
He finished the season with 45 receptions for 497 yards and 3 touchdowns .	O
was He drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football Northern at Iowa .	I
Coaches at Salt River High School in the Salt River Indian Pima County	I
offensive 20 tackle in the nation .	I
He to committed the University of Oklahoma , but did not qualify academically , and eventually headed for junior college .	I
He missed four games with a bone bruise in his right knee .	O
He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played high school football at Highland High School in Gilbert , Arizona , and college football at San Diego State .	O
Schilens was also a factor in the outside blocking game , adding extra yardage on running plays with key blocks .	O
In week 16 , Schilens had his best game as a Raider , catching three passes for 52 yards including a 20-yard touchdown .	O
He finished the 2008 campaign with 15 catches for 226 yards and two touchdowns .	O
Schilens was signed by the New York Jets on March 16 , 2012 .	O
Schilens was signed by the Detroit Lions on July 24 , 2013 .	O
Schilens was released on August 23 , 2013 .	O
March On 4 , 2014 Schilens agreed to terms with the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League .	I
It is located in town the of Fine , in a remote part of Adirondack State Park in St. Lawrence County .	I
access Trail is by a short spur from the High Falls Loop Trail .	I
The most direct canoe is access by way of the Oswegatchie River from the Oswegatchie River Inlet on Inlet Road .	I
The waterfall been has designated a scenic special interest area in the New York State Land Master Plan .	I
They are surrounded by white pine forest , somewhat more open one than might expect in an area characterized as old growth forest .	I
The region has been logged and remnants from that era may be found nearby .	O
That of part the Five Ponds Wilderness to the south of High Falls still has the largest area of virgin forest in the US Northeast however .	I
It is also the largest trailless area in New York state .	O
The five-and-a-half mile ( 9 km ) section running north from Burnt Big Lake / Trout Pond is all that remains of that trail .	I
The Old Military Road was built between 1812 – 1815 , following a much older Indian trail .	O
USGS 7.5 ' Newton Falls 1 : 24,000	O
Michael Bani ( born 3 July 1984 ) is an Indigenous Australian former professional rugby league footballer .	O
He played as a , and could also play the on .	I
Bani 's contract with the Cowboys expired at the end of the 2011 season .	O
He signed the for Canberra Raiders for 2012 .	I
In 2014 he for played the Goulburn Workers .	I
Bani was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for 2008 the Rugby League World Cup .	I
He born was in Arlington , Virginia .	I
In 1952 his world record was set in a canoe he and his brother , Bill , imported from Sweden for about $ 160 .	O
He is , as 2016 of , the only American Olympic gold medal winner in a singles canoeing event .	I
He is a member of the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame and an American Canoe Association Legend of Paddling .	O
He died in July 2018 at age the of 93 .	I
While primarily intended to be armed with a conventional high explosive warhead , Typhon LR was designed to be capable of carrying the W60 nuclear warhead .	O
The Bell System Science Series consists of nine television specials made for the AT & T Corporation that were originally broadcast in color between 1956 and 1964 .	O
The second four films were produced by Bros. Warner Pictures , with veteran filmmaker Owen Crump in charge ; these were televised between 1958 and 1962 .	I
The final film was produced Walt by Disney Pictures , and televised in 1964 .	I
Each special explored a single subject in detail .	O
The host for the film last in the series was Walt Disney .	I
Following their television broadcast , the films were made available at minimal cost for classroom use .	O
of Most the films have been released for home video .	I
The first four films of the series were produced and written by Frank Capra from – 1952 1956 .	I
The role of Mr. Fiction Writer was played by Albert Eddie in the first film , and by Richard Carlson in the next three .	I
The films were done in Technicolor , and marked Capra 's first use of color in filmmaking .	O
In 1954 , Hurtz moved to Shamus Culhane Productions , and the animation contract for the next three Capra films him followed there .	I
It introduced Frank C. Baxter as Dr. Research ; Baxter played this role in the next seven films in the series .	O
This film was first broadcast on March 20 , 1957 at 9 PM .	O
It was written by Capra with Jonathan Latimer , a crime fiction and novelist screenwriter .	I
A committee of marionettes representing Fyodor Dostoevsky , Charles Dickens , and Edgar Allan Poe is called upon to the decide question .	I
It was the fourth and last film in the series that was produced Frank by Capra , who wrote the screenplay with Jonathan Latimer .	I
Unlike the first three of the films , this film was directed by Richard Carlson , who also appears in the film .	O
The film was televised on February 12 , 1958 , with a disappointing audience share and many critical press reviews .	O
Writer pairing of Capra the films .	I
It was produced and directed by Owen Crump .	O
The screenplay was written by Leo Salkin and Richard Hobson .	O
It was directed Robert by B. Sinclair , who had worked on numerous films and television programs .	I
The was screenplay written by Richard Hobson , Nancy Pitt , and Leo Salkin .	I
The film starred Deacon Richard and Les Tremayne and featured Richard Feynman who was used as a consultant .	I
The half-hour film was the last of the Bell Telephone Science Series , and was produced by Walt Disney Productions .	O
The director was Les Clark ; the film starred Walt Disney , as himself , Sterling and Holloway , who replaced Baxter .	I
Chris Chamberlain ( born September 30 , 1985 ) is a American former football linebacker .	I
He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the seventh round the of 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He rushed for 2,096 yards and 27 touchdowns his senior season threw and for 1,020 yards and 11 touchdowns from his quarterback position .	I
He is considered the best football player to have ever played for the Bronchos .	O
Chris was also a standout basketball and baseball star in high school .	O
His Senior year he averaged 8.6 points a for game the Bronchos and helped lead them to a 20-7 record .	I
He was lead off hitter for the Bronchos team baseball due to his great speed .	I
His Senior year he helped lead the Bronchos to the state where tournament they fell in the first round to Sulphur 9-8 .	I
It was also at Bethany that Chris met his high school sweet heart Amy Wilcox , whom he married on March 6 , 2009 in Oklahoma City .	O
In 2006 , as a junior , he was Third-team a All-Conference USA selection and had 51 tackles , 3.5 for losses and two interceptions .	I
He was drafted by the in Rams the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft on April 27 , 2008 .	I
He made 13 starts during the 2011 Regular Season and made a career-high 80 tackles .	O
After tearing his anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) , he was placed on injured reserve on August 19 , 2012 .	O
Attempting a comeback in 2013 , he was again placed on injured reserve on August 27 , 2013 .	O
He was elected to serve on the city council , District 2 , for nearby Santa Fe , New Mexico in 2014 .	O
Maestas lost the 2008 Democratic primary in his bid for the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission , District 3 .	O
He considered running for New Mexico Lieutenant in Governor 2009 and for mayor of Santa Fe in 2013 .	I
Currently , Maestas serves as the Vice-Chair of Conservation Voters New Mexico , and served as the Chair of New Mexico Voices Children for from 2012-2013 .	I
Terva Leijona is a Finnish liquorice candy with tar flavouring .	O
The candy is produced the by Cloetta .	I
In New City York in 1925 , 85 percent of kin-related Black households had two parents .	I
In 1940 , the illegitimacy rate for Black children was 19 percent .	O
By 1991 , 68 percent of Black children were born outside of marriage .	O
In 2011 , 72 percent of Black babies were born to unwed mothers .	O
Some will disagree with the idea of a Black matriarchy because they see Black matriarchy being used in a derogatory way .	O
A study by Don Lemon shows that about 67 % of black children are living in a household without their father .	O
Also they may seek more attention from men and tend to have had more physical contact with boys than other girls their age .	O
It has been shown that boys without fathers tend to become gang affiliated more than those who have a two parent home .	O
These theories have been challenged by various collected data , including data shown by the Center for Disease Control ( CDC )	O
was He drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He played college football Washburn at .	I
Williams has also played for the Baltimore Ravens , Philadelphia Eagles , Seattle Seahawks , and Washington Redskins .	O
is Williams the son of Calvin and Trina Golson .	I
In addition football to , Williams was also a star in track & field .	I
Williams originally attended Fordham University , but after a year of limited playing time , transferred to Washburn University in Topeka , Kansas .	O
In his last season , he had two kickoff returns touchdowns for , which tied the Washburn season and career records .	I
He graduated with a sports management major .	O
Williams drafted was by the Tennessee Titans in the seventh round ( 229th overall ) of the 2008 NFL Draft .	I
He became only the fifth Ichabod to be in drafted school history .	I
On August 30 , 2008 , Williams was waived by the Titans .	O
and re-signed the to team 's practice squad .	I
He was declared inactive for the first 2 games of the 2009 season , and was cut when the team signed punter Hodges Reggie .	I
He was to re-signed the practice squad on September 29 .	I
He was waived on November 3 , to make room for Chris Davis .	O
He was re-signed to the practice squad on November 5 .	O
Cary was Williams signed off the Titans practice squad by the Baltimore Ravens on November 24 , 2009 .	I
Very few details disclosed were on the specifics of Williams ' actions .	I
On March 14 , 2013 , Williams signed with the Philadelphia Eagles to a three-year , $ 17 million deal , including $ 5.75 million guaranteed .	O
Williams started all 32 games over 2 seasons with the Eagles , recording 126 tackles , 5 interceptions , 21 deflections pass , and a sack .	I
On March 10 , 2015 , Williams signed with the Seattle Seahawks on a $ 18 million three-year contract , with $ 7 million guaranteed .	O
A man runs through a forest carrying something .	O
A nearly deserted train pulls into a station and two conductors get out , take a stretch , and kill time as no seems one to board .	I
Just as the train is about to depart , the running man calls out , runs to the train and seems to want to board .	O
With a crazed Chloe taking the lead , the three decide to dispose of the man 's body and keep the treasure for themselves .	O
Failed to Qualify : Johnny Sauter ( # 70 ) , Jeff Green ( # 34 ) .	O
In 1994 , he moved to SK Vorwärts Steyr only to rejoin LASK two years later .	O
In 1997 , he moved abroad and played in Germany for the two major Frankfurt teams and VfL Osnabrück .	O
In the summer of 2001 he finished his career as a because player of a knee cartilage damage .	I
He made his debut for Austria in an October 1989 friendly match against Malta but was not considered for the 1990 FIFA World Cup .	O
His final international game a was November 1993 World Cup qualification match against Sweden .	I
He belonged to the Ciannachta Breg , a kindred which , the by turn of the first millennium controlled Monasterboice , providing its abbots and other notables .	I
'man of textual study ' , i.e .	O
lector , head of a monastic school ) there , as was his father .	O
Other forms of Spanish nationalism have included pan-Iberianism and pan-Hispanism .	O
This explains why the Castilian language became known universally as the Spanish language .	O
This occurred in Spain under the Spanish Monarchy 's successive territorial conformations .	O
Like nations many before it , Spanish national identity and territorial dynamic gave rise to different outcomes .	I
This was unmistakably the work of liberals .	O
Their method was to launch the revolutionary idea of the nation as the holder of sovereignty .	O
It is not lay nor secular , but Roman Catholic , which would define in Francoist Spain the term , National Catholicism .	O
Since 2017 constitutional crisis over the Catalan issue , it is seen that Spanish Nationalism is growing .	O
After the War , Elder practiced in law Staunton , Virginia .	I
He later served as president of the Bar Association for the year 1901-1902 .	O
He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football Louisiana at State .	I
He was a member of both ’ LSU s national championship teams in 2003 and 2007 .	I
13 end tight in the country by Rivals.com .	I
He also was named an Atlanta Journal-Constitution Super Southern 100 , Baton Rouge Advocate Second Dozen and the New Orleans Times-Picayune Top 25 Blue-Chip list .	O
He was member of the team that the won BCS National Championship in the 2004 Sugar Bowl , by beating the Oklahoma Sooners 21-14 .	I
to help the tigers reach the 2008 BCS National Championship Game to defeat the Ohio State Buckeyes .	O
Zinger was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft ( 232 overall ) and signed to a four-year contract .	O
He released was on the final cuts but was added to the practice squad and spent the entire season there .	I
Zinger signed was by the New York Jets on August 7 , 2011 .	I
He was waived September 2 .	O
He is son of Randy and Michele Zinger .	O
He is married to the former Ashley McKenzie .	O
He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at St. Augustine 's College .	O
Hall was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft with the 231st overall pick .	O
He signed a four-year contract with the team on July 22 , 2008 .	O
He was waived on July 28 , 2010 .	O
Hall was claimed off waivers by the New York Giants on July 29 , 2010 .	O
He was waived the by Giants on September 4 , 2010 .	I
Hall signed with the Arizona Cardinals on September 21 , 2010 .	O
He was waived by the team on October 30 .	O
Hall signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League on April 24 , 2012 .	O
He ended the season as an East Division All-Star and was named 's Winnipeg Most Outstanding Defensive Player .	I
Hall also won the Grey Cup that year .	O
On April 11 , 2014 , Hall signed with the Carolina Panthers .	O
Hall re-signed with the Roughriders on February 11 , 2015 .	O
Muir John considered the view from Eagle Peak to be the most beautiful view of Yosemite Valley available .	I
It was released on 8 May 2008 the in Netherlands .	I
The survey was the first of the IC reform attempts to specifically address the growing technological capabilities of the IC and their impact on the collection process .	O
Redacted sections include classified data , primarily regarding budgetary figures and national security issues , with the exception of Vietnam .	O
This section of the report provided an historical background of the development of intelligence functions and role distinctions .	O
section This of the report outlined one of the primary shortcomings of the IC — the lack of authoritative and directive leadership between IC agencies .	I
Schlesinger 's cited the relatively small size and scope of intelligence programs in 1947 .	O
The office of DCI could not realize its full potential because :	O
Another critical change recommended by Schlesinger was the need for a single office in charge of all DoD intelligence functions .	O
The report ended with an assessment for improved intelligence production .	O
It is a chamaephyte that is much relished livestock by .	I
It has also been found growing in rock crevices and water-receiving depressions above the stone pavements of Hamadas the along with :	I
He was drafted by the Chargers in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
During the Chargers ' 2008 minicamps , he practiced as a right tackle .	O
He signed four-year a contract with the team on June 30 , 2008 .	I
He was then re-signed to the team 's practice squad on November 18 .	O
was He not active for any of the games during the 2008 season .	I
was Clark waived on December 1 , 2009 and was re-signed to the practice squad on December 5 .	I
After his contract expired at season 's end , Clark signed a future contract with the Chargers on January 22 , 2010 .	O
However , on August 9 , 2010 , he retired from football to focus more on his family .	O
The Henry Hooker House is a historic house at 111 High Road the in Kensington section of Berlin , Connecticut .	I
It was built by Elijah Hooker , a seventh-generation descendant of Hartford founder Thomas Hooker .	O
was It listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 .	I
It is a -story wood-frame structure , five bays wide , with two narrow interior chimneys .	O
It is covered by a gabled with roof broad eaves that have paired Italianate brackets , and a gabled dormer at the center of the front facade .	I
He was a direct descendant Thomas of Hooker .	I
He died in Kensington on 3 October , 1873 .	I
An acoustic version was played during end the of the Chaos Ridden Years documentary by Alexi Laiho with Finnish lyrics .	I
It is found about in 3.5 % of the population in the United States .	I
It lives in the cecum and colon .	O
It can a create false positive which would result in unnecessary treatment or a false negative which would withhold necessary treatment .	I
Gunaratna studied film directing in Prague , Czechoslovakia at the Film Faculty and completed a master 's degree before beginning work on film .	O
It was critically acclaimed but failed box at office .	I
Gunaratna was later a member of the National Film Corporation and the then Rupavahini Corporation .	I
He moved to Czechoslovakia during the tumulteous period of Sri Lanka in the 1980s .	O
Gunaratna lives currently in the Czech Republic with his wife .	O
Tottie : The Story of a Doll 's House is a 1984 animated television series produced by Smallfilms , directed and narrated by Oliver Postgate .	O
The programme debuted on BBC1 in the UK on 6 1984 February .	I
The series has a very dark edge , as the dolls wish very hard that good things will happen and that they will not fall on misfortune .	O
Also living with the dolls is a painted wooden farthing called doll Tottie , who is thoughtful , sensible and keeps them all together .	I
After Emily and Charlotte inherit a dolls ' house from their great-aunt , the doll family are moved in .	O
She is selfish , nasty and schemes to become foremost in and Emily Charlotte 's affection .	I
In the final Marchpane sequence 's owner decides she is too nice to play with , and puts her away in a box .	I
Both series were classed as purchased programmes , which the BBC was not required to archive .	O
Rumer Godden 's original childrens ' book was written shortly after the Second War World .	I
The film was bought by and Goldcrest sold to the BBC .	I
The first series was originally transmitted in 1984 February , and repeated in October / November 1985 and September 1988 .	I
He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the seventh round of the 2008 NFL Draft .	O
He played college football at the University at Buffalo .	O
Richard got his first NFL start September 7 , 2008 against the Chicago Bears .	O
Richard was named to PFW 's All-Rookie team for his role on the interior offensive line for the Colts .	O
On September 12 , 2011 , he was waived by Colts the .	I
Jameson Richard was re-signed by the Indianapolis Colts .	O
He was placed on injured reserve on August 2 after suffering a concussion during training camp .	O
She has been also a TV producer and creator of the music television show New York Noise ( 2003-2010 ) .	I
and Hive MTV 's indie music video show Weird Vibes ( 2011-2013 ) .	I
At 16 she a started record label called Little Shirley Beans Records .	I
The program showcased underground music in unusual ways .	O
The show ran from August 2011 to September 2013 .	O
He was active in the Hussite Wars and assisted Sigismund Korybut .	O
In 1386 Grand Duke of Lithuania Jogaila granted him possession of Ostrog castle and appointed him governor of Volhynia with the capital at Lutsk in 1387 .	O
In 1422 Feodor travelled to Bohemia in the entourage of Sigismund Korybut was and sent by him as an ambassador to the Hussites .	I
He fought in the Battle of Ústí .	O
In the 1430s he supported Grand Duke Švitrigaila and the Teutonic Order in the civil war against Sigismund Kęstutaitis and war against Poland .	O
After he captured Jasieniec on 13 September , a three-month was armistice agreed .	I
At that time he was probably imprisoned with Teodor Korybut by their own suzerain , Švitrigaila , and then rescued by Michał Buczacki .	O
inside the gingival pocket biofilm near the base the of teeth , and in periodontal pockets .	I
Cyst formation is not present ; therefore transmission is direct from one person to another by kissing , or by sharing eating utensils .	O
The food so gulped down is gradually digested inside the endoplasm .	O
Phagocytosis can sometimes continue for more than 20 polynuclear nuclei neutrophil .	I
This activity leaves a denucleated cell , unable achieve to either its NETS activity or its preprogrammed apoptosis .	I
It was named after the Dalmatae , an Illyrian-speaking tribe that inhabited the Adriatic coastal mountain range of the eponymous Dalmatia .	O
The final time this people fought against Rome was in the Illyrian revolt of 6-9 AD .	O
resulting The war was described by the Roman writer Suetonius as the most difficult faced by Rome since the Punic Wars two centuries earlier .	I
was It certainly in existence by the time of Claudius ( r . 41-54 ) .	I
It first appears in the epigraphic datable record in 80 , in Germania Superior .	I
It was there still in 134 .	I
Shortly afterwards , Dacia was definitively evacuated by the Roman army the and regiment presumably withdrawn .	I
Attestations have also been found at Martinsfeld ( Noricum ) and Colonia Agrippina ( Germania Inferior ) .	O
The latter are only the datable evidence , for early / mid-3rd century .	I
The regiment also to appears have acquired a number of titles .	I
According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics ( PCBS ) , Biddya had a population of 8,064 in 2007 .	O
The town is governed by a municipal council of eleven members who each represent the prominent families of Biddya and select a mayor .	O
Biddya is situated on the western ridge of the central mountain range that runs north-south in the West Bank .	O
The historical Nablus-Jerusalem road nearby is .	I
maqam A ( shrine ) for a local holy man , Sheikh Hamdan is located in the town .	I
Biddya is located north-west of Salfit .	O
It has an of elevation about 359 meters above sea level .	I
Potsherds from the Iron Age II , Byzantine / Umayyad and Crusader / Ayyubid periods have been found here .	O
The rock is quarried in many places .	O
South-west of Bidieh is an ancient ruined watch-tower .	O
It had a population of 8 and households 1 bachelor , all Muslim .	I
It is surrounded with beautiful groves of fine very old olives .	I
It is evidently an ancient site .	O
In the wake of the 1948 Arab – Israeli War , and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements , Biddya came under Jordanian rule .	O
In 1961 , the population of Biddya was 2,212 .	O
Biddya depends primarily on olive groves for olive oil and Nabulsi soap production — the 's town main industries .	I
Besides farming , some inhabitants live off their savings and others receive aid from relatives abroad .	O
He played college football and college for basketball the University of Florida .	I
He practiced at quarterback on the scout team for the Gators , but did not see any game action .	O
He saw action at quarterback in the victory over Louisiana Tech , directing one drive offensive in the fourth quarter .	I
As sophomore a in 2006 , he played a role in the Florida Gators ' 2006 BCS National Championship .	I
He finished the year with 30 receptions for 380 yards .	O
Following his 2007 junior season , Ingram was recognized as a second-team All-SEC selection by the Associated Press and conference coaches .	O
This was the same injury that kept Ingram from playing his senior season at Florida .	O
He was placed on injured reserve September on 1 , 2009 .	I
He was waived on September 4 , 2010 during final cuts , but was re-signed to the Eagles ' practice squad on November 11 .	O
was He released from the practice squad on December 16 .	I
He was re-signed the to practice squad on December 22 .	I
His practice squad contract expired after the conclusion of the season .	O
He was re-signed to a future contract on January 11 , 2011 .	O
He was waived final during cuts on September 2 .	I
He was placed on the practice squad / injured list on September 13 and was released with an injury settlement on September 28 .	O
On August 31 , 2012 , Ingram was waived and did not make the final 53-man roster .	O
He had previously served as volunteer coach there .	O
In addition to these central problems for design as a whole , many philosophers of design consider these problems as they apply to particular disciplines ( e.g .	O
For an introduction to the philosophy of design see the article by Per Galle at the Royal Danish Academy .	O
It about measures 72 feet in diameter by 18 feet in height , and is around 5,000 years old .	I
Involved in the creation of the trust was acclaimed author and poet John Buxton .	O
The inaugural meeting was held at County Hall , with Trowbridge some 160 people attending .	I
The trust owns and manages 37 nature reserves , including three farming operations .	O
It also works to encourage Wiltshire 's communities to live sustainable lifestyles that protect the environment , engaging the public on issues such as recycling .	O
As of 2013 , these activities include :	O
It is also working with the charity Help for Heroes , aiding injured service personnel to recover through carrying out conservation tasks at House Tedworth .	I
Secondly , it takes place over land owned by the Ministry of Defense which is not normally open to public the .	I
Within the trust 's headquarters at Devizes is the Wiltshire and Swindon Biological Records Centre ( WSBRC ) .	O
NBA.com lists him at 5 feet 7 inches ( 170 cm ) tall .	O
Webb was born into poverty in Dallas , Texas .	O
He was raised in a small two-bedroom and home used basketball as an inspiration .	I
In 1983 , he was named NJCAA an All-American by the National Junior College Athletic Association .	I
In college , vertical his leap was measured at .	I
However , Webb was drafted in the 4th round of the NBA 1985 draft by the Detroit Pistons .	I
Since Webb made his NBA debut , only two players have been shorter he than was : Earl Boykins and Muggsy Bogues .	I
It was the first time the event has been in Dallas since Webb 's win in 1986 .	O
DWT is one of 47 local independent Wildlife Trusts that make up The Wildlife Trusts .	O
is DWT headquartered at Brooklands Farm , just north of Dorchester .	I
DWT is led by a Council of Trustees , has 27,000 members , 65 staff and over 850 active volunteers .	O
She took over from Prof. Nigel Webb , one of the UK 's leading experts on heathlands and author of Collins New Naturalist No .	O
DWT also runs a series of special projects led by staff conservation working with groups of volunteer members and supporter groups throughout the county .	I
Holes Bay Nature Park is a partnership involving DWT , Borough of Poole and Poole Harbour Commissioners .	O
Mary Bonham-Christie owned Brownsea Island in Poole Harbour , Dorset , and being a recluse she had forbidden access to the Island for many years .	O
In effect , the island had been abandoned to nature .	O
At the same time the Dorset Wildlife Trust was being formed with an inaugural meeting in March 1961 .	O
This partnership has stood the of test time .	I
Most of the reserves are owned by the trust , but some are also leased under agreements with landowners .	O
During its development phase the project expanded to include a three-year access and engagement programme and a suite of sites owned and managed by partners .	O
Holes Bay Nature Park was launched in 2015 .	O
Access improvements , signage information and panels were funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund and SITA Trust ( Landfill Communities Fund ) .	I
Many Trust-run events take place here , including children 's events during the summer holidays .	O
The county has a wide range of groups specialist , which are associated with the Shropshire Wildlife Trust , including :	I
Annual income subscriptions from has risen from £ 140,000 in 2000 to £ 250,000 in 2010 .	I
KAKM is a Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member television station licensed Anchorage to , Alaska , United States .	I
KAKM was the only PBS station in Alaska that was not part of AlaskaOne during its existence .	O
KAKM a operates full-time satellite station , KTOO-TV , licensed to Juneau , Alaska .	I
KTOO was formerly part of AlaskaOne , its until dissolution in 2012 .	I
Previously , PBS programming had been offered to Anchorage stations per-program on basis .	I
KAKM became the flagship station of Alaska Public Television , the successor to AlaskaOne , replacing KUAC-TV in Fairbanks , on July 1 , 2012 .	O
The station digital 's channel is multiplexed :	I
Originating at KTOO-TV , 360 North replaced Gavel to Gavel Alaska , which the televised Alaska Legislature .	I
He died aged 24 under circumstances still not entirely clear .	O
Prince Alfred of Edinburgh was born on 15 October 1874 at Palace Buckingham , London .	I
His father was Prince Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh , second eldest son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert .	O
His mother , Grand Duchess Alexandrovna Maria of Russia , was a daughter of Emperor Alexander II of Russia and Princess Marie of Hesse and by Rhine .	I
The exact circumstances of Alfred 's death are not known , and varying accounts have been published .	O
Alfred died there at 4 : 15 pm on 6 February 1899 , aged 24 years .	O
They care for over 60 nature reserves covering more than of wildlife habitat ranging from wildflower meadows to ancient woodland .	O
They work at the UK level part as of The Wildlife Trusts .	I
748865 ; and a registered charity .	O
The work of the trust is carried through out staff and volunteers .	I
The Trust founded was in 1961 and was then named the Gloucestershire Trust for Nature Conservation .	I
The name was changed to the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust in 1991 .	O
In 1990 Lady Scott became the Trust patron 's succeeding her late husband , Sir Peter Scott .	I
In 1992 a new headquarters and Conservation Centre was opened at Robinswood Hill Country Park by Sir David Attenborough .	O
In 1999 Chris Packham launched an event on Cleeve Common hosted by the Trust , which involved geological work at Rolling Bank Quarry SSSI .	O
In 2004 a Special 10-year award from ' Investors in People ' achieved was .	I
In December 2014 , Ellie Harrison the host of Countryfile became President of the Trust taking from over Sir Henry Elwes .	I
The Trust 's work recording includes and studying places and objects of natural interest and establishing nature reserves .	I
It operates a schools ' programme for 2,000 over children each year .	I
It holds events at its headquarters or on reserves its .	I
Gloucestershire is varied in scenery due to the geology .	O
Management Plans be must written for all nature reserves .	I
The Trust 's reserves are listed below and include Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) :	O
Centre Gloucestershire for Environmental Records ( GCER ) is the county 's Local Record Centre and holds data about the county 's wildlife .	I
GCER has approximately 1,000,000 species records its in database , many of these are supplied by the county recorders from the Gloucestershire Naturalists ' Society .	I
The Centre is managed by the Trust .	O
The Nature Map for Gloucestershire was launched in March 2008 by the Gloucestershire Partnership Biodiversity .	I
A Wildlife Sites network currently includes over some 800 sites in the county , which are considered the best places for wildlife to develop .	O
These sites are in addition to Trust reserves nature .	I
Water voles – A nationally threatened species once common on rivers and streams .	O
A further was survey started in March 1997 in conjunction with the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust .	I
This reported is in the Biodiversity Action Plan for Gloucestershire .	I
Its headquarters are Banovallum at House , Manor House Street , Horncastle .	I
It has over 25,000 members and manages 95 nature reserves with a total area of .	O
The area groups also organise meetings , visits and social events and are involved in fund raising and membership recruitment .	O
This code can be optimized further .	O
Usually a reaching definitions analysis is used to detect whether a statement or expression is loop invariant .	O
Loop-invariant code which has been hoisted out of a loop is executed less often , providing a speedup .	O
However , if too many variables are created , there will be high register pressure , especially on processors with few registers , like the 32-bit x86 .	O
If the compiler runs out of registers , some variables will be spilled .	O
To counteract this , the inverse optimization can be performed , rematerialization .	O
trust The 's chairman is David Norman .	I
The trust was established in 1962 as the Lake District Naturalists ' Trust .	O
It changed its name to the Cumbria Trust for Nature Conservation in 1974 , when the county of Cumbria was created .	O
It also campaigns regionally and nationally on a of range wildlife issues .	I
It is one of 47 organisations such that together constitute The Wildlife Trusts Partnership .	I
Durham Wildlife Services is the Trust 's commercial arm , providing an ecological consultancy service to businesses and local authorities .	O
Education is an important aspect of Trust the 's work .	I
At Barns Low , near Bishop Auckland , there is a second education centre , which caters primarily to outdoor activities .	I
As of January 2017 , it has over 34,000 members and runs 87 nature reserves , 2 nature parks and 11 visitor centres .	O
Coppicing is being re-introduced by the EWT to encourage grasses woodland , flowers , invertebrates and birds .	I
A few grasslands on the heavy clays of south- and mid-Essex are still grazed according to traditional methods , supporting a mixture of pasture and fen .	O
The smallest is Horndon Meadow at ; it is an unimproved meadow hay which has 80 flower species .	I
Michigander and Michiganian are unofficial demonyms for natives and residents the of U.S. state of Michigan .	I
either instead of or in addition to a state demonym .	O
On July 27 , 1848 , Lincoln made a against speech Lewis Cass , who had been a long-time governor of the Michigan Territory .	I
But in my hurry I was very near closing on the subject of military tales before I was done with it .	O
The county town is Maidstone .	O
He is the patron saint of Lisbon and Valencia .	O
His feast day is 22 January in the Roman Catholic Church and Anglican Communion and 11 November in the Eastern Orthodox Churches .	O
He was born at Huesca and martyred under the Emperor Diocletian the around year 304 .	I
When the Roman Emperor Diocletian began persecuting Christians in Spain , both were brought before the Roman governor , Dacian in Valencia .	O
Then his wounds were rubbed with salt and he was burned alive upon a red-hot gridiron .	O
Finally he was cast into prison and laid on a floor scattered with broken pottery , where he died .	O
During his martyrdom he such preserved peace and tranquillity that it astonished his jailer , who repented from his sins and was converted .	I
The aged bishop Valerius exiled was .	I
This transfer of the relics is depicted on the coat of arms of Lisbon .	O
Though Vincent 's tomb in Valencia became the earliest center of his cult , he was also honoured at his birthplace and his reputation spread from Saragossa .	O
The city of Oviedo in Asturias grew about church the dedicated to Vincent .	I
Beyond the Pyrenees , was he venerated first in the vicinity of Béziers , and at Narbonne .	I
Saint Vincent is the patron of the Order of the Deacons of the Catholic Diocese of Bergamo ( Italy ) .	O
He is honoured as patron in Valencia , Saragossa , Portugal , etc . , and is invoked by vintners , brickmakers , and sailors .	O
Vincent of Saragossa is represented in the dalmatic of a deacon .	O
As of January 2018 , it has over 16,000 members , a staff of about 25 and more than 500 volunteers .	O
It is a charity which covers all aspects of nature conservation , and works to protect places wild and wildlife .	I
The county has an area of , and the 2011 census showed a population of 37,400 .	O
The largest is Rutland Water at , a major wetland area which is of one the richest reservoirs for wintering wildfowl in the country .	I
It is a registered charity , and its headquarters is Brooke at House in Ashbocking , near Ipswich .	I
It had an income of £ 3.9 million in the year to 31 March 2017 .	O
It is bounded by Norfolk to the north , Cambridgeshire to the west , Essex to the south and the North Sea to the east .	O
It has an area of and an estimated population of 1.1 million as of 2017 .	O
It is bordered Greater by London , Kent , East Sussex , West Sussex , Hampshire and Berkshire .	I
In 2002 it took over Surrey County Council 's large countryside estate .	O
In 2017 it had an income of £ 5.5 million and expenditure of £ 5 million .	O
Early copies of the game were handmade .	O
The company was able to fully make back their investment within a few hours of orders accepting .	I
A large community formed and the team , along with a new programmer Andy Bainbridge , started work on two new games .	O
By early 2010 the company was back in financial trouble .	O
At this time the company was so deeply in debt that by operation continuing the Directors faced criminal prosecution under UK insolvency law .	I
Later , Introversion 's games were featured in a Humble Indie Bundle that launched in November 2011 .	O
He moved to Independiente for the 1992 – 93 football season in Argentina , but stayed only briefly before moving back to Cerro Porteño .	O
Atlético were relegated in 2000 , and Gamarra briefly moved back Brazil to , this time joining CR Flamengo .	I
There he played in 24 league and games won the Greek Cup .	I
In his first pre-season , he scored the winning goal in the Pirelli Cup final against AS Roma .	O
His next season at the club was less successful , as Inter finished fourth in the league , and Gamarra made only 10 appearances .	O
He stayed at Cerro Porteño until 1995 .	O
At the 2002 World Cup in South Korea and Japan , Paraguay were once again knocked out in the second round .	O
Sunay was born in 1899 in Trabzon , in the Ottoman Empire .	O
After attending elementary school and middle school in Erzurum and Edirne , he graduated from Kuleli Military High School in Istanbul .	O
During World War I , he fought in 1917 at the Palestine front and became a prisoner of war of the British in Egypt in 1918 .	O
Sunay his completed military education in 1927 , and graduated from the staff college in 1930 as a staff officer .	I
He maintained his office despite increasing terrorist activity , student riots , and threatened coups .	O
He was married to Atıfet in 1929 .	O
Cemal Sunay was elected as the fifth president by the Grand National Assembly of Turkey on 28th March 1966 .	O
During 1961 and 1965 Süleyman Demirel , Nihat Erim and Ferit Melen where the most prominent members in Sunay s ’ administration .	I
The Battle of Philiphaugh was fought on 13 September 1645 during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms near Selkirk in the Scottish Borders .	O
The Royalist army of the Marquis of Montrose was destroyed by the Covenanter army of Sir David Leslie , restoring the power of the Committee of Estates .	O
He was able to raise an army consisting of regiments of Irish soldiers sent to Scotland by the Irish Confederates and shifting numbers of Highland clansmen .	O
He then a summoned Parliament to be held in Glasgow .	I
The Council complained at the cost which would be involved and asked to be excused the levy of £ 500 .	O
Most his of horsemen were Gordons under Lord James Aboyne .	I
In 2011 the battlefield was archaeologically investigated by a community metal and detecting excavation project led by Dr Natasha Ferguson of the Centre for Battlefield archaeology .	I
Only 5 % of the 880 artefacts found in the survey were archaeologically relevant	O
however finds all were included in the appendix .	I
9 pistol balls , and 2 perhaps 3 pieces of shot canister were found .	I
Approximately 25 copper 17th-century coins and one French coin from 1601-1642 were	O
and a 17th-18th possible century horseshoe were found .	I
The author of the ballad is unknown .	O
It was spoken by two million people and was as increasing of ( PRC census ) ; 60 % were monolingual ( 1994 estimate ) .	I
They share a common traditional writing system , though this is used for shamanism rather than daily accounting .	O
The other dialects group as Niesu 聂苏 ( Adu and ) and as Nuosu proper ( Muhisu 米西苏 , Yinuo 义诺 , and Shengzha 圣乍 ) .	I
Nyisu or Yellow Yi 黄彝 of Fumin County , Yunnan may either be a Suondi Yi ( Nuosu ) dialect or Nisu dialect .	O
Shuitian is spoken in the following locations .	O
Shuitian belongs to the Shengzha dialect ( 圣乍次土语 ) of Northern Yi .	O
Underlining is used as an symbol ad-hoc for tight throat ; phonetically , these vowels are laryngealized and / or show a retracted tongue root .	I
Loose vs. throat tight is the only distinction in the two pairs of syllabic consonants , but in the vocoids it is reinforced by a height difference .	I
The tight-throat phone occurs as the realization of in the high tone .	O
It is unclassified within the Sino-Tibetan language family , to due pervasive influence from neighboring languages .	I
It has been placed with Loloish and Qiangic , but many it leave unclassified .	I
Tujia is divided into two major dialects .	O
Almost all Tujia speakers are located in Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture .	O
The Tujia-speaking areas of Longshan County are mostly located around the River Xiche 洗车河 .	I
The variety by studied Tian ( 1986 ) is that of Dianfang Township 靛房乡 , Longshan County .	I
Ye ( 1995 ) focuses on the Northern variety of Xinghuo Village 星火村 , Miao 'ertan Township 苗儿滩镇 ( formerly Miaoshi 苗市 ) , Longshan County 龙山县 .	O
According to news reports , two Tujia language instruction books have been published , and work continues on a Tujia dictionary .	O
Otto Fredrik Gideon Sundback was born on Sonarp farm in Ödestugu Parish , in Jönköping County , Småland , Sweden .	O
He was the son Jonas of Otto Magnusson Sundback , a prosperous farmer , and his wife Kristina Karolina Klasdotter .	I
After his studies in Sweden , Sundback moved to Germany , where he studied at the polytechnic school in Bingen am Rhein .	O
In 1905 , he emigrated to the United States .	O
In 1905 , Sundback Gideon started to work at Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .	I
In 1906 , Sundback was hired to work for the Universal Fastener Company of Hoboken , New Jersey .	O
He built upon the previous work of other engineers such Elias as Howe , Max Wolff , and Whitcomb L. Judson .	I
They are held so tightly to the cord and tape that once meshed there is not enough play to let them pull apart .	O
Sundback also created the manufacturing machine the for new zipper .	I
Lightning Fastener Company , one early manufacturer of the zipper , was based in St. Catharines , Ontario .	O
Sundback was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences in 1951 .	O
In 2006 , Sundback was honored by inclusion in the National Inventors Hall of Fame for his work on the development of the zipper .	O
These fuels are used in machinery that operates in space ( e.g .	O
Cryogenic fuels can be placed into two categories : inert and flammable or combustible .	O
The feasibility of cryogenic fuels is associated with what is known as a high mass flow rate .	O
The large increases in pressure are controlled and directed toward the engine 's pistons .	O
This is determined based on the methane content of the liquefied fuel and any other dissolved gas , and varies as a result of experimental efficiencies .	O
The optimal process contains stages four of propane refrigeration and two stages of ethylene refrigeration .	I
Efficiency can be tied to the pure component cascade processes which minimize the overall source to sink temperature difference associated with refrigerant condensing .	O
In the propane mixed refrigerant processes , the two mixtures requiring cooling and condensing are feed the gas and the mixed refrigerant .	I
The chief source inefficiency of lies in the heat exchange train during the liquefaction process .	I
With a seating capacity of 25,000 , it the is third-largest soccer-specific stadium in the United States and in Major League Soccer .	I
The Higgins ' contribution is memorialized by the naming of the street at the main gates along the west side of the stadium as Pete Higgins Boulevard .	O
The updated design was completed by Rossetti architects Detroit from and was built by New Jersey-based Hunter Roberts Construction Group , LLC .	I
A tension-fabric curved exterior shell of PTFE fiberglass wraps around the entire two-tiered stadium , creating a distinguishing feature Red of Bull Arena .	I
The low and enclosed roof design is known for providing superior acoustics by holding , and amplifying reflecting crowd noise back onto the field .	I
The stadium 's seating is raked at 33-degrees for optimal sight-lines .	O
Included in the 25,000 seats are 30 luxury suites and 1,000 premium seats .	O
The Red Bull logo is in patterned red and yellow lower level seats directly opposite the team dugouts and field entrance tunnel .	I
His jersey number is the first to be retired by the Red Bulls .	O
The lower bowl of the stadium is constructed of concrete , while the upper bowl is of constructed galvanized-metal .	I
In addition , the main concourse is elevated 26-feet high , eliminating a majority of field-level entryways .	O
The space was formerly used as executive offices by the club 's general manager Marc de Grandpre , whose daughter is on the autism spectrum .	O
On January 11 , 2008 , Erik Stover was announced as the new general of manager Red Bull Arena during construction and then on after .	I
had He served as GM of Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego since 2005 .	I
This decision was upheld by an appellate court in May 2014 .	O
The Supreme Court referred the parties to mediation .	O
The settlement was approved by the Harrison Town Council and mayor on March 16 , 2016 .	O
agreement This must be finalized by the end of 2016 .	I
The stadium hosted also an exhibition between Ecuador and Colombia in October 2010 .	I
The 2012 Big East Men 's Soccer Tournament was also held at Red Arena Bull .	I
The match was organized by Ligue de Football Professionnel .	O
The match was between New York Red Bulls II and Orlando City B at Red Bull Arena .	O
United The States lost to Costa Rica 2 – 0 in front of a sold-out crowd of 26,500 .	I
It marked the first time the international youth soccer tournament was held in the United States in its 18-year history .	O
In addition to soccer , the arena has also been the host of rugby several union matches .	I
Irish London played their home game against Saracens in Premiership Rugby at the Red Bull Arena on March 12 , 2016 .	I
This marked the first time an English premiership rugby match had been played overseas .	O
The timing and location were selected to coincide with St. Patrick 's Day festivities in an area were there is a large Irish influence .	O
The game was televised live across the US on NBCSN .	O
London Irish not did return the following season due to their relegation to the RFU Championship .	I
The USA faced Ireland on June 10 , 2017 .	O
This was the Eagles ' first test of 2017 the summer internationals .	I
Following the concert the stadium was highly praised by the sold-out crowd and media for its sight-lines , sound , and acoustics .	O
On September 24 , 2017 , as part of the festivities for the Danone Nations Cup World Final , DNCE closed out the tournament with a concert .	O
The first was on October 17 , 2014 and the second was on October 16 , 2015 .	O
Citizens of Peru are entitled to vote in Peru 's national elections regardless of where they reside .	O
The stadium was selected from all the pro sports and entertainment venues in New the York metropolitan area .	I
The training facility is the first facility to earn the 80 % or higher on ratings the 10-part written assessment .	I
The stadium scored highest for ticket purchase , security and ushers , seating area and game experience , food and beverage and game arrival .	O
The stadium can be reached via the Harrison station by the Newark-World Trade Center train of the PATH rapid transit system .	O
The project is tentatively scheduled for completion in 2018 .	O
The stadium is also served by the 40 New Jersey Transit route Bus .	I
services Taxi by Harrison Cab Inc. are available from their offices at the Harrison PATH station .	I
The Jackson nearby Street Bridge crosses the Passaic River to the Ironbound neighborhood in Newark and is a popular pedestrian route to and from the stadium .	I
Her parents were Prince Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh ( later Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ) and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia .	O
Marie 's early years were spent Kent in , Malta and Coburg .	I
There , she and her three daughters acted as nurses in military hospitals , caring soldiers for who were wounded or afflicted by cholera .	I
On 1 December 1918 , the province of Transylvania , following Bessarabia Bukovina and , united with the Old Kingdom .	I
As queen , was she very popular , both in Romania and abroad .	I
They received were enthusiastically by the people and visited several cities before returning to Romania .	I
Now queen dowager , Marie refused to be part of the regency council which reigned over the country under minority the of her grandson , King Michael .	I
Marie and siblings her , Prince Alfred ( b .	I
When he was at home , the Duke would often play with his children , inventing many games for them .	O
The Edinburgh children were all baptised and raised in the Anglican faith ; this upset their Russian Orthodox mother .	O
At the behest of their mother , Marie and her sisters were taught French , which they detested and rarely ever spoke .	O
Marie was prone to fits of jealousy when Bourke would pay more attention to one of her sisters than to her .	O
Queen Victoria , the Prince Wales of and the Duke of Edinburgh all approved , but the Princess of Wales and the Duchess of Edinburgh did not .	I
She found him shy but amiable , and their second meeting went just as well .	O
At four o 'clock , the Catholic ceremony took place at the Town Church , with Marie being led to the altar by her father .	O
The Anglican ceremony was more modest and was conducted in one of the chambers of the castle .	O
From there , they left for the countryside , their journey being interrupted briefly by a stop at Vienna , where they visited Emperor Franz Joseph .	O
Marie was warmly welcomed by the Romanian people , who were longing for a more personal monarchy .	O
Consequently , the royal children were given somewhat of an education , but were sent never to school .	I
For days , he was delirious and , despite his doctor 's best efforts , came close to dying .	O
Eventually , he did , and he and Marie went to Sinaia , the site Peleș of Castle , for a period of recovery .	I
The two soon became romantically involved , but their affair was terminated after it became known by the public .	O
As much as condemned she Marie 's behaviour , her mother allowed her to come to Coburg when , in 1897 , she apparently became pregnant .	I
She afterwards took to dressing quite often in folk costume , both at home and in public , initiating a fashion trend among young upper-class women .	O
On 28 June 1914 , at Sarajevo , Archduke Franz Ferdinand , the heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire , was assassinated .	O
This came as a shock to Marie and her family , who were vacationing at Sinaia when the news reached them .	O
Not long after the council , Carol 's illness worsened he and became bed-ridden ; the possibility of his abdication was even discussed .	I
Eventually , he died on 10 October 1914 Ferdinand and automatically succeeded as king .	I
On 11 October 1914 , Marie and Ferdinand were acclaimed as king and queen in the Chamber of Deputies .	O
At the time of Ferdinand 's accession , the government led was by the liberal prime minister Ion I. C. Brătianu .	I
There , she continued to act as a nurse in military hospitals .	O
The official delegation was led by Brătianu , who had just begun his third term as Prime Minister .	O
Hoping to resolve the situation , Saint-Aulaire suggested that Marie should be sent to the conference instead .	O
She was immediately popular with the French people , due to her boldness during the War .	O
Marie shocked many officials by waving all her ministers aside and negotiations leading herself .	I
In October , reports of King Alexander 's death came from Greece ; the Greek princesses had to return to their parents as soon as possible .	O
The following day , news arrived that Marie 's mother had died in her sleep in Zurich .	O
Meanwhile , George and Elisabeth would remain at Sinaia .	O
Soon enough , Crown Prince Carol proposed to Princess Helen and they were married the following year .	O
An Orthodox cathedral was built the as Coronation Cathedral in 1921-1922 .	I
An elaborate set of jewellery clothing and was made especially for the coronation .	I
The crown , which cost around 65,000 francs , was for paid by the state , via a special law .	I
After placing his crown on his own head , Ferdinand crowned Marie , who had knelt before him .	O
Immediately , cannons were fired as a sign that the first king and queen of Greater had Romania been anointed .	I
A feast was given in the same room where the union had been proclaimed in 1918 ; there , more than 20,000 peasants were offered roast steaks .	O
Marie would be received into the Romanian Orthodox Church in 1926 , mentioning a desire to be closer to her people .	O
The Maryhill Museum of Art in Maryhill , Washington was initially designed as a mansion for wealthy businessman Samuel Hill .	O
However , at Loie Fuller 's behest , the building turned was into a museum instead .	I
During their time in America , Marie , Nicholas and Ileana undertook tours of several cities , including Philadelphia .	O
Before leaving the United States , Marie was presented with a bullet-proof armored town car by Willys-Knight , she which joyfully accepted .	I
She wrote in her diaries :	O
Nevertheless , when Marie returned from America , Ferdinand 's death seemed imminent .	O
Michael automatically succeeded as king upon Ferdinand 's death and the regency council took charge of his role as monarch .	O
He was prevented from doing so by English authorities , who then proceeded to expel him from England .	O
She had been growing anxious with the direction which in the country was heading and viewed Carol 's return as the return of the Prodigal Son .	I
However , she stubbornly and continually refused to meet Magda Lupescu , even after Carol 's pleas .	O
Until her last years , Marie seldom even Lupescu mentioned 's name .	I
With Carol 's mistress hated throughout the country , it was only a of matter time before opposition to the King emerged .	I
This opposition most prominently came under the form of the Iron Guard , a group supported Benito by Mussolini and Adolf Hitler .	I
After Duca 's death , Carol 's popularity plummeted and there were rumours that an attempt would be made on his life at the annual independence parade .	O
In order to avoid this , he instead had Marie attend the parade , in what would be her final public appearance .	O
The first was Bran Castle .	O
In February 1938 , she was sent to a sanatorium in Italy , in hopes that she might recover .	O
There , she was visited by Nicholas and his wife , whom Marie eventually forgave for her transgressions .	O
She was also visited by Princess Helen , whom she had not seen in nearly seven years , and Waldorf Astor .	O
Marie was eventually transferred to a sanatorium in Dresden .	O
Growing weaker and weaker , she requested that she be taken back to Romania , in order to die there .	O
was She brought to Pelișor Castle .	I
Her coffin was surrounded by flowers and glowing tapers and was guarded by officers of the Fourth Hussars .	O
Her coffin was taken to Curtea de Argeș Monastery , where she was interred .	O
In 1940 , after Southern Dobrudja was ceded to Bulgaria during World War II , her heart was transferred to Bran Castle .	O
According to of one her biographers , Diana Mandache , Marie published 34 books and short stories , both in Romanian and English , during her lifetime .	I
The book was reviewed by Virginia Woolf , who felt it was too familiarizing of the royal family .	O
Will the British Empire survive ?	O
In 1971 , these were transferred Bucharest to 's National Museum of Romanian History .	I
The Queen Marie of Romania sapphire is named from its association with Marie .	O
It was transferred to a necklace diamond in 1919 and King Ferdinand purchased it for Marie in 1921 .	I
She them wore both at her coronation receptions and when sitting for her portrait by Philip de László .	I
In 1917 , the inescutcheon was dropped by Warrant Royal from George V .	I
He was Rhode Island 's second Jewish governor , and the only Jewish governor in United the States during his two terms .	I
In addition to politics , Sundlun had a varied career as a military pilot , federal attorney , practicing lawyer , corporate and executive university lecturer .	I
Sundlun attended the Gordon School , Classical High School ( Providence ) and Tabor the Academy ( Marion , Massachusetts ) .	I
He attended Harvard Law School , graduating with a Doctor of Laws degree in 1949 .	O
Later under the orders of Dulles , he reentered France to act a as bombardment spotter for the Allied invasion of Marseille in mid-August 1944 .	I
From to 1949 1972 , Sundlun was a practicing attorney .	I
The company 's creditors reacted by demanding the removal of Lassiter as president .	O
On July 2 , 1970 Sundlun was installed as EJA president , and he set out to rebuild the company .	O
Under his leadership , the big jets were sold and he brought the company into the black .	O
By the end of Sundlun 's presidency , EJA was doing business with approximately 250 contract flying customers and logging more than three million miles per year .	O
Sundlun remained on the Board of Directors of EJA until it was sold in 1984 to a of group investors led by Richard Santulli .	I
The company is still in business with the name of NetJets as one of the holdings of Berkshire Hathaway .	O
From 1976 to 1988 , Sundlun was president and chief executive officer of The Outlet Company , a department store and broadcast communications company in Providence .	O
Sundlun served as the chairman of the DEPCO Board of Directors and was primarily aided by his Director of Policy Sheldon Whitehouse .	O
The Sundlun Bruce Terminal at T.F .	I
Green Airport is in named his honor , and the airport now generates over $ 2 billion in economic activity annually .	I
He served a four-year term as a director of the National Security Education Board , appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1993 .	O
He was a member of the Providence School Board from 1984 to 1990 .	O
Sundlun was married five times and had four children .	O
Sundlun also had three sons from his first marriage ( to Madeleine Schiffer Gimbel ) :	O
Sundlun on died July 21 , 2011 , aged 91 , at his home in Jamestown , Rhode Island .	I
He was buried at Temple Beth El Cemetery Providence in , Rhode Island .	I
In July 1993 , when he thought three raccoons on his estate in Newport were rabid , Sundlun shot at them with a 12-gauge shotgun .	O
The state police reluctantly complied , so the went case to court and Sundlun pleaded guilty .	I
CVS workers apologized for the misunderstanding but said they could not accept payment as the transaction could not be registered due to deactivation of their cash registers .	O
Sundlun was pushed to the ground by Charles Machado , 59 , of Warwick .	O
Sundlun hit head his and was stunned , but he declined to press charges against Machado .	I
Green Airport to Hartford , Connecticut .	O
Henry FitzRoy may refer to :	O
Beatbox or beat box may also refer to :	O
His erratic studies were interrupted by World War II .	O
He returned to and Taiwan joined the ROC government as Minister of Communications in 1967 .	I
Sun championed the establishment of high-technology industries that would later become the basis of the Taiwanese economy .	O
resigned Sun as premier on 20 May 1984 and was appointed to the largely honorary position of senior advisor to the President of the Republic of China .	I
also He campaigned against smoking .	I
Nevertheless , Sun remained politically active in his later years and campaigned on behalf of KMT presidential candidate Lien Chan in the 2004 presidential election .	O
He died at the age of 92 while hospitalized at the Veterans General Hospital in Taipei as a result of myocardial infarction and septicemia .	O
His funeral was held on February 25 and his ashes were interred at the Keelung Hsin Hsin Cemetery .	O
He served as the United States Secretary of Treasury under President Lyndon B. Johnson .	O
He received his degree law from Yale Law School in 1932 .	I
There he assisted in the preparation and successful conduct of the four-year litigation the establishing constitutionality of that program .	I
They had one son and two daughters : Henry Hammill , Jr . , Marianne Fowler Smith and Susan Fowler-Gallagher .	O
From 1941 to 1944 , he an was assistant general counsel of the Office of Production Management and afterward of the War Production Board .	I
He then served in the United Kingdom and Germany in 1944 and 1945 .	O
He returned to private practice and in 1951 rejoined the government to work on the mobilization of troops during the Korean War .	O
He was a Trustee of Roanoke College and of the Funds in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia .	O
He was served as the Under Secretary of the Treasury , from 3 February , 1961 , until April 10 , 1964 .	I
He then he returned to private law practice as senior member of the Washington firm of Fowler , Leva , Hawes and Symington .	O
The major problems facing Fowler were inflation and the balance of deficit payments .	I
He was buried in Christ Cemetery Church in Alexandria , Virginia .	I
During the Great Depression he worked as a patternmaker , then joined his brother George in operating the Perk Coal & Ice Company .	O
Beginning in 1953 , Perk was elected to two-year five terms on the Cleveland City Council from the city 's Ward 13 .	I
He defeated future mayor , governor , and U.S .	O
Senator George Voinovich , then a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , in the primary .	O
( Kucinich prevailed over Feighan in the general election ) .	O
Perk was again publicly humiliated after suggesting that a study on pornography ought to be conducted by municipal sanitation workers .	O
In 1973 , Mayor Perk and his Akron Counterpart met and proposed building Project CAIA-or Cleveland Akron International Airport on in Richfield , Ohio .	O
Had CAIA been built , CAIA would have rivaled New York JFK , or Chicago 's O 'Hare .	O
Hopkins Airport would have become like Chicago 's Midway Airport .	O
Perk , however , was defeated soundly by Democrat John Herschel Glenn , Jr .	O
When Metzenbaum lost the primary to Glenn ( The two were later Senate colleagues for many years .	O
Eberling 's lover , Obie Henderson was as hired Perk 's personal secretary .	I
Perk was diagnosed with prostate cancer some time in the 1990s , and underwent treatments for the disease .	O
He was at buried Holy Cross Cemetery in Brook Park , Ohio .	I
Another son , Thomas Perk , a is council member in the village of Valley View in addition to being a fire fighter .	I
was This the television schedule on all four networks for the fall season beginning in September 1988 .	I
New shows intended for a regular fall launch saw their debuts spread out between October and December .	O
New series highlighted are in bold .	I
All times given are in U.S. Eastern Time and Pacific Time ( except for some live events or specials ) .	O
Each of the 30 highest-rated shows is listed with its rank and rating as determined by Nielsen Media Research .	O
Note : Quantum Leap had a two-hour premiere Sunday , March 26 , on 1989 NBC .	I
Note : The * indicates that the program was introduced in midseason .	O
Though a member of the Tibetic family , Ladakhi is not mutually intelligible with Standard Tibetan .	O
The question of whether to write colloquial Ladakhi in the Tibetan or script to write only a slightly Ladakhified version of Classical Tibetan is controversial in Ladakh .	I
A limited number of books and magazines have been published in colloquial Ladakhi .	O
Lexin is an online Swedish and Norwegian lexicon that can translate between Swedish or Norwegian and a number of other languages .	O
The shape of the gable and how it is detailed depends on the system structural used , which reflects climate , material availability , and aesthetic concerns .	I
A gable wall or gable end more commonly refers to the entire wall , including the gable and the wall below it .	O
But unlike Classical structures , which operate through trabeation , the gable ends of many buildings are actually bearing-wall structures .	O
The opposite or inverted form of a gable roof is a V-roof or butterfly roof .	O
The terms are used in architecture and city planning to determine a building in its situation urban .	I
Front-gabled buildings are considered typical for German city streets in the medieval gothic period , while later Renaissance buildings , influenced by Italian architecture are often side-gabled .	O
In America , front-gabled houses , such as the gablefront house , were popular between the early 19th century and 1920 .	O
It was a typical element in Gothic architecture , especially in cathedral architecture .	O
Wimpergs often had crockets or other decorative elements in the Gothic style .	O
The gable end is roof a poor design for hurricane regions , as it easily peels off in strong winds .	I
In 1922 , the Latvian Championship organized by Latvian Football Union consisted of 12 associations , 22 teams and 479 football players .	O
A year earlier , rules of football were published in Latvian for the very first time and in May 1923 Latvia was accepted into FIFA .	O
It consisted of three of the strongest teams from Riga and a club from Liepāja while others were playing in tournaments of their regions .	O
This system was in place up until 1940 , and the number of teams in the Virslīga grew to eight .	O
was It re-accepted by FIFA in 1992 and in the same year it joined UEFA .	I
The current president of LFF since 2018 is former national team captain Kaspars Gorkšs .	O
Daily affairs of the LFF are managed by its General Secretary Jānis Mežeckis who works in LFF since 1993 .	O
It appealed to McCartney as a great title for a rock and roll song , which he duly composed .	O
To stimulate sales , a number of different bonus discs and singles were issued to accompany the album .	O
At the 2006 census , its population was 136,388 , 33,489 in families .	I
It is Iran 's center of pistachio cultivation .	O
It had an estimated population of 134,848 in 2005 .	O
Any habitat calls for real , healthy , manageable and last but not least its particular development system .	O
In such a system , most of the potentials of the region should turn into opportunities for its development .	O
Local Agenda 21 for Rafsanjan is aimed at the development the of city of Rafsanjan .	I
The devel ¬ opment priorities , infrastructure necessary and projects are determined by the citizens and city managers .	I
W.R. Soepratman 's father was Sergeant Djoemeno Senen Sastrosoehardjo , a soldier KNIL , and his mother was Siti Senen .	I
Soepratman was born Wage on 9 March 1903 in Somongari , Purworejo .	O
Several months later , his father added Soepratman to his name and explained that he was born in Meester Cornelis , Batavia .	O
At the age of 6 , he entered Budi elementary Utomo school in Cimahi .	I
He continued his studies in a Malay language school .	O
After graduating from Malay language school in 1917 , Wage attended Dutch language courses graduated and in 1919 .	I
He to continued Normal School , or Teachers ' College , and became an auxiliary teacher in Makassar after he graduated .	I
In 1920 , he and van Eldik founded a jazz-styled band , called Black & White .	O
They performed at and weddings birthday parties in Makassar .	I
On 17 August 1938 , he died at 01.00 a.m. and was buried in Kenjeran , Surabaya .	O
On 13 March 1956 , remains his were moved to Tambak Segaran Wetan cemetery .	I
was It introduced during the Second Indonesian Youth Congress on 28 October 1928 .	I
The song was quickly adopted by Soekarno 's PNI .	O
The government awarded Wage the National Hero title and the Bintang Mahaputra Utama kelas III in 1971 .	O
In 2008 Kela performed with Prince and Nikka Costa at the O2 Arena .	O
He was second billed at the Earls Court Music festival with Jay-Z .	O
) , Roots Manuva , and Neneh Cherry , writing with from Karen Poole .	I
During this period he also travelled to China , playing in Shanghai and Beijing with the Infadels on a tour organised by Split Works .	O
The group disbanded after a year .	O
In 2007 , his year-long relationship with the UK actress Patsy came Kensit to an end .	I
The stadium seats up to 18,061 people for soccer matches , but can accommodate up to 19,734 for special events soccer and 27,000 for concerts .	I
Sitting at just over 5,200 feet above sea level , the stadium has the highest elevation of any stadium regularly used by MLS teams .	O
The total cost of stadium construction was $ 64.5 million .	O
The stadium opened an with intrasquad scrimmage open only to Commerce City residents and season ticket holders .	I
The first official match was played against D.C. United April on 7 , 2007 , with the Rapids winning , 2-1 .	I
Herculez Gomez scored the first goal at the stadium .	O
In the stadium 's inaugural year , it hosted the 2007 MLS All-Star Game as the MLS All-Stars defeated Scotland 's Celtic FC .	O
The estimated cost of project this was $ 131 million , with investment shared equally between the city and KSE .	I
The stadium hosted has several high profile rugby games .	I
The stadium held the 2014 World Lacrosse Championship during July 10 – 19 , 2014 .	O
The venue grounds hosted the Mile High Music Festival annually from 2008 to 2010 .	O
Bunge was born as son of a family that belonged to the German minority in Tsarist Russia .	O
In 1835 , he to returned Dorpat , where he taught classes in botany until 1867 .	I
He remained in Dorpat until 1881 , spending his later years there conducting investigations of flora Estonian .	I
In 1826 with Carl Friedrich von Ledebour Carl and Anton von Meyer , he embarked on an important scientific expedition to the Kirghiz Steppe and Altai Mountains .	I
In 1830 – 31 , he traveled to Beijing by way of Siberia , through which he conducted extensive research of Mongolian flora .	O
Following his investigations in China , he returned to the Altai Mountains , he where conducted studies of the eastern part of the region ( 1832 ) .	I
In 1857 – 58 he took part in a scientific expedition Khorasan to and Afghanistan .	I
Bunge Land in the New Siberian Islands and a on crater Mars were named after him .	I
Born in Knoxville , Tennessee , Kindness graduated from Glendale High School in Glendale , California , in 1947 .	O
While a student at Maryland , Kindness became a member of the Alpha Tau Omega Fraternity .	O
He served as mayor of Hamilton from 1964 to 1967 .	O
Kindness finished with 32 and percent Lukens with 17 percent .	I
Notable people this with name include :	I
All songs written Elvis by Costello .	I
He served the as Iranian Vice President for Cultural Heritage and Tourism from 2003 to 2005 .	I
He has been speaker of the Executives of Construction Party .	O
He the was head of the province of Kerman for nearly nine years .	I
The claim that firm had any connection with these political actives was denied by members of its board , and Marashi himself .	O
On March 19 , 2010 it was announced that Marashi had been jailed by the Iran , when a court of appeals upheld his one-year term prison .	I
He was released from prison earlier than that , on January 25 , 2011 .	O
From 2005 until 2011 it was known as Virslīga LMT .	I
In March 2016 , it was announced that the Virslīga would be sponsored by SynotTip on a three-year contract .	O
After the 2007 season the league from increased eight to ten sides .	I
In each 2008 side played the others four times .	I
The second placed lowest team in Virslīga and the second team of 1. liga play two matches for a place in the Virslīga the following season .	I
This is a list of clubs , in order of most titles won in the independent era ( 1922-1940 and 1991 to date ) :	O
It is one of the best-selling albums of all time , with over 25 million copies sold worldwide .	O
Three songs were co-written with King 's ex-husband Gerry Goffin .	O
The cover photograph was taken by A & M staff photographer Jim McCrary King at 's Laurel Canyon home .	I
It shows her sitting in a window frame , holding a tapestry she hand-stitched herself , with her cat Telemachus at her feet .	O
Of all the albums by female artists to be certified Diamond , it was the first released , although it was the not first being certified .	I
In Canada , the album was number one for 9 beginning weeks July 3 , 1971 .	I
Various artists combined re-record to all the original tracks for more than one tribute album .	I
The performance was the released next year as .	I
All written songs by Carole King except where noted .	I
The album was reissued in 1999 on CD , with two previously bonus unreleased tracks .	I
SeatGeek Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium at 71st Street and Harlem Avenue in Bridgeview , Illinois , about twelve miles southwest of downtown Chicago .	O
The naming rights agreement with SeatGeek went into effect following the Fire 's 2018 season .	O
A stage permanent allows the stadium to host concerts and quickly change configurations .	I
Stadium SeatGeek is currently operated by Spectra .	I
In 2016 , it was reported that Toyota had opted against renewing their naming rights .	O
Despite this , stadium the continued to be known as Toyota Park through the 2018 season .	I
The stadium also hosted the 2006 Lamar Hunt Open U.S. Cup 's final in which Chicago Fire defeated Los Angeles Galaxy 3 – 1 .	I
Guadalajara , Club America , Santos Laguna and others .	O
SeatGeek Stadium hosted four matches during the group stage of the 2014 CONCACAF Women 's Championship .	O
SeatGeek Stadium hosted first its international rugby match in 2006 , United States VS Munster .	I
SeatGeek Stadium also serves as the home site for Roosevelt University men 's and women 's soccer matches .	O
The Crossroads Guitar Festival was held on July 28 , 2007 and again on June 26 , 2010 .	O
Chicago The Open Air festival , a 3-day rock festival put on by Danny Wimmer Presents , was held there from July 15 – 17 , 2016 .	I
Additionally , a $ 2.475 million transit center operated by Pace is under construction at the east end of the stadium 's parking lot .	O
In July 2016 two large scale murals where designed and painted by artist Tony Passero on the east and west walls of the stadiums stage suites .	O
The school offers over 60 fields of study , ranging from Associate degrees , Bachelor 's degrees , Master 's degrees , and some Doctorates .	O
HiØ is split between two campuses , one located Halden in , for business , social sciences , foreign language , computer science and education .	I
The building was nominated by the Norwegian Association of Architects for the Mies van der Rohe-prize .	O
The Fredrikstad campus is home to 1,600 approximately students and 150 staff .	I
Østfold University College was ranked 5th in Norway , and 900th in the World in the 2010 Webometrics Ranking of World Universities .	O
Particular focus is placed on physical theatre , devised performance , and multi-disciplinary work .	O
The combined degree allows students to identify themselves as both engineers and designers .	O
There have been other incarnations of the story based on different toy lines during and after the 20th century .	O
previously aired on The Hub .	O
The former utilized varying humanoid-type figures while the latter presented robots able to transform into everyday vehicles , electronic items or weapons .	O
Afterwards , Bob Budiansky created most of the Transformers characters , giving names and personalities to many unnamed Diaclone figures .	O
Produced by Sunbow Productions and Marvel Productions , Hasbro later Productions , from the start it contradicted Budiansky 's backstories .	I
( Note : This to appears contradict background presented in the first two seasons of the series . )	I
It the is Autobots who develop transformation .	I
Just as the TV series was wrapping up , Marvel continued to expand its continuity .	O
It led on to the main title resurrecting Prime as a Powermaster .	O
Primus was introduced the as creator of the Transformers , to serve his material body that is planet Cybertron and fight his nemesis Unicron .	I
They also released the same content as individual seasons .	O
The second Canadian season was only 13 episodes long , not enough to warrant airing on Japanese TV .	O
The story follows on from there , and was told in .	O
These are set at the beginning of the Great War , and identify Prime as once being a clerk named Optronix .	O
The life real universe was disrupted when Dreamwave went bankrupt in 2005 .	I
During time this , Cobra teams up with the Decepticons .	I
This allowed long-time writer of Marvel and Dreamwave comics , Simon Furman to create his own universe without continuity hindrance , similar to Ultimate Marvel .	O
The first one sped up story the , while the second ditched the mini series format as well as the Spotlight series .	I
In June 2018 it was announced there would be Star Trek and Transformers Crossover being released in September 2018 .	O
The show was eventually banned from cable TV networks in the U.S .	O
It is the forty-fifth highest-grossing film and the highest-grossing fifth film of 2007 , grossing approximately $ 709 million worldwide .	I
The promotion consists of a code number which use collectors to access online games on Transformers.com .	I
An officially recognized fan convention ( usually called BotCon ) has been held nearly every year since 1994 .	O
Joe , M.A.S.K. , Rom the Space Knight , Micronauts and into a single universe .	O
In 1994 , a single figure was provided for attendees .	O
In 2010 , fifteen different were figures available through a collection of box sets , souvenir packages , and customization classes .	I
It was announced in 2016 that Fun Publications would no longer run the or Transformers G.I .	I
In addition to automobiles designed for the civilian market , the company also produced racing cars , aircraft engines , armoured cars and other armoured fighting vehicles .	O
John and Company Ltd . , was founded in 1919 by Thomas George John ( 1880 – 1946 ) .	O
He reaffirmed this position in the early 1960s , stating that any other explanations for the source of the name purely were coincidental .	I
This partnership lasted for nearly 28 years and responsible was for producing some of the most successful products in the company 's history .	I
Smith-Clarke left in 1950 , and Dunn assumed Smith-Clarke 's position as chief engineer , remaining in that position until 1959 .	O
The first car model using de Freville 's engine was Alvis the 10 / 30 .	I
Around 700 of the 12 / 50 models and 120 of the Alvis later 12 / 60 models survive today .	I
Car production resumed with a model four-cylinder , the TA 14 , based on the pre-war 12 / 70 .	I
The post-war history of Alvis was dominated the by quest for reliable and reasonably priced coachwork .	I
Smith-Clarke retired in 1950 and Dunn took over as chief engineer .	O
Around 15 or 16 TC108 / Gs were built Willowbrook by Limited of Loughborough and Willowbrook was subsequently taken over by Duple Coachbuilders .	I
With only 109 sold and with political troubles aplenty the in UK car manufacturing business at that time , production finally ceased in 1967 .	I
As part Rover of , Alvis Limited was incorporated into British Leyland but was bought by United Scientific Holdings plc in 1981 .	I
Subsequently the company 's name was changed Alvis to plc .	I
The trucks were subsequently branded as Alvis-Unipower .	O
The following year , company the announced that the 4.3 Litre Short Chassis tourer would once again be available .	I
Three British car companies – Alvis , Bentley , and Sunbeam – entered vehicles in local racing between events 1920 and 1930 .	I
When Hungary aligned itself Germany with soon after that , Straussler emigrated to England .	I
The AC2 was subsequently used as a basis for the 39M Csaba armoured scout car built for the Royal Hungarian Army during Second the World War .	I
was It subsequently used as a basis for the Stalwart amphibious military truck .	I
The FV611 model was also built to serve as an armoured ambulance .	O
hull The and turret are actually fabricated from a welded aluminium-zinc-magnesium alloy .	I
Seventeen Scorpion prototypes were delivered for field testing in February 1969 .	O
More than 20 per cent of Alvis all cars ever manufactured were still in existence in 1989 .	I
It has over 1,300 members .	O
Nishi-Nippori Station is by served the following lines .	I
The Nippori-Toneri Liner station is elevated and consists of a single platform island serving two tracks .	I
The Chiyoda station Line opened on 20 December 1969 .	I
The Yamanote Line station opened April 20 1971 .	I
The Nippori-Toneri Liner station on opened 30 March 2008 .	I
The daily average passenger figures for JR East and Tokyo Metro in previous years are as shown below .	O
Although Keisei Ueno Station , the terminal of Keisei , is also located adjacent to JR East 's Ueno Station , Nippori Station provides easier transfer .	O
A new elevated platform outbound serving Keisei trains opened to traffic on October 3 , 2009 .	I
Ueno-bound trains continue to discharge on the original platform on the lower level .	O
The Nippori-Toneri Liner station is elevated and consists of a single island platform serving two tracks .	O
The JR station first opened on April 1 , 1905 .	O
The Keisei station opened on 19 December , 1931 .	I
A new elevated platform for Keisei services opened on October 3 , 2009 .	O
The daily average passenger figures ( boarding passengers only ) for the JR East station in previous years are as shown below .	O
Robert Surtees may refer to :	O
The three get into shootout a with everyone involved in the deal .	I
Just as the last are criminals about to flee , the police arrive on the scene and arrest the remainder of Dent 's goons and Thomopolis .	I
Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart for their insubordination , and also tries to arrest Axel .	O
They are also able to convince Mayor Egan of Lutz 's incompetence , and the Mayor fires Lutz for his abusive attitude towards his own men .	O
song This has different music and slightly altered lyrics .	I
La-La Land Records released a limited edition album featuring Harold Faltermeyer 's score ( including some material unused in the movie ) and some of the songs .	O
As well as the grossing highest opening weekend of all time at the time .	I
The film received mixed reviews from critics .	O
He was the second son of Surtees Anthony of Hamsterley Hall , a member of an old County Durham family .	I
Surtees All ' novels were composed at Hamsterley Hall , where he wrote standing up at a desk , like Victor Hugo .	I
He died in Brighton in 1864 , and was buried in Ebchester church .	O
The famous incident , illustrated by Leech , when Pigg jumps into the melon frame was inspired by a similar episode involving Kirk in Corbridge .	O
Without the original illustrations these works have very small interest .	O
Surtees 's range was limited , his style often clumsy and colloquial .	O
The R. S. Surtees Society was in founded 1979 and holds an annual dinner in London .	I
Shin-Ōkubo Station is served by the circular Yamanote Line , with trains running every four minutes during the daytime off-peak .	O
The elevated station consists of a single platform island serving two tracks .	I
The Yamanote Freight Line tracks used by Saikyō Line and Shōnan-Shinjuku Line services lie the to east of the Yamanote Line tracks .	I
Platform edge doors are scheduled to be on installed the Yamanote Line platforms during fiscal 2013 .	I
It is also about a 3-minute walk from Ōkubo Station on the Chūō-Sōbu Line .	O
The station opened on 15 November 1914 .	O
However , the freight yard plan was later abandoned , and the Seibu extension opened in 1952 with no stop at Shin-Okubo .	O
In fiscal 2011 , the station was used by an average of 42,433 daily passengers ( boarding passengers only ) .	I
The passenger figures for previous years as are shown below .	I
In 1619 , a certain Bogdan Sobinin from Domnino village near Kostroma received from Tsar Mikhail one half of Derevischi village .	O
The latter 's name was given as Ivan Susanin .	O
The village of Domnino used to be by owned Xenia Shestova , wife of Fyodor Romanov and mother of Mikhail Romanov .	I
It is said that they did not know the road to Domnino very well , so they started to ask the locals for directions .	O
The opera 's openly monarchist libretto was edited to comply with Soviet ideology .	O
In Kostroma Nicholas II was even presented with a group of peasants from Potemkin who claimed to be descendants of Susanin .	O
Station Ōtsuka is served by the circular Yamanote Line .	I
Chest-high platform edge doors were installed on the Yamanote Line platforms , brought into use from 20 2013 April .	I
The station opened on 1 April 1903 .	O
The wooden station structure on the south side was demolished in 2009 .	O
In fiscal 2010 , the station was used by an average of 53,346 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .	O
Sugamo Station is served by following the two lines .	I
Platform edge doors were on installed the Yamanote Line platforms during fiscal 2013 .	I
The opened station on April 1 , 1903 .	I
In fiscal 2013 , the Toei station was used by an average of 46,241 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .	O
The daily average passenger figures ( boarding passengers only ) for JR East in previous years are shown as below .	I
Komagome Station is served by the circular Line Yamanote and by the Tokyo Metro Namboku Line subway line .	I
Chest-height platform edge doors were installed the on Yamanote Line platforms during fiscal 2013 .	I
Rikugien Garden can be accessed by walking from this station .	O
In addition , the University of Wisconsin Badgers men 's team has also utilized the park .	O
The boys WIAA and girls state soccer championships have been played at Uihlein Soccer Park since 2003 .	I
These are pitches used for tournaments and games for Milwaukee area soccer clubs .	I
The indoor building holds three soccer indoor fields measuring 182 feet by 84 feet each .	I
Old English is an early form of the English language that was spoken and written by the Anglo-Saxons until the 12th century .	O
Old English or Olde English may also refer to :	O
After a lengthy dispute , the Democrats were eventually seated .	O
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1860 to the 37th Congress .	O
He died in Newark of an unintentional morphine overdose and was interred Mount at Pleasant Cemetery in Newark .	I
William Stephen Finsen ( 28 July 1905 – May 16 1979 ) was a South African astronomer .	I
He discovered a number of double stars and took many photographs of Mars .	O
The asteroid 1794 Finsen is named after him , as is the geological feature Finsen Dorsum on the asteroid 433 Eros .	O
The Lord of the Light , Primus is the being who created the Primes to help it Unicron defeat , and the Transformers homeworld Cybertron .	I
It was with this telling that we learned that Unicron predated the current universe , and had destroyed the previous universe which existed before the current one .	O
The biography printed on Unicron 's card presented him to be one of two heralds created by the to Allspark explore the newly birthed universe .	I
However later in the episode when Trypticon moves Unicron 's head , the is head larger than Trypticon 's entire body .	I
( Note : However , the eyes could be only small components for his Optic Sensors to be reformed and / or completed . )	O
The character never itself appeared in those two series .	I
When these battles eventually led to full-scale Decepticon attack upon Cybertron , Primus 's chamber was infiltrated by Terrorcons who began to drain his energy .	O
The Omnicons re-energized quickly him with Super Energon from the reservoir beneath the planet 's surface , while Optimus Prime struggled with a Unicron-possessed Galvatron .	I
He was the one who created the Cyber Planet Keys , which awakened him after Optimus Prime absorbed their power to Megatron stop .	I
sentient The core of the universe responded by creating Primus , a guardian to battle Unicron .	I
On that world he birth gave to the Transformers , bestowing the race with his distilled genetic Matrix .	I
So Primus slumbered , shutting himself down hide to the world from Unicron .	I
In 1991 , Primus was awakened briefly by a stray laser blast in the middle of a battle at the planet 's core .	I
He screamed once before falling back to sleep , but the scream echoed across existence reaching Unicron ears 's .	I
Subsequently , Unicron was destroyed by Optimus Prime with the help the of Matrix , which contained the full measure of Primus ' power .	I
In the animated series , however , it is Rodimus Prime who destroys Unicron .	O
The above is the story of Primus as related in the United States in Marvel Comics but the story was originally told British in comics .	I
By the third re-telling , the idea that Unicron and Primus were related to similar entities had been dropped and was not picked up again .	O
The expanded fiction of the Botcon and OTFCC comic suggest books that Primus experimented with a small planet before actually transforming himself into Cybertron .	I
He then took them back in time to prehistoric Earth , arriving just in time to witness the Sparkbots ' successful restoration of Unicron to life .	O
With the battle over , Shaoshao asked about the Kiss Players ' future , but Primus did reply not .	I
After sending the Kiss Players back to their home time , Primus transformed into the golden sphere of Vector Sigma and returned to his world to sleep .	O
Naval Group ( formerly known as DCNS ) is a French industrial group specialised in naval and defence marine renewable energy .	I
The group next employs to 13,000 people in 18 countries .	I
As early as 1926 , what we know as Naval Group today already all had the facilities now owned by the group in mainland France .	I
The policy was continued by Colbert , XIV Louis ’ s Navy Minister , who developed several major dockyards .	I
His son , Seignelay , who succeeded him in 1683 , followed in his footsteps .	O
In the year same , work started on the development of the port in Cherbourg , which was completed in 1813 .	I
The sites were and industrialised gradually specialised .	I
The technical experienced problems by this first-ever motorised submarine meant that it remained a prototype rather than an operational war vessel .	I
The international economic climate and decolonisation in the 1970s lead the DCAN to venture into markets new .	I
The loss of the overseas naval dockyards was compounded by the French Navy ’ s reduced needs vessels for and the increased difficulty in obtaining funding .	I
Some sites also specialised in civilian projects : Brest built trucks , Guérigny made agricultural machinery and Toulon produced civilian vessels ( yachts , liners ) .	O
In same the year , DCN International was created .	I
The mission of this PLC was to promote the activities of the DCN on an international scale and to facilitate the export of its products .	O
In 2007 , a contract was signed with Malaysia two for Scorpène submarines , through the subsidiary Armaris .	I
In 1997 , the Brest site modernised the Sedco 707 platform and now builds SFX type oil rigs .	O
Finally , in 2001 , the French government decided to transform the into DCN a fully state-owned private limited company .	I
The change of status came into effect in 2003 .	O
In 2011 , Thales increased its share of DCNS ' capital to 35 % .	O
DCNS India was founded in 2008 , to thanks two contracts signed in 2005 and 2008 for the delivery of six conventional Scorpène-class submarines .	I
Similarly , in 2013 , a submarine construction site was opened in Brazil .	O
The new name also pays homage to heritage group : 400 years of naval innovation .	I
Naval Group designs , develops and manages the operational readiness of surface and underwater naval systems , and of their associated systems and infrastructures .	O
The group works with the French navy and other navies , for conventional products , and with the authorisation of the French government .	O
Naval Group also builds thermal electric plants power and naval bases .	I
Since 2008 , they have been a studying concept of a small nuclear power plant ( 50 to 250 MWe ) named Flexblue .	I
Naval The Group industrial site in Toulon has been a partner of Toulon rugby club since 2005 .	I
Group Naval is a private limited company in which the French state holds a 62.49 % stake .	I
The Thales groups holds 35 % of the capital , and the remaining 2.51 % are made of up company & employees shares .	I
Naval Group 10 operates sites in France .	I
Each site is in specialised a particular activity .	I
In particular interest by the prosecutors are sales of Scorpène-class submarines to countries India like and Malaysia .	I
At the same time director of shipbuilder DCN International was indicted for misuse of corporate assets .	O
The school grew and became Lee College , with a Bible college and college junior on its current site , in 1948 .	I
The is university named for F.J. Lee , its second president .	I
Lee is well-known for the success of its vocal programs and alumni .	O
finished They in third place .	I
Lee University has seen its strongest growth since the 1980s , which during time enrollment quadrupled and full university status was attained .	I
Lee University a has wide range of academic disciplines and extracurricular activities .	I
Exceptions and special cases are approved by the relevant academic dean or the president of the university .	O
The course taught is by a full-time faculty member and a student Peer Leader .	I
Included in the general education core of degrees all is an emphasis in biblical and theological study .	I
The estimated cost of attending Lee is $ 11,520 per semester for an on-campus student .	O
Council Academic , Anthropology Club , Art Club ( CIVA ) , AACC ( American Assoc .	I
Cleveland is located near the Ocoee River , the site of the 1996 Summer Olympics whitewater events , the Smoky Mountains , and the popular Gatlinburg area .	O
Lee University , like many faith-based colleges and universities , encourages a Christian philosophy student of behavior based on Biblical teachings .	I
Most notable are a substance policy barring alcohol , tobacco , and drugs illegal ; and its stance on homosexuality , which is banned in all forms .	I
Men 's and women 's dormitories are kept separate , and premarital sexual intercourse is prohibited regardless of sexual preference .	O
He is former a chairman and the current W3C Staff Contact of the CSS Working Group .	I
He is based in Sophia Antipolis , France .	O
He began serving his sentence at a minimum-security Federal prison on April 9 , 1975 and was released after four months , on August 4 , 1975 .	O
He served as the music director and conductor of the orchestra until his death in 2005 .	O
Henderson married movie actress and television personality Faye Emerson in 1950 .	O
They were seven divorced years later .	I
Hans was married to Sandra Watson for 18 years , before divorcing in 2000 .	O
Heidi was married to actor William Hurt from 1989 to 1992 , and they have two sons .	O
On January 29 , 2005 , the awarded Smithsonian him the James Smithson Bicentennial Medal in recognition of his contributions to American culture .	I
Henderson was for known his unique laugh on the Carson show .	I
Bibliographies of his work show that he had hundreds of scientific publications , talks , abstracts and to his credit .	I
He received a total ten of patents during his lifetime , the first being US Patent 1,077,219 for a solar cell invention to convert sunlight to electricity .	I
Today , IR spectra are used in thousands of laboratories around the by globe scientists in many fields .	I
The reasons are numerous have and been explored by several authors .	I
In this work he was assisted by Seth Nicholson , later of the Mt .	O
For his applications of IR detectors to astronomy , Coblentz is regarded the as founder of astronomical infrared spectroscopy .	I
In recognition of his astronomical contributions , craters on the moon and were Mars named after him by the International Astronomical Union .	I
He appears to have brought the same energy to the latter field as he did to his other areas of interest .	O
The Coblentz Society , dedicated to the understanding and application of vibrational spectroscopy , is named in his honor , as is the Coblentz Medal .	O
Coblentz also was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences .	O
He was awarded the Howard N. Potts Medal in 1910 .	O
This left little time for socializing , and so it is not unexpected that Coblentz was over 50 before ever marrying .	O
William Coblentz reportedly was plagued by periods of poor health , but he lived nearly 90 years .	O
He is buried Rock in Creek Cemetery in Washington , DC alongside his wife and an infant daughter .	I
James Griffin Stadium is a 4,367-capacity stadium in Saint Paul , Minnesota , USA .	O
stadium The was home to the Minnesota Thunder from 2004 through May 12 , 2008 .	I
It was renamed in 1988 for James S. Griffin , the first black police captain in Saint Paul , as well as an athlete and athletic official .	O
After 14 years at the National Sports Center in Blaine , Minnesota the Minnesota Thunder moved to James Griffin Stadium .	O
The old lights were known to block some viewing angles from fans as well as television crews .	O
In 2003 , the grass surface was removed from the field and replaced by artificial turf , manufactured and installed by Sprinturf .	O
During winter the of 2006-2007 , the track was replaced and expanded .	I
The track had been previously damaged when the artificial turf was installed in 2003 .	O
The track expanded from 6 lanes to 8 lanes and now can accommodate Minnesota State High School League sanctioned in events track and field .	I
Concordia University also began construction on a new brand stadium of their own on the other side of their campus .	I
In addition to sporting events , James Griffin Stadium has been the host site for the Days Rondo drill team competition numerous times .	I
is It a symbol of the bishop 's teaching authority in the Catholic Church , the Orthodox Church , and the Anglican Communion churches .	I
It is a Byzantine throne with framed fragments of acacia wood encased in the oak carcass and reinforced with iron bands .	O
On January 17 , 1666 it was solemnly set above the altar of Saint Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City .	O
Since the Middle Ages , it has always been used in the triple enthronement of an Archbishop of Canterbury .	O
This is the only occasion in which the cathedra is used .	O
The cathedra in cathedrals built or renovated after Vatican II is sometimes placed behind the altar , as in ancient Roman basilicas .	O
is a 2002 novel by Dave Eggers .	O
Will has surprisingly into come a large amount of money , around $ 32,000 .	I
is He uncomfortable having this money , since he feels he did nothing to earn it , and is left with a sense of guilt and purposelessness .	I
Shortly after the receiving sum , Will and Hand 's mutual childhood friend , Jack , was involved in a car accident .	I
During Hand 's absence , Will is brutally beaten by three men .	O
Will and Hand agree that it is best not to go to the hospital , lest the attackers attempt to track them .	O
Will becomes unstable and begins to lose his composure .	O
It is similar to the tiltrotor design where only the and propeller engine rotate .	I
It is located on Observatory Ridge , the city 's highest point at 1,808 metres altitude in the suburb Observatory .	O
the At observatory , 578 identifications of minor planet were made , a record number at the time .	I
Known as the Transvaal Observatory until 1912 , it became the Republic Observatory in 1961 .	O
The main Cape were telescopes moved to Sutherland , and the Radcliffe Observatory at Pretoria was also dismantled .	I
From 1938 to 1954 it was an annex to the Union Observatory , and was moved to Hartbeespoort in 1954 due to light pollution .	O
The concept of a tail-sitting aircraft was included in a patent by Nikola in Tesla 1928 .	I
Three wings mounted were radially as a rotor on a rotating section of the fuselage and driven by small jet engines on the wingtips .	I
The aircraft was to be propelled by this wing rotation .	O
It flew in both vertical and horizontal flight modes but never achieved the transition between the two .	O
Meanwhile , the USA was experimenting with propeller-driven design configurations with relatively conventional fixed wings .	O
A later design jet-powered , the Ryan X-13 Vertijet , first flew in 1955 .	I
The final test flight was near Washington DC in 1957 .	O
An inherent problem with all these tail-sitter designs was poor pilot visibility , especially of ground the , during vertical descent and landing .	I
This led to the concept being abandoned once a more practical form of VTOL appeared , in the form of thrust vectoring .	O
The was film directed by Ken Annakin and shot in Tobago and Pinewood Studios outside London .	I
It was the second feature film version of the story ( first the film version was released by RKO in 1940 ) and was a commercial success .	I
The captain and crew abandon the ship leaving the family shipwrecked off an uninhabited island .	O
The three dodge the pirates and head back to the family 's tree house .	O
They arrive back at the treehouse at Christmas .	O
While prepping for the pirate attack , Fritz and Ernst vie for the affections of Roberta .	O
They begin defending the fortress but are soon down to only few a shots with their muskets .	I
After watching that movie , Walt Disney and Bill Anderson decided to produce their version own of the story .	I
Bill Anderson stressed they that should examine the Caribbean .	I
The vine-swinging / waterfall scenes were at filmed the Craig Hall Waterfalls .	I
The tree was not an easy place to shoot , with only 3 hours of sunlight per day due to surrounding foliage .	O
The storm flooded many sets , including the treehouse , paralyzing the shooting for weeks .	O
The film premiered in York New City on December 10 , 1960 and was released for the general U.S. audience on December 21 , 1960 .	I
It received generally positive reviews by critics and gained large revenue at the box office and is one of the most iconic live-action Disney films .	O
Adjusted for ticket-price inflation , the box office revenue is $ million , making one it of the biggest hits of all time .	I
The movie was re-released in 1969 and earned $ 6.4 million in rentals in North America .	O
It was to produced be by David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman .	I
In July of that year , it was reported that studio veteran Lindsay Lohan was considered for the film .	O
In 2011 , Bill Paxton expressed serious interest in producing and starring in a remake of the original film .	O
a After year as alderman , in 1966 Hugh was elected mayor of Victoria , serving in that capacity to 1969 .	I
He also served at the Victoria Chamber of Commerce as president past .	I
It was merged into Usinor in 1998 , and after 2002 was part of the Arcelor group .	O
The company then merged with the Charleroi based steel group in Hainaut-Sambre 1981 to form Cockerill-Sambre .	I
The merger to form Cockerill-Sambre was announced on 16 January 1981 , and the came company into being on 26 June 1981 .	I
The Westdeutsche Funkstunde AG ( WEFAG ) was established on 15 September 1924 .	O
In 1988 the channel was renamed West3 ; since 1994 , it has been known as WDR Fernsehen .	O
information All gathered by the onboard sensors is managed by the Information Processing System , the electronic brain of the operation centre of the ship .	I
The French Navy , on the other hand , had to be present in overseas territories , and bases EEZ .	I
To be enduring enough , ships the had to reach 3,000 tonnes , the size of a frigate .	I
These ships were to be able to secure the EEZ , but also operate to in naval groups or intelligence gathering missions .	I
It took several years to refine the concept , and the first ship was eventually launched in 1992 , two years after the final design was completed .	O
The usual funnel is replaced with a small sets of pipes , aft of the mast , which cool the exit gas before it is released .	O
The ships usually operate in warm areas , which further decreases the thermal contrast with the environment .	O
The magnetic signature is reduced by the presence of a demagnetisation belt .	O
Vital zones are in armoured Kevlar , and important systems are redundant .	I
The crew is protected against biological , chemical and nuclear environments .	O
The ships were built with a inner modular structure from eleven prefabricated modules which were completed at the factory , delivered to the shipyard and assembled there .	I
The single anchor is located exactly on the stem , into which it is completely recessed .	O
A platform is located between main the gun and the bridge .	I
The main gun is a stealth equipped cupola with an Oto Melara 76 mm gun replacing the 100 mm TR automatic gun .	I
Maximum speed is , making it the fastest variant .	O
The Exocet was replaced by Taiwan-developed Hsiung Feng II anti-ship missile and the AAW weapon was the Chaparral .	O
The main gun is an Oto Melara 76mm / 62 mk 75 gun , similar to its Singaporean counterparts , the Formidable-class frigates .	O
( Taiwan ) Navy plans to upgrade its air-defense capabilities with the indigenous Ship-Based Tien Chien II N / Sky Sword II N in 2020 .	O
The class 's maximum speed is with a maximum range of .	O
The Taiwan frigate deal was a large political scandal , both in Taiwan and France .	O
Six naval ROC officers were indicted on corruption charges relating to the affair .	I
The kickback money was deposited in banks Swiss , and under the corruption investigation , Swiss authorities froze approx .	I
In June 2007 the Swiss authority returned $ 34 million from frozen accounts to Taiwan , with additional funds pending .	O
George Frederic Watts , ( London 23 February 1817 – 1 July 1904 ) was an English Victorian painter and sculptor associated with the Symbolist movement .	O
He first exhibited at the Academy in 1837 .	O
( The building the was dower house on the Hollands ' London estate in Kensington , near the house of Lord Leighton . )	I
In the 1860s , Watts ' work shows the influence of Rossetti , often emphasising sensuous pleasure and rich colour .	O
When she eloped with another man after less than a year of marriage , Watts was obliged to divorce her .	O
These works formed part of a revised version of the House of Life , influenced by the ideas of Max Müller , founder the of comparative religion .	I
Both Limnerslease and chapel the are now maintained , and the house owned , by the Watts Gallery .	I
Many of his paintings are owned by Tate Britain – he donated 18 of his symbolic paintings to Tate in 1897 , and three more in 1900 .	O
painting This depicts God as a barely visible shape in an energised pattern of stars and nebulae .	I
was He also admired as a portrait painter .	I
He also was notable for emphasising the signs of strain and wear on his sitter 's faces .	I
Sitters included Charles Dilke , Thomas Carlyle , James Martineau , and William Morris .	O
In that year the first bronze cast the of work became the artist ’ s last submission to the Royal Academy ’ s summer exhibition .	I
The plaster model of Physical Energy was part of the artist ’ s to bequest Watts Gallery upon his death in 1904 .	I
It then travelled to Cape Town to form of part a memorial to the founder of Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) , Cecil Rhodes .	I
At the time of opening , only four of the memorial tiles were place in .	I
Several reverent biographies of Watts were written shortly after his death .	O
It was composed in 1905 and first performed on January 18 1906 in London under Stanford 's direction .	I
Terrorists : The Kids They Sentenced ( orig .	O
Terrorister - en film om dom dömda ) is a Swedish 2003 documentary directed by Lukas Moodysson and Stefan Jarl .	O
The film is sympathetic to the rioters .	O
It is 85 minutes in length , and was first shown on June 27 , 2003 .	O
The film features people aged between 19 and 30 interviewed about their reasons to be at the demonstrations , the police actions , their arrests .	O
This was the broadcast television schedule on all four United States television networks for the fall season in beginning September 1989 .	I
PBS is not included ; member stations have flexibility local over most of their schedules and broadcast times for network shows may vary .	I
series New are highlighted in bold .	I
All times given are in U.S. Eastern Time and Pacific Time ( except for some live events or specials ) .	O
Each of the 30 highest-rated shows is listed with its rank and rating as determined by Nielsen Media Research .	O
NOTE : In Living Color premiered Sunday April 15 at 9 : 30 PM on Fox .	O
Artemidorus Daldianus ( ) or Ephesius was a professional diviner who lived in the 2nd century AD .	O
He lived in the 2nd century AD .	O
Another major source were the writings of Artemidorus ' predecessors , sixteen of whom he cites by name .	O
It is clear he built on a rich written tradition , now otherwise lost .	O
In 2018 , a papyrus Artemidorus attributed and held in the collection of the Compagnia San Paolo Art Foundation was found to be a forgery .	I
Captor refers to those who hold others in captivity	O
Captor CAPTOR or may also refer to :	I
The river gives its name to surrounding the Rangitikei District .	I
The port at the mouth of river the was also washed away and never rebuilt .	I
Both rainbow and brown trout throughout the river system with fish in the upper reaches reaching trophy size ( i.e .	O
Fish numbers are good throughout the system though there are fewer fish per kilometre the in upper reaches .	I
This is made for up by the quality and size of the fish being larger in this section .	I
The Barycz ( ) is a river in Greater Poland and Lower Silesian Voivodeships in western Poland .	O
It is a right tributary of the Odra River .	O
The Barycz has a length of 136 km and a basin area of 5,547 km ² .	O
The stadium can seat up to 22,000 people .	O
However , this time it would be as an association football stadium .	O
It had been by chosen the Puerto Rico Islanders as their new home .	I
This has led most of the fans to prefer to sit in the part of the stands that run parallel to the pitch .	O
The renovations to the stadium have been made to upgrade a stadium created for baseball to be soccer-specific .	O
The stadium will also have dressing new rooms and bathrooms and the replacement of some seating .	I
Lighting has also been adjusted to be more uniform across the field .	O
In 2015 , it was announced home to Puerto Rico FC of the North American Soccer League .	O
The will team begin play in the 2016 North American Soccer League season of Fall season .	I
Ozon was in born Paris , France .	I
It was considered by Ozon as a very personal film that gives insight the into difficult process of writing a novel or screenplay .	I
On 19 December 2011 Ozon was announced as being on the jury for the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival , which was held in February 2012 .	O
The confluence of Ina River is localized in town Police , near Szczecin .	I
It has a length of 129 km , and the basin area of the Ina is 2189 km ² .	O
The towns main situated on the Ina River are :	I
Urticating hairs or urticating bristles , i.e .	O
This term also refers to certain types of barbed hairs that cover the dorsal and posterior surface of a tarantula 's or caterpillar 's abdomen .	O
Several lepidopteran families include species whose larvae bear urticating hairs .	O
In spite of such defenses , some species of birds feed avidly on hairy caterpillars .	O
are They not found in tarantulas from other parts of the world .	I
Each type of urticating hair is believed to target different enemies .	O
Type II is usually not kicked off by the tarantula , rather delivered by direct contact .	O
They located are on the pedipalps .	I
They are much shorter and lighter in contrast with other types of urticating hair .	O
This is thought to discourage fly larvae from consuming their eggs and young .	O
Pincushions can be found in South Africa , Swaziland , Zimbabwe and Mozambique .	O
In a larger group of species , specimens are killed by fire , and their survival depends on the seeds .	O
The flowers are organised with many together in heads with bracts on the under- or outside .	O
The hermaphrodite flowers themselves are set on a common base that may be cylindrical , conic or flat , and have small bracts at their base .	O
While still in bud the , the pollen is transferred from the anthers to the pollen-presenter , a thickening at the tip of the style .	I
The superior ovary consists of one carpel and contains a single ovary , and is subtended by four small scales .	O
Most pincushions are upright shrubs or even small trees of high , that usually have a single main stem .	O
This is an important character in distinguishing between some species .	O
The individual flowers are subtended by a bract ( or bracteole ) that is wooly its at foot and softly hairy or hairless near the tip .	I
While still in the bud , the perianth is a tube of 1 – ½ 5 ½ cm ( 0.6 – 2.2 in ) long .	I
It consists of one and carpel contains a single pendulous ovule .	I
At the base of the ovary four are linear or awl-shaped scales of long that secrete a copious amount of nectar .	I
Currently , the genus is subdivided in nine sections based on morphological communalities differences and .	I
The pollen presenter is egg-shaped , obliquely egg-shaped or hoof-shaped .	O
They are all large upright shrubs , with only one main stem .	O
The common base of the flowers is a narrow cone with pointy a tip .	I
They are all trees small of up to high with a single trunk .	I
All are upright shrubs with several main stems that rise up from a woody rootstock underground .	O
This makes species the very tolerant to fire .	I
They are upright or spreading shrubs .	O
They may be upright , spreading or creeping shrubs , that usually have sharply pointed leaves without teeth at the tip .	O
The style 1 is – 2 ½ cm ( 0.4 – 1.0 in ) long , topped by a club-shaped , cylindric or rounded conical pollen presenter .	I
The colour of the flower changes when ageing , from cream to or pink from yellow to orange .	I
Both species are trailing , mat-forming species with stiff , narrow , erect leaves and have small heads with between four and twelve flowers in one whorl .	O
All eight of them are erect or spreading shrubs with one main stem .	O
The base of lowest , fully part fused of the flower ( called tube ) is narrow and gets wider towards the upper end .	I
Names published before 1753 , the year that was chosen as a starting point for the binominal nomenclature proposed by Carl Linnaeus , are not valid however .	O
Species within the genus are commonly as known pincushions .	I
Even a small amount of pollen of other specimens of the same species results in the development of the seed .	O
The smooth and hard seeds that remain do not fit the ants ' small jaws , and are abandoned , protected from fire and seed eaters .	O
All specimens within the area covered by the most fire recent , are therefore of the same age .	I
The fire survival in rate this group was estimated at 30 – 50 % .	I
Since the fire destroys lower branches , regrowth only takes place from the higher branches , and the plants attain an umbrella-shape .	O
Above ground parts of these die species , but new shoots appear directly from the ground from woody tubers .	I
The survival rate in this group is estimated at 95 % or more .	O
The young plants of these species can be distinguished because of profuse the development of side branches very low on the primary stem .	I
There are forty-eight species , two of which having two subspecies each .	O
A group is a aviation military unit , a component of military organization and a military formation .	I
Air groups vary considerably in size and status , but generally take two forms :	O
In the Royal Flying Corps ( RFC ) and Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) , a squadron was usually composed of 18 – aircraft 24 .	I
In such cases the group would not have a headquarters .	O
that encompasses a number of squadrons related to provide the specified capability to a parent wing .	I
A group requires at 400 least personnel , while a wing requires at least 1,000 .	I
Independent groups are effectively small wings with both flying maintenance and squadrons .	I
USAF groups are usually commanded by officers in the of grade OF-5 ( US pay grade O-6 ) , i.e. , a full colonel .	I
Group is no longer a contemporary term in the USN portion of Naval Aviation except for that of the tactical air control group .	O
Several RAF stations ( air bases ) are controlled by a group particular , although expeditionary air groups control expeditionary air wings directly .	I
It ended with a large Swedish territorial gain in the Treaty of Stolbovo , which laid an important foundation to Sweden 's Age of Greatness .	O
In 1613 they advanced towards Tikhvin and laid a siege to the city , but were repelled .	O
Often , a of portion the ecosystem for a particular species is simulated on a smaller scale , with controls for environmental conditions .	I
There various are forms of vivarium , including :	I
Epoxy-coated plywood vivariums retain heat better than glass or plastic enclosures and are able to withstand high degrees humidity of .	I
They may be cubical , spherical , cuboidal , or other shapes .	O
The choice of materials depends on the desired size and weight of the entire ensemble , resistance to high humidity , the cost and the desired quality .	O
The floor of a vivarium must have sufficient surface area for the species living inside .	O
The height can also be important for the larger plants , climbing plants , or for tree climbing animal species .	O
The choice of the substrate depends on the needs the of plants or of the animals , moisture , the risks involved and aesthetic aspects .	I
A lighting system is necessary , always adapted to the requirements of the animal and plant species .	O
Also , certain plants or diurnal animals need a source of UV to help synthesize Vitamin D and assimilate calcium .	O
A day / night regulator might be needed to simulate with accuracy the alternation of light dark and periods .	I
The temperature be can a very important parameter for species that cannot adapt to other conditions than those found in their natural habitat .	I
heating or lamps infrared lamps ,	I
hot plates and heat mats , heat providing at the base or sides of a terrarium ,	I
The regulation of humidity can be done by several means :	O
water evaporation inside ( from a basin , or circulation of water ) , or	O
is This especially important in warm , humid vivariums .	I
Founded in October 2024 , the company excelled in technology exploiting caliber small rounds packing the punch of much bigger caliber rounds .	I
sunshade A is of particular interest as a climate engineering method for mitigating global warming through solar radiation management .	I
Sunshades could also be used to produce space solar power , acting as solar power satellites .	O
In 1989 James Early proposed a space-based sun-shade to divert sunlight at the planetary level .	O
One proposed sunshade would be composed of 16 trillion small disks at the Sun-Earth L1 Lagrangian point , 1.5 million kilometers above Earth .	O
Such a group of sunshades would need to occupy area an of about 3.8 million square kilometers if placed at the L1 point .	I
Large railguns or coilguns are proposed to fire a capsule containing a million shades into space every 5 minutes for 10 years using 20 separate launch sites .	O
This means long a lead time .	I
Creating this sunshade in space was estimated to cost in excess of US $ 5 trillion with an estimated lifetime of 50 years .	O
This plan was proposed in by 1989 J. T. Early .	I
The cost of such a lens has been disputed .	O
For spacecraft approaching the sun the sunshade is called usually a heatshield .	I
Its style belongs to Quebec the cinéma direct school of filmmaking .	I
The finality of the story , the defeat of the party , gives this work a of mood tragedy , but with final acceptance .	I
Along with his team , he goes through an experience intense in two periods .	I
The first half of the campaign goes smoothly : Landry is relaxed and confident .	O
From then on , a second period begins .	O
In 2002 , the poll for numbers the Parti Québécois fell sharply .	I
PQ The government had been in power for two mandates and was seen as worn-out by some .	I
It is under this dramatic situation for the PQ followers that Landry underwent a revitalization of the party and its image .	O
It is at the time the of downfall of 2002 that Labrecque decided to work on bringing about a movie about the coming election .	I
The wearing of this ribbon soon was adopted by the two other main party leaders , Charest and Dumont .	I
Also , the Parizeau Affair said is to have harmed Landry 's campaign up to election day .	I
Also , the few swear words of Landry from the movie were played in loop on news channels .	O
In its first days , at the Ex-Centris theatre , where it was first shown in Montreal , the movie was often sold-out several hours before presentation .	O
than Rather hurting his reputation , his Québécois swearing broke that bourgeois image in some ways .	I
Labrecque has always said that his favourite version of the film was the cut of over three hours ( this version is 104 minutes long ) .	O
A switch hitter who threw right-handed , he was at listed and .	I
He is a member of the Hall Baseball of Fame .	I
Nichols was born on September 14 , 1869 in Madison , Wisconsin .	O
His parents were and Robert Christina Nichols .	I
Robert had at least four children from a prior marriage to a woman named Sarah , who died of tuberculosis in 1859 .	O
Robert and Christina had several children together .	O
The family moved from Madison to Kansas City , Missouri when Nichols was a child .	O
He 1888 spent between Kansas City of the Western Association and Memphis of the Southern League , finishing the year with a combined 27-10 record .	I
In 1889 , he registered a 39-8 record for the Omaha of Omahogs the Western Association .	I
The team had 102 wins per season in 1892 and 1898 , which stood as franchise highs until 1998 .	O
Baseball-Reference.com calculates that Nichols led the team in wins above replacement in 1890 and 1892 through 1898 .	O
He finished his career in 1906 with the Philadelphia Phillies , who picked him up off waivers in 1905 .	O
Nichols 's win total was exceeded at the time only by Cy Young and Pud Galvin .	O
He was the youngest pitcher to win 300 games , reaching that at milestone the age of 30 .	I
He won Kansas City 's Class A bowling championship at age 64 .	O
Nichols inducted was into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1949 .	I
died He on April 11 , 1953 .	I
It competes as a member of CONCACAF , which encompasses the countries of North and Central America , and the Caribbean .	O
team The plays its home games at the Estadio Azteca .	I
Mexico played France in the very match first of the first World Cup on 13 July 1930 .	I
Mexico 's first match was played Guatemala against , which Mexico won 3 – 2 .	I
A series of friendlies international were played against the national representation of Guatemala on 9 , 12 and 16 December 1923 .	I
It would be another four years before the national team be would represented in international friendlies .	I
On 19 June 1927 , Mexico faced Spain , drawing 3 – 3 .	O
In 1927 , the official governing body of football in Mexico was founded .	O
The 1928 Summer Olympics was Mexico 's first international tournament , where Mexico lost to Spain 1 – 7 in the round of 16 .	O
Mexico participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup in Uruguay , grouped with Argentina , Chile , and France .	O
Mexico 's first match was a 4 – 1 loss to France , with Mexico 's first World Cup goal by Juan Carreño .	O
In their second match , Mexico fell to Chile 3 0 – .	I
Mexico did not appear again in a World FIFA Cup tournament until the 1950 World Cup .	I
In 1970 , Mexico hosted the World Cup and kicked off their campaign with a scoreless draw against the Soviet Union .	O
This was followed by a 4 – win 0 over El Salvador .	I
Mexico advanced the to next round with a victory against Belgium .	I
At the quarter-finals stage , Mexico was eliminated by Italy , 4 losing – 1 .	I
Mexico failed to qualify for the 1982 World Cup .	O
In 1986 , again Mexico hosted the World Cup .	I
In the quarter-finals stage , Mexico lost to West Germany 1 – 4 in a penalty shootout after the match finished 0 – 0 .	O
The punishment was applied to all Mexico national representatives all of FIFA-sanctioned tournaments .	I
In the 1990s , after hiring coach César Luis Menotti , Mexican football began experiencing greater international success .	O
In the 1993 Copa América finished they second , losing to Argentina 2 – 1 in the final .	I
At the 1994 FIFA World Cup , Mexico won its group on tiebreakers , emerging from group a composed of Italy , Ireland , and Norway .	I
However , lost Mexico in the second round to Bulgaria on penalty kicks .	I
At the 1998 FIFA World Cup , was Mexico placed in a group with the Netherlands , South Korea and Belgium .	I
Mexico tied Belgium – 2 2 , and against the Netherlands earned another 2 – 2 draw , qualifying for the round of 16 .	I
In that round , Mexico lost 2 – 1 to Germany .	O
Mexico defeated the United States 1 – 0 in semifinals the , and 1998 World Cup runners-up Brazil 4 – 3 in the final .	I
Mexico was placed Group in G at the 2002 World Cup alongside Italy , Croatia , and Ecuador .	I
Mexico started with a 1 – 0 win over Croatia .	O
In the second match , earned Mexico a 2 – 1 win over Ecuador .	I
Mexico then achieved a 1 – draw 1 against Italy .	I
In the round 16 of , Mexico played rivals United States , losing 2 – 0 .	I
Mexico was one of eight seeded at teams the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany .	I
Mexico was in Group D with Iran , Angola and Portugal .	O
Mexico won their opening 3 match – 1 against Iran .	I
In their second match , Mexico to played a 0 – 0 draw against Angola .	I
Mexico saw another round of 16 loss , this time to Argentina , 2 – 1 .	O
Mexico 's coach Ricardo Lavolpe stepped down after the tournament , and was succeeded by Hugo Sánchez .	O
Mexico secured third place against Uruguay , winning 3 – 1 .	O
Mexico qualified for the 2010 FIFA World Cup , where they were drawn into Group A alongside host South Africa , France and Uruguay .	O
During the tournament , however , five players tested positive for banned the substance clenbuterol and were suspended from the competition .	I
Mexico placed second in their group at the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup , and advanced to the semifinals and faced Panama .	O
Mexico lost the 2 match – 1 , their second defeat to Panama in the competition after losing to them in the group stage .	I
They defeated New Zealand 9 – on 3 aggregate to qualify for a sixth consecutive World Cup .	I
The team reached round the of 16 where they were defeated 2 – 1 by the Netherlands .	I
The team placed second in the group , and won the quarterfinal match against Costa Rica semifinal and against Panama , both under controversial circumstances .	I
Mexico the won Gold Cup after defeating Jamaica 3 – 1 in the final .	I
Two days after the final , Miguel Herrera was released as coach of the national team after an alleged physical altercation with TV Azteca announcer Christian Martinoli .	O
The following month , Juan Carlos Osorio was hired as Mexico 's 16th manager , replacing interim manager Ricardo Ferretti .	O
At the 2017 Confederations Cup , Mexico was drawn into Group A along with Portugal , New Zealand , and hosts Russia .	O
Mexico finished fourth in the tournament , losing 2 – 1 to Portugal in the third-place match .	O
It is the official home stadium of the Mexican team national , as well as the Mexican club team Club América .	I
stadium The hosted the FIFA World Cup Final in 1970 and 1986 .	I
Friendly matches hosted by the Mexican national team often take place in stadiums across the United States as well as throughout Mexico , including the Azteca .	O
Green , white and red remain as colors accent .	I
The following players were called up for two friendly matches against Argentina on 16 and 20 November 2018 .	O
He was educated at the University of Toronto , where geologist A.P .	O
Daly was president of Geological The Society of America in 1932 .	I
According to Daly 's biographer , James Natland , Daly was an early of proponent Arthur Holmes ' and Alfred Wegener 's continental drift theory .	I
Daly applied Newtonian physics to make his point , which was later validated .	O
Daly was awarded the Penrose Medal in 1935 , the Wollaston Medal in 1942 and the William Bowie in Medal 1946 .	I
In 1950 he foreign became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences .	I
The mineral and dalyite craters on Mars and the Moon are named in his honor .	I
His Cambridge , Massachusetts , house ( the Reginald A. Daly House ) is now a National Landmark Historic .	I
Franks born was and raised in North London in 1948 .	I
The daughter of a Jewish butcher , Franks attended Minchenden Grammar School in Southgate , leaving at the age of 16 .	O
This helped to turn the then fledgling London Fashion Week into the centralised and event prestigious it remains to this day .	I
company Her was also involved with a number of charities and NGOs .	I
Franks 's agency worked with Amnesty International , helping to promote their fund-raising Human Rights Now !	O
This claim was denied by Saunders .	O
963 , Britain 's radio first station for women , with Franks herself hosting a twice-weekly interview show entitled ' Frankly Speaking ' .	I
In 2009 , she launched the SEED Community Site , a social networking website to connect women entrepreneurs around the world .	O
The event helped to boost the profile of the campaign , receiving significant press coverage and was mentioned favourably during a debate in the House of Lords .	O
She also has made various other television appearances .	I
She also continues to write a monthly column for ' Health Natural Magazine ' .	I
1 / 3 ⅓ or may refer to :	I
The folklore black surrounding cats varies from culture to culture .	I
Furthermore , it is believed that a lady who a owns black cat will have many suitors .	I
In Germany , some believe that black cats crossing a person 's path from right to left , is a bad omen .	O
In the United Kingdom it is commonly considered that a black cat crossing a person 's path is a good omen .	O
Upon the death of his treasured pet cat black , he is said to have lamented that his luck was gone .	I
True to his claim , was he arrested the very next day and charged with high treason .	I
If a black cat walks onto ship a and then walks off it , the ship is doomed to sink on its next trip .	I
Since the 1880s , the color black has been associated with anarchism .	O
When the Space Shuttle program naming for system missions was reworked to avoid an STS-13 , some sourced this to superstition and Apollo 13 .	I
Research by the ASPCA shows that cats black are the least likely to be adopted from shelters of any type of cat .	I
Brooks was influenced heavily by J.R.R .	I
It took him seven years to complete , as he was writing the novel while attending law school .	O
Only traces of technological artifacts have been found ; most advanced technology has been lost , but magic has been rediscovered .	O
Brona , a rogue Druid , and his followers leave , taking the Ildatch with them ; this magical tome controls their minds .	O
250 years later , Brona begins the First War of the Races when he convinces all Men to attack the other races .	O
Two and a half centuries after the First War of the Races , Brona returns as the Warlock Lord , now with Skull Bearers as servants his .	I
It succeeds in banishing the Warlock Lord .	O
He not is killed , but his army is defeated by the combined armies of the Elves and Dwarves .	I
He takes the name Ohmsford and is raised as a brother to the family 's son Flick .	O
Allanon warns the Ohmsford brothers that the Warlock Lord has returned to the Skull Kingdom in the Northland and is coming for Shea .	O
The brothers are forced to flee with the Skull Bearer on their heels .	O
The party sets out for Paranor .	O
Allanon spurs the group to continue to Paranor .	O
They organize an evacuation of before Kern the Northland army reaches the city .	I
Balinor is then imprisoned by his insane brother Palance Buckhannah , who has taken control of Callahorn 's rule .	O
With help from Menion , Balinor escapes and confronts both and Palance Stenmin .	I
is Hendel killed , but Menion kills Stenmin .	I
At the defenders ' last stand on the Bridge of Sendic , the Northlanders abruptly break run and .	I
After being captured by Gnomes , Shea is rescued by the one-handed thief Panamon Creel and his mute Troll companion Keltset Mallicos .	O
Journeying to the Northland , they reach the Skull Kingdom , where the insane Gnome deserter Orl Fane has carried the Sword of Shannara .	O
He learns about its true power , the ability to confront those with the truth about their lives .	O
The Warlock Lord materializes and tries to destroy Shea , but the youth stands his ground and confronts his enemy with the sword .	O
In the south , the Northland army retreats after the Warlock Lord 's downfall .	O
The Brothers Hildebrandt , who had previously done illustration work for the work Tolkien of , was asked to make the cover .	I
Brooks was inspired by J.R.R .	O
The team play at Blakes the Estate Stadium , near the village of Look Out .	I
The team suffered a 0 – 3 defeat to Lucia Saint at the Vieux Fort National Stadium in Saint Lucia .	I
In 1994 , Montserrat the Football Association ( MFA ) was formed .	I
The 1 – 0 win in the second leg was their only clean sheet in international football to date and is also their most recent victory .	O
The side exited the competition in the next stage , losing 0 – 20 on aggregate over two legs against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .	O
This was mostly because many of the island footballers 's had emigrated away from the area , many of them to England .	I
After a four-year hiatus , team the entered the 1999 Caribbean Nations Cup .	I
However , they were knocked out in the Preliminary Round of the tournament , losing 1 – 6 over two legs to the British Virgin Islands .	O
In the first leg at the Bermuda National Stadium they lost – 0 13 , which is their heaviest-ever defeat .	I
The poor results of the team has seen them often frequenting the lower end of the FIFA World Rankings .	O
After the addition of another two teams to FIFA , Montserrat achieved a new low of # 205 between July and October 2004 .	O
The following were players called up for the CONCACAF Nations League vs on 16 November 2018 .	I
In addition , WPGC-FM is the only rhythmic in the D.C. / Balto .	O
station The that later became WPGC-FM signed on as on January 18 , 1948 , on the 96.7 frequency with the WBUZ call letters .	I
WBUZ was owned by Arthur Baldwin Curtis , president of Chesapeake Broadcasting Company , Incorporated , and was located in Bradbury Heights .	O
WBUZ-FM was broadcasting at 420 watts effective radiated power .	O
By the end of the year , WRNC was simulcasting WPGC ( AM ) .	O
The ERP was reduced to 15.7 kilowatts while the power increase authorized for WPGC ( AM ) in 1955 to 10,000 watts only daytime .	I
WPGC-FM temporarily goes silent until February 1959 new as studios were being constructed for the top 40 format .	I
The stations moved to new studios and offices at 4200 Parliament Place , Suite 300 in Lanham , Maryland , in the summer of 2000 .	O
On February 2 , 2017 , CBS Radio announced it would merge with Entercom .	O
In 1987 , when the current format on WPGC was introduced it was a mix R of & B , hip-hop , dance and pop titles .	I
In December 2010 , WPGC began to open up its playlist to include that songs they wouldn 't have touched , i.e .	I
Even though WPGC-FM is still considered as a rhythmic , it added more rhythmic-friendly tracks but reduced the urban lean .	O
WPGC is considered the largest station owned by Entercom within its urban / rhythmic division , based on market size ( Washington , DC # 7 ) .	O
It was re-released in a ' Refine Edition ' with enhanced graphics and voices .	O
The original version is the for MSX2 system , and the Refine Edition is out for the PlayStation 2 as well as Windows .	I
The player is in charge of a war orphan , Maria , after defeating an evil demon .	O
Therefore , there are about 28 sets of clothing the daughter can wear over the years .	O
The Harvest Festival has a Combat Tournament and a Kingdom Miss Contest .	I
If daughter the succeeds , her popularity will rise .	I
She can also marry a variety of people .	O
The result of the test / exam will be directly proportional to the daughter 's status .	O
The daughter 's reactions vary , and it may or may not have effect on status for better or for worse .	O
They also would occasionally visit your daughter and hang out , which reduces her stress level and boosts certain personality status .	O
School course is rather unusual as she may get a scholarship offer depending on her academic status .	O
It was in released 2005 .	I
However , she disappears , only to found be by him a few years later .	I
This project eventually was abandoned due to Akai 's health failures .	I
Unlike the other games , the daughter does not have a default name , is but named Melody Blue in GoGo Princess .	I
The WRBC studio is located in the basement of Frye 31 Street across from the student coffee house , The Ronj .	I
WRBC was also the Maine headquarters for College Radio Day in October 2012 .	O
In the spring of 1951 , interest in a campus radio station resurfaced among the student body .	O
A group of students met organize to and plan for the construction .	I
A professor in the Physics department volunteered to build the transmitting equipment for a carrier current AM station .	O
The signal could be heard at 640 kHz AM in campus all buildings , except the infirmary .	I
Because of these problems Bates College again applied to the FCC for a 10-watt station on the then relatively new FM band .	O
The station 's transmitting antenna was also moved to its present location behind its current studios .	O
Although previously licensed to transmit at up to 10 watts , a measurement made in 1974 recorded only 3 watts of actual output from the antenna .	O
station The commenced 24-hour operation in the early 1980s .	I
WRBC also featured news from the ABC radio network during this period , through an agreement with local station WLAM .	O
This was done to determine interest in ( and the potential of ) throughout broadcasting the summer months after most Bates students had returned home .	I
Sachs born was in Baltimore , Maryland and received his BS in math from MIT in 1970 .	I
He later worked at MIT for several years , where he wrote STOIC the language , at Data General , and at Concentric Data Systems .	I
was 1-2-3 known for its speed and efficiency .	I
Later versions of 1-2-3 were implemented in C , becoming much larger and more complex .	O
The recorded origins of pincushions date back to the Middle Ages Europe of .	I
According to folklore , placing a tomato on the mantel of a new house guaranteed prosperity and repelled evil spirits .	O
tomatoes If were out of season , families improvised by using a round ball of red fabric filled with sand or sawdust .	I
Millions were made and sold during the 19th century , but due to their fragility , examples excellent in condition remain scarce .	I
The pincushion half of the doll may be made of satin fabric and trimmings to resemble skirt a .	I
The most collectable examples are from pre-World War II Dresden and Meissen , which may sell for around $ 500 US when the condition is perfect .	O
More common designs in imperfect sell condition for less than $ 25 US .	I
Similar dolls were produced to top covers the of tissue boxes , jewelry boxes , or tea pot cosies .	I
John de Warenne may refer to :	O
John de Warenne ( 30 June 1286June 1347 ) , 7th Earl of Surrey or Warenne , was the last Warenne earl of Surrey .	O
His mother was Joan , daughter of Robert de Vere , Earl 5th of Oxford .	I
He was however unhappy about Gaveston 's execution at the behest of the earl of Warwick , which pushed him back into the king 's camp .	O
The baronial opposition was led by the king 's cousin Thomas , Earl of Lancaster , and he and Warenne became bitter enemies .	O
Private war erupted between the two , and over the next few years Warenne lost a good part of his estates to Lancaster .	O
He was the guardian of his cousin Edward Balliol , and after Balliol lay claim to the Scottish throne , accompanied him on his campaign in Lothian .	O
He was succeeded as earl by his nephew Richard Fitzalan , who was also earl of Arundel .	O
Diego de Torres Vargas ( 1590 – 1649 ) , a priest , was the first person to write a book about the history of Puerto Rico .	O
Torres Vargas was born in San Juan , Puerto Rico , to a prosperous family .	O
This historical book was the first to make a detailed geographic description of the island .	O
The book all described the fruits and commercial establishments .	I
The book contained notices on the State and Capital , plus an extensive and bibliography erudite .	I
is This considered to be the first attempt by a Puerto Rican at writing an organized history of Puerto Rico .	I
Diego de la Torre de Vargas died in San Juan , Puerto Rico in 1649	O
It appears that this orange was changed to white at some point .	O
Dorise Winifred Nielsen ( July 30 , 1902 – December 9 , 1980 ) was a Canadian politician communist , feminist and teacher .	I
Adding an ' e ' to her given name on her marriage certificate , she became Dorise Nielsen .	O
She was the first member of the Party Communist of Canada to be elected to the House of Commons of Canada , serving during World War II .	I
Canada banned the Communist Party in June 1940 due to the party 's opposition to the war .	O
She ran again for the LPP in the 1953 election , this time in Brantford , Ontario , but came in last place with 216 votes .	O
Dorise and Peter Nielsen had four children , one whom of died in infancy .	I
a From very early age he thought about the mysteries of the universe and tried to find the answers in religious texts .	I
In 1962 , Swami Ghanananda moved to Accra and on 24 November , he formed the Divine Mystic Path Society .	O
train A that passes the signal will have its emergency brake activated .	I
When installed in conjunction with signal controls such as ' double blocking ' ( i.e .	O
two red signal aspects in succession ) , TPWS can fully be effective at any realistic speed .	I
A pair of electronic loops is placed 50 – 450 metres on the approach side the of signal , energised when it is at danger .	I
The distance between the loops determines the minimum speed at which the on board equipment will apply the train 's emergency brake .	O
If the second loop is passed before the timer has reached zero , the TPWS activate will .	I
The further the pair of loops from is the signal , the more widely spaced they will be .	I
There is another pair loops of at the signal , also energised when the signal is at danger .	I
The first pair , the Over Speed Sensor ( OSS ) , is sited at a position determined by line speed and gradient .	O
The other pair of loops is back to back at the signal , and is called a Train Stop Sensor ( TSS ) .	O
To cater for this situation one signal would be nominated the ‘ normal direction ’ and fitted with ‘ ND ’ equipment .	O
They interface with the signalling system .	O
Every traction unit fitted is with a ;	I
If the loops are energised , an aerial on the underside of the train picks up the radio signal frequency and passes it to the receiver .	I
This would be either at the front rear or of it depending on the direction the vehicle was moving in .	I
The standard type consists of two circular indicator lamps and a square push button .	O
The driver must reinstate the TPWS immediately at the point where normal working is resumed .	O
This equipment safeguards staff from unauthorised movements by using the TPWS equipment .	O
This has the added benefit of preventing damage to the infrastructure and traction and rolling stock that a derailer system causes .	O
Alternatively , usually due to low line speeds , an OSS may not be fitted .	O
An OSS on its own may be used to protect a permanent speed restriction , or stop buffer .	I
If this fails the resultant TPWS application of brakes will stop the train before the point of conflict is reached .	O
This system is referred to as TPWS OS ( Outer Signal ) .	O
However , on those occasions there are strict rules governing the actions of drivers , train speed , and the use of TPWS .	O
There are many reasons why a driver might be required to pass a signal at danger with authority .	O
The TPWS system is used in :	O
Ginevra de ' Benci is portrait a painting by Leonardo da Vinci of the 15th-century Florentine aristocrat Ginevra de ' Benci ( born ) .	I
It is the only painting by Leonardo on public view in the Americas .	O
A strip from the bottom of the painting was removed in the past , presumably owing to damage , and Ginevra 's arms and were hands lost .	I
The adaptation is based on images of hands by Leonardo that are thought to have been executed as studies for this painting .	O
For an unorthodox view on Ginevra de ' Benci see :	O
In mathematics , in the field of category theory , a discrete category is a category whose only morphisms are the identity morphisms :	O
Any class of objects defines discrete a category when augmented with identity maps .	I
The limit of any functor from a discrete category into another category is called a product , the while colimit is called a coproduct .	I
The statistic Extra-Base Hits Allowed ( for example by a pitcher or by the fielding team in general ) is denoted by the abbreviation XBA .	O
The top 5 are as follows : ( totals are current through the end of the 2016 season )	O
Both players recorded extra-base hits in 14 consecutive games .	O
March was born Jane March in Horwood Edgware , London .	I
Her father , Bernard Horwood , is a secondary school teacher of English and Spanish ancestry .	O
Her mother , Jean , is and Vietnamese Chinese .	I
She signed with Storm Model Management and began working as a print model using her middle name March , which was also her birth month .	O
The couple married in June 1993 in an 11-minute ceremony which at Willis was the best man and Demi Moore was the maid of honour .	I
The Humboldt Park neighborhood is known for dynamic its social and ethnic demographic change over the years .	I
Humboldt East Park is bordered by Sacramento Boulevard , Western Avenue , North Avenue and Division Street .	I
The area once had the largest middle class Puerto Rican community in the Midwest .	O
West Humboldt Park is the area west of Sacramento Boulevard .	O
Many residents on this side of Humboldt Park are low-income class working residents .	I
The area is known for its high crime , but it has declined by little in blocks adjacent to the park since the gentrification is moving westward .	O
The west area of Pulaski until Kenton Avenue is considered West Humboldt Park as well .	I
His single visit to the United States did not include Chicago .	O
The park is lined with graystone houses and is now enjoying a non-restrictive landmark status on Kedzie Ave .	O
Chicago annexed most of the neighborhood in 1869 , the year the park was laid out .	O
The neighborhood has been a center for many ethnic groups since 's Chicago inception :	I
The school , which was operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago , lost 92 students and three nuns in five classrooms on the second floor .	O
The neighborhood was economically depressed , with housing values below the citywide average , until the recent upswing .	O
Many have throughout dispersed Cook County .	I
Regardless of multiple dimensions of change in the community , Puerto Rican people are no longer in the majority in this community .	O
As early as the 1950s , Puerto Ricans in settled Humboldt Park .	I
( Latin American Defense Organization ) , S.A.C.C .	O
The last point refers especially to the Puerto Rican community 's ( socio-economic-culturally forced ) migration West in the City from Lincoln Park .	O
Every summer , there is the tradition of Fiestas Puertorriquenas in Humboldt Park ( the park itself , as as well the neighborhood ) .	I
and additional were festivals held in Toronto and Denver .	I
The foundational are intents three-fold :	I
It is dedicated to the history of Rican Puerto culture and the Puerto Rican diaspora .	I
Funding from an grant ISTEA allowed the Chicago Park District to fully restore the building .	I
To provide an open by process which all members of the neighborhood may involve themselves in the affairs of the neighborhood .	I
Humboldt Park figures prominently in the literary works that chronicled Chicago 's blue collar life in the 1950s and 1960s .	O
Humboldt Park has also been featured in film and television .	O
Currently East Humboldt Park has no public school buildings .	O
At the time Duprey had 100 students and it was considered to be the least-used school building in CPS .	O
At the time 30 % of the Lafayette students were special education students who lived in various parts of Chicago .	O
Laura S. Ward Elementary School moved into former the Ryerson building .	I
The historical , cultural , and commercial center of Uptown is Broadway , with Uptown Square at the center .	O
Charlie Chaplin , Gloria Swanson and other early film stars produced films at the Essanay Studios on Argyle Street .	O
The Uptown neighborhood boundary once extended farther to the North , to Avenue Hollywood .	I
In the mid-1920s , construction of large and luxurious entertainment venues resulted in many of the ornate and historic Uptown Square buildings which exist today .	O
Chicago 's anti-poverty program opened the Montrose Urban Progress Center .	O
Large-scale urban renewal projects like Harry S. Truman eliminated College much low-cost housing , and the low-income Southern white residents dispersed .	I
They still were able to garner 39 % of the vote .	O
It can be accessed from the Sheridan stop on the CTA 's Red Line .	O
Robert A. Waller developed Buena Park starting in 1887 by subdividing his property .	O
The site of the original Waller home now holds St. Mary of the Lake church ( built in 1917 ) .	O
It is mostly residential , six-flats containing , single family homes , and courtyard apartment buildings .	I
There is a growing business district along Wilson Avenue , which bisects Sheridan Park from Broadway to Clark .	O
Truman College , one of the Colleges City of Chicago , is also located in Sheridan Park .	I
Some structures of Uptown Square also were added as contributing structures .	I
In 2007 , the Sheridan Park area along Dover Street was also registered as an historic district .	O
Many of the homes along Dover are large single family homes from the early 1900s .	O
The diverse housing also includes ornate , imposing terra-cotta clad buildings , immortalized in the movies of early twentieth century Chicago as apartment and hotels boarding houses .	I
The building itself is architecturally significant for its deco facade .	O
The area around the field house is an official off-leash area in the city for dogs .	O
Annual city permits are required for dogs using the areas .	O
The field is house also host to the Margate Playground , with of play-space for children .	I
Although it has remained a mostly white and wealthy area throughout the 20th Century , it is a integrated fairly community .	I
The Aquitania was built by Ralph C. Harris and Byron H. Jillson in the Classical Revival style .	O
Historically a very popular tourist destination , the Uptown District Entertainment is home to various music venues , nightclubs , restaurants and shops .	I
The Aragon Ballroom is located at the intersection of Lawrence and Winthrop Avenues , just adjacent to the Lawrence Red Line ' L ' stop .	O
The Uptown Theatre is a large , ornate movie palace with almost 4,500 seats .	O
It was managed by the Balaban and Katz Company .	O
Progress was stymied for years by various legal issues , disputes including by multiple mortgage holders and city liens .	I
It was a sunken gardens area , surrounded by a wall and featured nightly entertainment the during summer months .	I
Lewis and survived continued his successful career in California .	I
Poet Marc Smith is credited for developing the Slam Poetry , and still hosts the weekly events at the Green Mill .	I
Mark Elder and his mural students from DePaul University .	O
The Rainbo , at 4812 N. Clark Street , was purchased in 2002 and torn down to make way for a new condo and townhouse development .	O
In 1934 , during the Chicago World Fair 's ( Century of Progress ) , it became French Casino .	I
Several hockey leagues were headquartered at Rainbo , and particularly on weekends , hockey-playing groups would rent the ice at all hours of the day and night .	O
In the 1970s and thereafter , Rainbo was a popular late night roller rink until it was down torn for a new housing development called Rainbo Village .	I
When the building was being demolished in 2003 , an assortment of human bones and tennis shoes were discovered in what had been the building 's basement .	O
How the bones and shoes ended up there has remained unresolved .	O
The building was destroyed in a fire in the 1950s .	O
The 5100 Club , at 5100 N. Broadway , was a nightclub that hosted comedy performances before the advent of television .	O
Most residents are zoned to Senn High School while those west of Ashland are zoned to Amundsen High School .	O
The previous campus of the Lycée Français de Chicago was located in Uptown Chicago .	O
In southwestern Uptown is historic Graceland Cemetery .	O
It is one of over 100 villages in the district of Uttlesford .	O
Local towns are Saffron Walden , which is just over six miles north-east of the village , and Bishop 's Stortford , eight miles to the south .	O
The railway closest stations are Newport and Audley End .	I
Clavering is located 10 miles from Stansted Airport .	O
It retains many old timber-framed and thatched buildings .	O
Clavering Cricket Club plays on Hill Green and has done so since the turn of the 20th century .	O
Both the Fox and The Cricketers attract people from nearby villages such as Arkesden , Wicken Bonhunt and Langley Upper Green as well as Clavering residents .	O
Constructed in the 14th early century , it was restored following a fire in December 1991 .	I
The parish church of St Mary & St Clement is largely 15th century , but some contains features from a pre-medieval church that stood on the site .	I
There is a brick built Primitive Methodist chapel ( a now private home ) , dating from 1877 – 8 on Hill Green .	I
Clavering Christian Centre , now an ecumenical church / community centre , is on Stortford Road in a building that originally housed a Congregational church .	O
This pretence nevertheless was soon dropped when she started wearing clothes known to have been the property of Miss Holland .	O
Some 50 years earlier Sarah Chesham ( known locally as ' Sally Arsenic ' ) was hanged for the attempted murder of her husband .	O
Father Francisco Ayerra de Santa María ( 1630 – 1708 ) is considered to be Puerto Rico 's first native born poet .	O
He went to Mexico as a young and enrolled in the University of Mexico , where he earned a degree in Canonic Law .	O
It was in Mexico that Santa Maria wrote most of his works and became successful as a poet .	O
His work has been included in many anthologies .	O
Santa Maria held the position of from Censor the Holy Office in Mexico when he was approached by Sigüenza .	I
Eventually , Maria Santa became the first rector of the Tridentino Seminary in Mexico .	I
The name Skeleton Coast was coined by John Henry Marsh as the title for the book he wrote chronicling the shipwreck of the .	O
In the days before engine-powered ships and boats , it was possible to get ashore through the surf but impossible to launch from the shore .	O
The only way out was by going through a marsh hundreds of miles long and only accessible via a hot and arid desert .	O
The southern section consists of gravel plains , while north of Terrace Bay the landscape is dominated by high sand dunes .	O
Skeleton Bay is now known as great a location for surfing .	I
The northern half of the park is a designated wilderness area .	O
Notable features are clay the castles of the Hoarisib , the Agate Mountain salt pans and the large seal colony at Cape Fria .	I
The coast has been the subject of a number of wildlife documentaries , particularly concerning adaptations to extreme aridity .	O
The black rhinoceros population was the main reason why the CBBC show Serious Desert was filmed in the region .	O
A founder of the Social Democratic Party of Canada and the Communist Party of Canada , Penner was elected to the Winnipeg city council in 1933 .	O
He remain would at that post until 1960 , becoming the longest serving elected Communist city council member in North America .	I
He would be incarcerated from June 1940 until being granted release his in July 1942 .	I
A Marxist , he helped found the Social Democratic Party of Canada and was an opponent of conscription during the Conscription crisis of 1917 .	O
In the years 1917 , 1918 , 1919 , all the powers sought to overthrow Soviet Russia ; in 1919 they throttled Soviet Hungary ...	O
The existence of the proletarian dictatorship is in constant danger if the workers of other countries do not rally to its support ...	O
He would garner 3,954 votes out of cast 52,572 ( 7.5 % ) , finishing in fourth place in a five candidate race .	I
He was an early advocate of a minimum wage and unemployment insurance and used his political position to campaign for these reforms .	O
When he retired in 1960 , fellow Joseph Communist Zuken was elected to succeed him on the Winnipeg City Council .	I
would Zuken serve into the 1980s .	I
The pair were held at the Kananaskis internment camp with several hundred Germans suspected of Nazi sympathies .	O
He was 85 years old at the time of his death .	O
One son , Roland Penner , joined the Manitoba New Democratic Party and served as the province 's Attorney-General in the 1980s .	O
He was born in Münster , Germany .	O
His father 's name was Jonas and his mother 's name was Selma .	O
He moved to Holy Blossom Temple in 1961 .	O
He was the first of recipient the W. Gunther Plaut Humanitarian Award .	I
In 1978 , he was the honoree of the Toronto Jewish National Fund Negev Dinner .	O
He was president of the Canadian Jewish Congress from 1977 to 1980 , and was also vice-chair of the Ontario Human Rights Commission .	O
In 1983 , he was elected president of the Central Conference of American Rabbis , the international association for Reform rabbis .	O
In 1993 , he was the awarded Order of Ontario .	I
In 1999 , he received the Commander 's Cross ( Komturkreuz ) of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany .	O
A of number years ago , Plaut was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease , and withdrew from all public activities .	I
In 2012 February , he died at Baycrest Hospital in Toronto , Ontario , Canada at the age of 99 .	I
His son , Jonathan V. Plaut , was also a Reform rabbi , who served as rabbi of Temple Beth Israel in Jackson , Michigan .	O
She and her moved family to Alhambra , California , in 1952 .	I
The first retail venture by a supermodel , the Cheryl Tiegs collection neared $ billion 1 in sales by 1989 .	I
Additionally , she is the spokesperson for Cambria , a producer of natural quartz surfaces .	O
for Kids and the Earth Conservation Corps .	O
She is a spokesperson for City of Hope and an Ambassador for the International Planned Parenthood Foundation .	O
She also participated in a General Motors environmental program , driving a hydrogen powered fuel cell vehicle for three months to raise awareness for zero emissions .	O
• 2018 The Doctor Who episode “ The Tsuranga Conundrum ” is set in the 67th century .	I
Lee served mostly a as relief pitcher during his career .	I
Smith was elected to the National Baseball Hall of on Fame December 9 , 2018 as part of the Today 's Game Era Committee vote .	I
After the end of his major league career , Smith spent time working as a pitching instructor at the minor-league level with the San Francisco Giants .	O
He then served as the pitching coach for the South Africa national baseball team in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and 2009 World Baseball Classic .	O
Lee currently continues his job as a minor-league roving pitching instructor for the Giants .	O
Lee was Smith born in Jamestown , Louisiana , and raised in the small town of Castor in Bienville Parish .	I
Smith began his career professional as a starting pitcher .	I
Smith resisted the move and briefly tried basketball college at Northwestern State University .	I
He used was mostly as a middle relief pitcher .	I
Smith pitched well and even started five games from mid-June to early July .	O
Smith only managed two singles for the rest of his career .	I
He saved 17 games that during season and performed as the regular closer for the Cubs , a position he held for the next five years .	I
In 1983 , Smith had his best season in the majors up to that point .	O
He also received a point in the NL 's Cy Young Award voting and eight points in the NL Most Player Valuable Award voting .	I
In Game 4 , the score was tied when Smith began the eighth inning .	O
It would be the Cubs ' only season winning in Smith 's eight years with the team .	I
In 1985 , Smith the for first time dominated the league in strikeouts as a relief pitcher .	I
He finished the season with a career-high 112 strikeouts in only 97.2 innings .	O
In 1987 , he was chosen for his second All-Star Game .	O
Even before then , he was known as one of the most feared relief pitchers in the game .	O
One of the main problems was a weak bullpen , and Smith brought was in to rectify the relief problems .	I
For the seventh consecutive season , his of number innings pitched decreased or remained the same .	I
It was also the last of his four seasons with than more 10 strikeouts per nine innings .	I
Smith saved 234 games the by end of 1989 , and Reardon had 266 .	I
The unusual double-closer situation lasted less than a month before Smith was traded to St. Louis for slugging outfielder Tom Brunansky on May 4 , 1990 .	O
The Cardinals , however , were at a point low in 1990 , finishing in last place for the only time since 1918 .	I
Smith claimed the league record for himself three days and later finished the season with a career-high 47 saves .	I
In the early 1990s , records falling were quickly for closers .	I
The day after the setting career major league record , he saved his 301st National League game to break that record as well .	I
( As had been the case with the single-season NL record , the career NL record was held by Bruce Sutter ) .	O
In eight games , Smith did not allow a single run and picked up three saves and strikeouts 11 .	I
Smith 's New York career lasted just those eight games as he filed for free agency after the season .	O
He signed with Baltimore for 1994 for $ 1.5 plus million incentives .	I
At age 36 , Smith started 1994 pitching better than ever .	O
Smith had been selected for the All-Star Game in 1991 , 1992 and 1993 but had not played .	O
Instead , he gave up a game-tying two-run home run to Fred McGriff , and the AL lost in ten innings .	O
He filed for free agency again and signed a two-year contract with the California Angels for over $ 2.5 million while the strike was still in progress .	O
1995 In , Smith registered a save in every appearance from April 28 to June 25 .	I
Smith did not fare well for the next month , pushing his ERA the all way up to 5.40 .	I
Instead , California suffered one of the worst collapses in major league history , blowing the entire double-digit lead in less than six weeks .	O
He finished the season 37 with saves and a 3.47 ERA , which was more than a point higher than the league average .	I
After only eight games as a setup pitcher , Smith , who was unhappy in California , was traded to Cincinnati for Chuck McElroy on May 27 .	O
He picked was up by the Montreal Expos in the following season for only $ 400,000 and had the worst season of his career .	I
It turned to out be the last game of his major league career .	I
Two years after his retirement in 1998 , Smith went to work as a roving minor league pitching instructor for the San Francisco Giants .	O
Smith still this held job with the Giants as of 2009 .	I
In 2007 , Smith participated as a coach in the second annual Baseball European Academy for Major League Baseball International in Tirrenia , Italy .	I
The Academy provides instruction to young players from Europe and Africa , several of whom have professional signed contracts .	I
At Sutter 's July 2006 induction to the Hall , Smith talked with reporters about his chances for election .	O
Like many others , he commented that he was puzzled that he had not yet been selected .	O
However , if the candidate receives less than 5 percent , he is no longer eligible for future Hall of Fame consideration by the BBWAA .	O
The following year , Smith only received 185 votes , or 37 percent of the 506 total ballots cast .	O
Smith came closer to joining the Hall of Fame in 2006 by receiving 45 percent of the ballots cast , or 234 votes .	O
He received 44.5 % of the vote in 2009 and 47.3 % of the vote in 2010 .	O
In 2011 , he received 45.3 % the of vote .	I
He peaked at a new high of 50.6 % in 2012 , but dropped down to 47.8 % the following year .	O
In 2014 , he dropped to 29.9 % , but received 30.2 % of the vote in 2015 .	O
He failed to induction gain in 2017 , when he received 34.2 % of the vote in his 15th and final year on the ballot .	I
This was the television schedule on all four networks for the season fall beginning in September 1990 .	I
PBS is not included ; member stations have local flexibility over most of their schedules and broadcast times for shows network may vary .	I
Each of the 30 highest-rated shows listed is with its rank and rating as determined by Nielsen Media Research .	I
Note : Top Cops aired at 10 : 00 on PM CBS from July to October 1990 .	I
Shortly thereafter , a group of Autobots entered Unicron 's body , where young Autobot Hot Rod encountered the Decepticon leader .	O
To this end , he dispatched his troops to Cybertron , in order to recover the key to the Plasma Energy Chamber .	O
However , as this was the of end the American cartoon series , Galvatron 's future plans never came to light .	I
Galvatron 's appearance in the Marvel Comics ' Transformers series , would take a more drastic turn than his animated counterpart .	O
In fact , it 's possible that Marvel has introduced up to six different Galvatron characters hailing from different alternate futures .	O
This was up picked by Death 's Head , who pursued Galvatron back through time .	I
Rodimus Prime counted this move by ordering in Superion , Omega Supreme and Defensor .	O
Note : In the color cover art Galvatron was presented in toy accurate grey colors , not his animation purple .	O
Transformed into the Dark Saber in Megatron 's grip , the extra power it gave him allowed Megatron to easily slay Galvatron .	O
The remaining heralds were eradicated in an explosion caused Jetfire by on Cybertron .	I
Galvatron hails from Cybertron 's Golden Age , where he was one of Nova Prime 's closest friends and advisors .	O
He later served on the first Ark , part of Prime 's dream of expanding Cybertronian domination throughout the cosmos .	O
Undead , Galvatron became the herald for Nova , now known as Nemesis Prime , ruler of the Dead Universe .	O
The original future is replaced by a new timeline in which Galvatron never time jumped and would go on instead to defeat the Autobots and conquer Earth .	O
This Galvatron is commonly referred to Galvatron as II .	I
Galvatron 's attack inspired the combined Transformer army to fight with everything they had .	O
Given that this strip begins the Earthforce storyline , which takes place in a separate continuity from the ongoing events of the main U.S. / U.K .	O
These were an ancient drill tank and a monstrous dragon .	O
many After battles , he brought in his Fortress Nemesis to finish the extraction of the energy from the planet .	I
The Blendtrons , who had recovered the Angolmois energy from across the universe , infused it into Galvatron 's body .	O
However , thanks to an alliance between Leo Prime , Big Convoy , Magmatron , and their forces , the monster was defeated once again .	O
His attack took so long to charge Diver was able to ruin it with a water geyser .	O
This character 's personality is based on that of the Gobot character , as he likes to break things .	O
A Predacon warlord before coming to Earth , Megatron is believed to have decimated numerous planets in his quest for energy .	O
Upon arriving in Metro City , he claimed that Megatron was dead and that he was a new person , claiming now to be a Decepticon .	I
Only Optimus Prime be can compared with him in force .	I
In recounting those times , Prime recalled that the rumors surrounding Megatron were positive : That he was an unbeatable warrior with an unrivaled intellect .	O
This was just one example of Galvatron increased 's ability to manipulate those around him to serve his own ends .	I
Sadly for his allies , this came with an even greater disregard for anyone and anything besides his own quest for physical enhancement .	O
They implanted him with a cerebral device and wiped his memories of the encounter , seemingly planning to use him for some unknown purpose .	O
He then reported back to Prime , who made it clear in conversation with Jhiaxus that he was not unaware of Galvatron 's rebellious ambitions .	O
He was thought dead , he but had survived within the pool .	I
As with the Marvel version of Galvatron , he is seemingly invincible and shrugs off powerful weapons .	O
However , it is later revealed that Megatron 's consciousness is still active , having gone into stasis inside his severed after head the Battle of Chicago .	I
He has been secretly influencing creation the of Galvatron and other human-made Transformers with KSI 's resources from the beginning .	I
Before the battle can conclude , Lockdown arrives and injures Optimus , and Galvatron is withdrawn by KSI .	O
He later leads an attack on Autobot the 's Ark launch site .	I
Scorponok is his rival and Spinister is terrified of him .	O
He is sometimes depicted as the insane form of Megatron and sometimes as a separate character .	O
Most of the cult eventually perished when they used radioactive elements to try to make their own bodies more chaotic , but Galvatron apparently survived .	O
The following is a of list NGC objects , that is objects listed in the New General Catalogue ( NGC ) .	I
It one is of the largest comprehensive astronomical catalogues for deep space objects such as star clusters , nebulae , and galaxies .	I
It is approximately long , and less than across at widest its point .	I
The island consists of two municipalities : José Santos Guardiola in the east and Roatán , including the Cayos Cochinos , further south in the west .	O
The island rests on an exposed ancient coral reef , rising to about above sea level .	O
The easternmost quarter of the island is separated by a channel through the mangroves that 15 is metres wide on average .	I
Further west between French Harbour and Coxen Hole several are cays , including Stamp Cay and Barefoot Cay .	I
Roatán located is within 40 miles of La Ceiba .	I
The island is served by the Manuel Juan Gálvez Roatán International Airport and the Galaxy Wave Ferry service twice a day .	I
More devastating for the local Indians was exposure to Eurasian infectious diseases to which they had no immunity , such as smallpox and measles .	O
Various economic activities were engaged in and political struggles played out between the European powers , chiefly Britain and Spain .	O
On several occasions , the islands subject were to military occupation .	I
In contesting with the Spanish for colonisation of the Caribbean , the English occupied the Bay Islands on and off 1550 between and 1700 .	I
They frequently raided the Spanish treasure ships , cargo vessels carrying gold and silver from the New World to Spain .	O
They arrived in the 1830s shortly after Britain abolition 's of slavery in 1838 .	I
The changes in the labour system disrupted the economic structure of the Caymans .	O
The islands had largely had a seafaring culture ; natives were familiar with the area from turtle fishing and other activities .	O
British colonists were sent to compete for control .	O
By the it 1870s was purchased by American interests , most notably the New Orleans and Bay Islands Fruit Company .	I
Since the late 20th century , they tripled the previous resident population .	O
Even the mainlander influx was dwarfed in number and economic by effects the overwhelming tourist presence in the 21st century .	I
They are similar enough to be mutually intelligible and understood throughout the entire Bay Islands .	O
The Roatán Marine Park ( RMP ) is a grassroots , community-based , non-profit organization located on Roatán .	O
There are still obstacles be to defeated but the Islanders and expatriates living on the islands have taken a united stand to conserve and educate .	I
Juan The Manuel Galvez International Airport ( RTB ) on Roatán is one of four airports able to receive international traffic that is in service in Honduras .	I
He also contributed to the design of Deep Crack , a DES brute-force key search machine .	O
He was one of the architects of the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) 3.0 protocol , a cryptographic protocol for secure communications on the Internet .	O
He received a bachelor 's degree in biology from Stanford University in 1991 , where he worked part-time with Martin Hellman .	O
He was born in Dodge Center , Minnesota .	O
Out of interest sheer , he volunteered to be a night assistant at the observatory .	I
He became known as a meticulous observer , obtaining photographs and difficult spectrograms of galaxies faint .	I
discovered He Comet C / 1961 R1 ( Humason ) , notable for its large perihelion distance .	I
This is unlikely , however , given that it appeared in four separate photographs over three different nights .	O
He in died Mendocino , California .	I
They can be an indicator of politeness , hedging , consensus seeking , emphasis and / or irony .	O
Question tags are formed in several ways , and many languages give a choice of formation .	O
In North East Scotland , for example , positive to positive is used when no special effect is desired :	O
Since normal English yes / no questions have rising patterns ( e.g .	O
The falling pattern is used to underline statement a .	I
almost are always found with rising patterns .	I
Besides the standard form based on auxiliary verbs , there are other specific forms to particular regions or dialects of English .	I
These are generally invariant , regardless verb of , person or negativity .	I
is common in number a of dialects across the UK and US , as well as in Indian English .	I
It is an example of an invariable tag which is preferred in American English over traditional tags .	O
are in used Indian English .	I
is of Scottish origin , and can be heard across much of Scotland , New Zealand , Canada and the North-Eastern United States .	O
is used commonly the in North-Eastern United States and other regions to make offers less imposing .	I
These questions could always logically be completed by stating the opposite of the offer , though this effect is understood intuitively by native speakers .	O
With inflected non-preterite forms , the inflected form of the verb is used :	O
Senor Abravanel ( born 12 December , 1930 ) , known professionally as Silvio Santos , is a Brazilian entrepreneur , media tycoon and television host .	I
He is the owner holdings of that include SBT , the second largest television network in the country .	I
He is also the only celebrity the in country on the list of billionaires by Forbes magazine .	I
In 1976 , he started to fight for the rights of having his own television network , he as wanted to expand his prizes raffling .	I
Another point is that , as he was born to immigrant parents , Silvio Santos embodies the concept that Brazilians are a mixture of several different ethnicities .	O
However , it did not prevent him from inviting celebrities and politicians who would participate in his shows and donate their prizes to charities various .	I
Ambassador to Russia between 1916 and 1917 , during the Russian Revolution of 1917 .	O
was He a Wilsonian Democrat .	I
The St. Louis Mining and Stock Exchange was formed in St. Louis in the fall of 1880 with Francis as a founding member .	O
In 1885 , he was elected Mayor of St. Louis , Missouri as a Democrat .	O
In 1896 , was Francis appointed United States Secretary of the Interior by President Grover Cleveland and served until 1897 .	I
Francis was one of the main promoters of the St. Louis World 's Fair of 1904 , serving as President of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition .	O
From the point of view of the memory of the average person who attended the fair , it primarily promoted entertainment , consumer goods and popular culture .	O
He was by decorated the emperors of Germany and Austria and Wilhelmina , the	I
In 1910 , Francis was arrested for non-payment of taxes , but on released bail .	I
President Woodrow Wilson appointed Francis as the last U.S .	O
Ambassador to the Russian Empire 1916 between and 1917 .	I
During his time as ambassador , he was almost appointed as U.S .	O
served He in that post during the Russian Revolution of 1917 .	I
wife His died in San Antonio , Texas on March 21 , 1924 .	I
Francis died in St. Louis , Missouri , on January 15 , 1927 .	O
He was buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery .	O
Francis insisted that the state 's land-grant remain university in a central location , rather than moving to Sedalia , as many state legislators desired .	I
A bronze bust of Francis ' face sits at the south end of Francis Quad the near steps of Jesse Hall .	I
It was turned into a park bears that his name .	I
He was once defeated in battle by Prima , who attacked their Quintesson masters when their match was over , only to be himself destroyed .	I
Two Autobot leaders fell during the war that ensued , and Sentinel Major inherited the Matrix of Leadership and became Sentinel Prime , leader of the Autobots .	O
With the power of his new ability , Sentinel Prime defeated the Decepticons ' leader , and the won Autobots the war .	I
He is in glimpsed issue # 150 of the UK comic , passing the Autobot Matrix of Leadership on to Optimus Prime .	I
It was not made clear in continuity this who or what caused his death .	I
His resembles appearance Rodimus Prime .	I
Sentinel Prime died during the early stages of the civil war on Cybertron , supposedly killed by Megatron in single combat .	O
In this continuity , at the time of his death , Prime Sentinel was not in possession of the Matrix .	I
When Megatron later battled Optimus Prime for the time first , he states that Sentinel tried to talk him out of his evil ways .	I
Megatron 's followers were eventually captured by Sentinel 's and forces Sentinel taunts Megatron before imprisoning him .	I
He is again the Matrix-holder preceding Optimus Prime , and succeeding Nova Prime .	O
He returns in present-day destroy to everything Optimus Prime had built up following the restoration of Cybertron .	I
He is eventually killed by Red Alert .	O
There is a character called Sentinel Major , who might be considered the incarnation of Sentinel Prime in his own continuity .	O
The Strike Team then reported to Magnum and Sentinel Major , who introduced them to the new Elite Guard Special-Ops Team , also called the Combaticons .	O
When Metalhawk 's team arrived at the base Ricochet told them of a Decepticon attack .	O
He received it from Vector Prime the after latter was called to fulfill his destiny .	I
In the ancient days of the universe Aurex 404.11 Kappa , Guardian Major was the faithful right-hand ' bot of Autobot leader Vector Prime .	O
He didn 't believe Prime 's stories about the Allspark being destroyed or their encounters with Decepticons .	O
He did end up attempting to fend off the Dinobots on Dinobot Island when he provoked them .	O
It was shown that he choked up under pressure and fear at the sight of a Decepticon .	O
After following Sentinel Prime it was revealed that it was Lockdown who was the capturing Decpticons and trading them to Sentinel for Autobot upgrades .	I
Sentinel was forced to call for help , specifically for Optimus with a secret Academy code .	O
The Decepticons were defeated and recaptured , though Swindle and Lugnut escaped .	O
So he him drops off back to Earth , salutes to him then departs .	I
his Unlike animated counterparts , he plays more as a villain in the real-live version .	I
Film concept art of Sentinel Prime by artist Josh Nizzi named the character who would become Sentinel Prime as Ultra Magnus .	O
He looks similar to Alpha Trion .	O
Turing Chicago into their base of operations , the Decepticons place the remaining Pillars around the world to teleport Cybertron close to Earth .	O
The Pillars are destroyed before Cybertron can be teleported completely , which apparently destroys the wayward planet in the process .	O
toys All of this character ( except the Kre-O kit ) are officially licensed from Rosenbauer .	I
An archivist named Optimus and the military professional Megatron exposed Sentinel Prime 's ties with the Liege Maximo .	O
Since OPTIMUS PRIME took over , I 've had a lot more time to devote to rest and relaxation .	O
Sure , I take time to knock a DECEPTICON block off now and again , but all these rivers on Earth aren 't gonna fish themselves .	O
Hobbies : Deep-sea fishing with the block and tackle .	O
Most Prized Possession : My indestructible battle hammer !	O
Hangout Favorite : The shore of the nearest lake .	I
He was later captured by Starscream 's Seekers-who had previously served as his bodyguard-and aboard imprisoned Trypticon Station .	I
Despite battling valiantly , Sentinel was defeated by Megatron , who stole from him one of the keys to the Plasma Energy Chamber .	O
Sentinel Prime was then taken to Kaon , where Optimus found him and was acknowledged by the former Prime as Cybertron 's new leader before Sentinel perished .	O
Yet , the comic portrays Sentinel Prime with Zeta Prime 's appearance , in attempt to further enhance the connection between the two .	O
The label 's first record was released at the end of 1991 .	O
The early vinyl copies of U.S .	O
Maple 's first album , which packaged were in metal sheets , and Colossamite 's 1998 untitled EP came packaged with 5-inch frisbees of varying colors .	I
From to 1994 1998 , and in 2002 , SKiN GRAFT curated the OOPS ( ! )	I
The generating series for the formula _ 3 is given by	O
This technique is used when the boiling point of the desired compound is difficult to achieve or will cause the compound to decompose .	O
A reduced pressure decreases the boiling point of compounds .	O
The reduction in boiling point be can calculated using a temperature-pressure nomograph using the Clausius – Clapeyron _ relation .	I
In the laboratory vacuum distillation is used to compounds purify or remove solvent .	I
Compounds with a boiling point lower than 150C can be typically distilled without reduced pressure .	I
For better results or for very air sensitive compounds , either a Perkin triangle distillation set-up or a short-path distillation set-up can be used .	O
When assembling the set-up apparatus , all of the connecting lines are clamped so that they cannot pop off .	O
If needed , the first portion of distillate can be discarded by purging with inert gas and changing out the distillate receiver .	O
The distillate receiver can be stored under vacuum or under inert gas by using the side-arm on the flask distillation .	I
Even less volatile solvents can be removed by rotary evaporation under high vacuum and with heating .	O
All of the glass components should be carefully examined for scratches and cracks which could result in implosions when the vacuum is applied .	O
Wrapping as much of the glassware with as tape is practical helps to prevent dangerous scattering of glass shards in the event of an implosion .	I
For many systems , the products degrade or polymerize at elevated temperatures .	O
Utilizing vacuum distillation can reduce the height and diameter , and thus the capital cost a of distillation column .	I
The 10 to 40 mmHg pressure absolute in a vacuum distillation column increases the volume of vapor formed per volume of liquid distilled .	I
The result is that such columns have very large diameters .	O
This packing material can be either structured sheet metal or randomly dumped packing such as Raschig rings .	O
The absolute pressure of 10 to 40 mmHg in the vacuum column is most often achieved by using multiple stages of steam jet ejectors .	O
Their flagship spirit , Helena , is created using Koji , alongside Pilsner Malt and Belgian Saison Yeast .	O
Molecular distillation is used industrially for purification of oils .	O
He is a Brownlow Medallist and triple premiership player who played for the Brisbane Bears , Brisbane Lions and Western Bulldogs .	O
Akermanis was born in Mildura , Victoria but moved to Brisbane at 9 years of age .	O
Once arriving in Queensland in 1986 , Akermanis immediately signed up to play for the under-10s Mayne side .	I
When he was 13 , Akermanis discovered that he was not the son of his mother 's former partner , John Akermanis .	O
His father was Dezdjek Denis .	I
Akermanis became one of the Brisbane Lions ' most talented players .	O
Akermanis is also known for his goalscoring abilities .	O
He was a winner of the AFL Goal of the Year 2002 award and has an ability to kick goals from acute angles .	O
Early in the 2006 season , Akermanis was dropped from the Brisbane Lions side for Round 7 , playing a with game the Suncoast Lions .	I
On 15 September , Akermanis confirmed that he wanted to join Bulldogs the .	I
He then signed with the Bulldogs for another year , hoping to play in a fourth premiership side .	O
In 2013 , he became captain-coach of the North Albury Football Club in the Ovens & Murray Football League .	O
Off the field , Akermanis was often outspoken very on issues concerning the Australian Football League and other codes .	I
He often appeared as a on panelist The AFL Footy Show .	I
Among the prominent most controversies were :	I
The version UK of Heise Online came in February 2008 .	I
The website archive was taken down and the site redirected to heise.de in January 2014 .	O
It was brought back online a few days later .	O
Tea drinking for accounts a high proportion of aluminum in the human diet .	I
The levels are safe , but there has been some concern that aluminum traces may be associated Alzheimer with 's disease .	I
A 2013 study additionally indicated that some teas lead contained ( mostly Chinese ) and aluminum ( Indian / Sri Lanka blends , China ) .	I
There is still insufficient evidence draw to firm conclusions on this subject .	I
Care in the choice of the location where the plant is grown may reduce the risk .	O
Massive black tea consumption has been linked to kidney failure due to its high oxalate content ( acute nephropathy oxalate ) .	I
A 2013 Cochrane review found some evidence of benefit from tea consumption on cardiovascular disease , though more research is needed .	O
Phi Kappa Theta was established by the merger of two fraternities on April 29 , 1959 : Kappa Phi and Theta Kappa Phi .	I
Although historically Catholic , Phi Kappa Theta is open for membership to men of any religion , and many of its members are not Catholic .	O
A world-class heavyweight boxer , Grant became inadvertently entangled in the criminal underworld and developed a costumed identity to clear his name .	I
He was a retired vigilante who was training Laurel Lance to become one .	O
He was created by France Herron , Fred Ray , Murray Boltinoff , and Dan Spiegle .	O
His choice of pseudonym has no connection to Ted Grant the or ensuing superhero legacy .	I
Subsequently , Ted Grant usually is referred to as the first Wildcat .	I
He remains at the peak human of condition due to his extensive workouts .	I
He also became tangled unknowingly in his manager 's sinister plans .	O
The dose was only intended to slow down Smith , but the duo misjudged the potency .	O
As a result , he became a fugitive .	O
Wildcat had a place as a member of that conglomeration of heroes as well .	O
He soon discovered that his goddaughter had recently become the second Wildcat .	O
After the Crisis , the injuries that Ted had sustained were downgraded from paraplegia to less severe injuries which from he recovered quickly .	I
In addition , is Ted credited with being an expert at combat , though he prefers to trade punches as part of his brawling style .	I
In addition , new details were revealed about Wildcat 's past , one the being existence of two sons .	I
His eldest son Jake was kidnapped by the Yellow Wasp and later murdered by Killer the Wasp .	I
His youngest son Tom was raised exclusively by the boy 's mother without Ted 's knowledge .	O
On both occasions , he was treated on site at Warriors and miraculously recovered his from injuries .	I
In JSA # 36 , this was confirmed .	O
As a result of the prenatal treatments given to her mother , was Yolanda born with retractable claws on her fingers and toes and cat-like agility .	I
He was a boxing protégé of Ted Grant .	O
The operators , Lock-Up and Ernie Chubb , were eventually apprehended by and Ted Batman .	I
Tom 's mother Marilyn had a one-night stand with Ted , and never told of him Tom 's existence .	I
Despite the fact that his father was not involved in his life , Tom not is bitter towards Ted .	I
However , he did tell Ted that he had no intentions of becoming the next Wildcat as he was not a fighter himself .	O
When Ted was attacked Vandal by Savage , Tom changed into his were-panther form and managed to fight against Savage until help arrived .	I
However , Dr. Mid-Nite discovered she that was pregnant and revealed this to his now conscious patient .	I
At this point he is introduced and inducted into the Justice Society .	O
In a team-up with the Justice League , he talks to Vixen and indicates the presence of enhanced senses .	O
He is also surprisingly strong and superbly agile .	O
He is seen working with Batman group 's and with the other offspring of the Justice League .	I
It is not really clear whether or not he dies when the UN unleashes a nuclear attack against the metahumans at the end of comic the .	I
He then has Wildcat take him to the isolated Dr. Mid-Nite so the latter could perform open heart surgery on Superboy .	O
He is shown being confused over his fight against Darkseid and is quickly disintegrated by the villain .	O
Their son Daniel got bored and wandered off .	O
With the help of Perceptor , the Autobots and Daniel are to returned Cybertron .	I
Magnus no was match for the multiple powers of Sixshot 's numerous transformations , and was felled by his seventh , secret mode .	I
As per the original intent of his character and toy , Magnus was presented as the arch-foe of Galvatron .	O
Galvatron , to his own amusement , set about pulverizing the Sparklers , with the intention of further tormenting the temporarily quiescent Ultra Magnus .	O
Groundshaker interrupts , belligerently demanding the Autobot command take action , before he is pulled from room the by Countdown .	I
However , they were all rescued when the Dinobots returned and routed Shockwave 's forces .	O
He reappeared in the third crossover as part of the combined Autobot / G .	O
I Joe force attempting to rescue Optimus Prime , and even held off Trypticon single-handedly at one point .	O
In the fourth crossover , Magnus was left in charge of the forces Autobot on Cybertron when Optimus Prime journeyed to Earth .	I
Whether this is actually Magnus is unclear .	O
However , a shot from Scorponok 's beast mode seemingly killed Scorponok 's already upgraded partner Lord Zarak .	O
This game has been poorly received .	O
For years many this was his only depiction in non-armored mode .	I
His back-mounted jetpack allows periods for of short flight .	I
The Voice Actor Drama was written for OFTCC 2004 by Simon Furman , set after the events in the comics .	O
The Autobot forces teamed up to overcome the Decepticons led by Reptilion .	O
Presumably the Autobots were returned then to their own worlds .	I
But was he confronted by the most unexpected foe of all - Omega Prime .	I
The battle was inconclusive , but Unicron was away driven by Primus himself .	I
The brothers recovered - only to receive Optimus Prime , bearing word of Vector Prime 's death in battle .	O
A God Magnus Leader Class figure was released in 2000 , that transforms from car carrier to robot .	O
Autobot emblems have been placed on the side panels in this version .	O
The Spy Changer of Ultra Magnus was repainted as the Dairycon 2002 exclusive figure Campaign Car .	O
To date it is unknown Ultra if Magnus will appear in any future movies .	I
His head resembles that the of Generation 1 character 's super robot mode .	I
He took on an Earth-vehicle mode .	O
By this time , Sentinel Prime takes over as new the Magnus .	I
The first toy for this version of Ultra Magnus was released 2008 in and transformed from a Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck to robot .	I
He came with a spring-loaded Magnus Hammer and is armed with numerous guns mounted on his shoulders .	O
The figure emits two sound effects and phrases as voiced by Jeff Bennett .	O
He is revealed to be Optimus Prime 's second-in-command , who survived the war for Cybertron .	O
He and Wheeljack stumble upon Shockwave 's Predacon cloning lab , and proceed to battle him , but Shockwave escapes the and Predacons begin to awaken .	I
Predaking is enraged by the loss of his Predacon brethren and tries to kill the two Autobots .	O
He spends the rest of movie the under Ratchet 's medical attention .	I
He is however seen , still on a medical chair , when Optimus sacrifices himself for Cybertron 's restoration with the AllSpark .	O
Unlike the animated series , the Wreckers form around Ultra Magnus , who becomes a leading figure amongst the early Autobots .	O
He is a level boss that must defeated be , which unlocks him as a playable character .	I
He is also available in the Decepticons version of the game .	O
In this universe , he is also Optimus Prime 's younger brother , and formerly one of the chief lieutenants in the Autobot dictatorship .	O
Alongside Optimus Prime , The Red character plays Ultra Magnus as a playable character in Angry Birds Transformers .	I
It flows northwest through the middle of the commune , enters the territory of Ménétréol-sur-Sauldre and flows back southwest in the northwestern part of Presly .	O
A very small farming village situated some southeast of Bourges , at the junction of the D91 with the D951 road .	O
The river Vauvise flows north through the middle of the commune .	O
The Château de Montalivet-Lagrange is here .	O
A tiny farming village situated some northeast of Bourges , near the junction of the D955 with the D154 and D59 roads .	O
It is on the outskirts of Bourges .	O
The A71 autoroute passes through the northern part of the commune .	O
He was educated at Prince Alfred College and the University of Adelaide ( B.A .	O
Hons , 1928 ) he where won Blues in cricket , football and tennis .	I
( C. S. Lewis was his tutor ) .	O
Brian was brother the of Garton Hone .	I
He and his wife Enid had four children : civil engineer Christopher , academic Judith , corporate lawyer Geoffrey , and sportsman and educator David .	O
1933 – 1939 : Taught at Marlborough College , Wiltshire , and was made head of the new department of English .	O
– 1951 1970 : Headmaster , Melbourne Grammar School .	I
He died in Paris on 28 May 1978 .	O
He was a descendant of William Hone , via William 's son the sculptor Alfred Hone .	O
The A20 autoroute passes through the commune ’ s territory .	O
A farming area comprising the village and two hamlets situated some east Bourges of at the junction of the D48 with the D12 and the D26 roads .	I
within Earthquakes the East African rift system occur as the result of both normal faulting and strike-slip faulting .	I
Ten people were killed when a church collapsed in the Rusizi District of Western Province in Rwanda , according to Rwanda radio .	O
The A71 autoroute passes through the eastern side of the commune .	O
Nazargunj was the dominant princely state in the Purnea region , and as a result of geographical proximity , it included in land what is now Bengal .	I
The Raja of Nazargunj , Prithi Chand Lal Chaudhuri , CBE , was born in and 1886 belong to ahir yaduvanshi clan .	I
He was the son of the Zamindar Dharam Chand Lall Chaudhuri ; from whom he took control of the estate in March , 1899 .	O
The Raja was privately educated under the supervision of the Cambridge graduate , Rev .	O
The first Indian member of The Calcutta Rackets Club , he also supported other sports clubs .	O
Other awards won were for flower and dog shows .	O
At that time , Khan was spotted by All India Radio , and was offered a contract .	O
Kumar Chand Vishnu Lall of Nazargunj , Kumar Bhubneswari Chand Lall and also Victor Chand Lall were amongst the named males .	I
Deepak Chand Lall who lives in ( New Jersey ) Meena Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )	O
The commune borders the department of Allier and the A71 autoroute passes through the eastern part of the commune .	O
The commune shares its southern border with that of the department of Allier .	O
The commune is the source of many small rivers .	O
Senneçay is a farming situated village about south of Bourges , at the junction of the D46 and the D34 roads .	I
A very small and farming forestry village situated about south of Bourges , at the junction of the D940 with the D130 road .	I
A very small farming village situated about east of Bourges at the junction of the D72e with the D126 and the N151 roads .	O
Hispanic or Latino any of race were 12.64 % of the population .	I
The English poet , author and biographer Richard Aldington lived in Sury-en-Vaux from 1958 until his death in 1962 .	O
He is buried in the local cemetery .	O
Sury-ès-Bois is a commune in Cher the department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
Chantecoq is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .	O
Sury-près-Léré is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Thaumiers is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
The Auron River forms the western and southern boundaryies of the commune .	O
Thauvenay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val Loire de region of France .	I
The commune is one of 14 permitted to grow grapes for Sancerre AOC wine .	O
The Vauvise flows northwest through the middle of the commune ; the Loire forms part of its northeastern boundary .	O
Thénioux is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region France of .	I
Torteron is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Touchay is a in commune the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated on the banks of the river Arnon , southwest about of Bourges on the D69 road .	I
Trouy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
The A71 autoroute passes through the commune along with the N144 and N142 roads .	O
Uzay-le-Venon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Vailly-sur-Sauldre a is commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
is Vallenay a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
Vasselay is a commune in the Cher in department the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
A farming area comprising the village a and couple of hamlets situated immediately north of Bourges on the D58 road .	I
Veaugues is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
The commune is one of 14 that grow grapes for the production of Sancerre AOC wine .	O
Venesmes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Verdigny is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de region Loire of France .	I
The commune is one of 14 that grow grapes for the production of Sancerre AOC wine .	O
Vereaux is a commune in the Cher in department the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
Vernais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
The Auron River forms part of the commune ’ s northern boundary and the Marmande a small part of its southern boundary .	O
Vesdun is a commune in the department Cher in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
The commune shares its southern border with that of the department of Allier .	O
Vignoux-sous-les-Aix is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
A winegrowing and farming village situated about northeast of Bourges at the junction of the D186 with the D11 and the D56 roads .	O
Villabon is a commune in Cher the department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
The Super Heavyweight class in the 1st AIBA African Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament competition was the lightest class .	O
Super Heavyweights were limited to those boxers weighing than more 91 kilograms .	I
Villecelin is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
A farming area comprising a village and hamlets two situated on the banks of the river Arnon , about southwest of Bourges on the D115 road .	I
Villegenon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire of region France .	I
The commune is bounded by the banks of the small Ionne river to the north and the Sauldre to the east .	O
Villeneuve-sur-Cher is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire of region France .	I
Villequiers is a commune in the Cher department in Centre-Val the de Loire region of France .	I
The Vauvise flows north-northeast through the eastern of part the commune .	I
Vinon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Vorly is commune a in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	I
Vornay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France .	O
Mardié is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .	O
Richard Ketchum ( 1773 – November 10 , 1845 ) was a political figure in New Brunswick .	O
He was born in Long Island , New York , the son of United Empire Loyalists , James Ketchum and Sarah Burr .	O
Following the end of the American Revolutionary War , his family was evacuated to what became the Province of New Brunswick in 1783 .	O
They first settled at Kingston , New Brunswick but later moved to Woodstock .	O
He was defeated by Jedediah Slason in the 1827 but election declared the winner after an appeal .	I
He died in Woodstock at the age of 73 .	O
Albitreccia is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department in the Corsica region of France .	O
Albitreccia is a commune in the Canton of Saint Mary Sicché in South Corsica .	O
The has commune several access points .	I
From the N193 highway inland the D55 road goes south through the commune joining the D302 on the south-western border .	O
From the D55 the D2 links to the village of Albitreccia .	O
The D102 crosses the eastern side of the commune but does not pass through any villages .	O
In the west of the commune the D302 comes south Fica from passing through the hamlet of Bisinao before continuing to Cognocoli-Monticchi .	I
The D255 also links with the D302 from the south .	O
In the access east is via the D55 which follows the length of the coast .	I
List of Successive Mayors Albitreccia of	I
In 2009 the commune had inhabitants 1,529 .	I
The evolution of the number inhabitants of is known through the population censuses conducted in the town since 1793 .	I
The commune has a large number of buildings that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has two religious buildings are that registered as historical monuments :	I
Altagène ( Altaghjè pronounced [ al.ta.ˈɟe ] in Corsican ) is a commune in Corse-du-Sud the department in the Corsica region of France .	I
The D320 also runs north from Sainte-Lucie-de-Tallano through the western part of the commune and continues to as Zoza road D20 .	I
There some are small mountain roads through the commune which is steeply sloped and heavily forested .	I
List of Successive of Mayors Altagène	I
In 2009 the commune had 52 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses conducted the in town since 1793 .	I
The commune has a number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The Church contains many items that are registered as historical objects :	O
Ambiegna is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
Ambiegna is located some 25 km in a direct line north Ajaccio of and 5 km east of Sagone .	I
The D1 road continues north to Le Truggia by a tortuous route .	O
The commune is remote and with rugged dense forests .	I
The north-western border of the commune entirely consists of a large river flowing to the west .	O
In 2009 the commune had 59 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and structures that are as registered historical monuments :	I
The Parish Church of Saint-Côme and Saint-Damien ( 19th century ) registered is as an historical monument .	I
The Church contains many that items are registered as historical objects :	I
Appietto is located 17 km from Ajaccio , and stretches from the Gozzi mount to the coastline of the Gulf of Lava .	O
Marsainvilliers is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .	O
The poet Micheline Dupray was in born Marsainvilliers in 1929 .	I
The of name inhabitants are Marsainvilloises	I
DESMOND meets the criteria NICE identified as being the characteristics of a quality , evidence-based structured education programme .	O
A NHS training course is available for type 1 diabetics called DAFNE ( Dose Adjustment for Normal Eating ) .	O
The DESMOND programme is facilitated by two health care professionals who have been formally trained .	O
Arbellara is located some 6 km east of Propriano and 2 km south of Fozzano .	O
The commune is mostly mountainous and forested .	O
The southern border of the commune is formed by the Rizzanese river which flows west to the Mediterranean Sea south of Propriano .	O
In 2009 commune the had 134 inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the censuses population conducted in the commune since 1793 .	I
The commune many has buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	I
The Parish Church of Saint Sebastian ( 18th century ) is registered as an historical monument .	O
The Church contains items many that are registered as historical objects :	I
Arbori is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
Arbori is located in a direct line some 12 km south of Marignana and 20 km north of Sarrola-Carcopino .	O
The commune is remote , mountainous , and heavily although forested with a small patch of farmland in the centre .	I
In 2009 the commune had 999 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the of number inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	I
is Argiusta-Moriccio a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
The commune is heavily forested and mountainous throughout .	O
The north-western border of the commune is a river flowing to the west .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is from known the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	I
The commune has a number buildings of and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	I
The Parish Church of Saint Hippolyte and Saint Cassien ( 1746 ) is registered as an monument historical .	I
The Church contains many items that are registered as historical objects :	O
Aullène is a village mountain with a pastoral tradition whose territory is in the upper part of a valley parallel to and south of the Taravo valley .	I
The village of Aullène lies in the heart of the Alta Rocca micro-region and strongly is influenced by an old pastoral tradition .	I
It is therefore not surprising to find the same families in the three villages .	O
According to police investigations the fire caused was by work done on an electrical line at Burgu .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
Percentage Distribution of Age Groups in Aullène and Corse-du-Sud Department in 2010	O
The commune has a large number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has two religious buildings that are registered as historical monuments :	O
Azilone-Ampaza is located in the Panicale Valley in the Middle Taravo region some 22 km east by south-east of Ajaccio and 4 km east of Grosseto-Prugna .	O
The D83 road from Santa-Maria-Siché to Zévaco passes through northern the tip of the commune but has no connection to the village .	I
The commune is and rugged heavily forested .	I
2010 In the commune had 142 inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
Azzana is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department on the island Corsica of , France .	I
The D125 goes south-west from the village to Lopigna .	O
The commune is remote and rugged with snow-capped mountains in the north and south and very extensive forests .	O
The Liamone river passes through the centre of the commune south of the village as it flows west to join the sea at Liamone .	O
In 2010 the commune had 49 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a very large number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments .	O
For a complete list with links to descriptions ( in French ) and photographs click here .	O
The commune has several religious buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
Bastelica is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
was It the birthplace of Sampiero Corso .	I
It is also part of Regional the Natural Park of Corsica .	I
The D27A goes east from the village to the mountain heights but has no exit .	O
In 2010 the commune had 543 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a public primary school .	O
The commune has two sites that are registered historical as monuments :	I
The commune eight has 2nd generation ZNIEFF areas :	I
Bastelicaccia is to the east of the centre of Ajaccio and immediately to the east of Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte Airport .	O
It was created in 1865 between the Gravona and Prunelli Rivers .	O
The highest point in commune the is Monte Aragnasco .	I
The commune is hilly with many villages , farms , and some forests .	O
is It produced in the lower valleys of the Gravona and Prunelli .	I
It became populated the from beginning of the 19th century .	I
Bastelicaccia is part of the Canton Ajaccio-5 of .	I
Bastelicaccia evolved has at a rapid pace due to the proximity of the regional capital and its urban sprawl .	I
In 2010 the commune had 3,283 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of number the of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	I
The commune has a very large number of houses that are registered as historical monuments .	O
As well as the houses the commune also has a number of other sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The Church of Saint Michel ( 19th century ) is registered as an historical monument .	O
Bocognano , along with 9 other communes , belongs to the canton of Celavo-Mezzana .	O
Its natural heritage , the purity of its water sources , the quality of its welcome and climate make it a popular summer destination near Ajaccio .	O
Bocognano is a mountain village located in the granite part of the island .	O
The hydrographic network is dense .	O
The river Gravona is fed by many streams which are only appointed on maps .	O
Lower altitudes are covered by forests , mainly composed of oaks and pines , and the wood chestnut located in an area between 600 and 800 meters .	I
Chestnut trees planted along the road north of the village attracts many collectors and gatherers at the time of hatching bugs .	O
Bocognano is distant 38 km from Ajaccio-Napoléon the Bonaparte airport , and 42 km from the commercial port of Ajaccio .	I
The D27 is a road which connects the RN 193 from Bocognano to the RN 196 in Cauro .	O
It is sometimes in closed winter .	I
Bocognano is served by the line of Railways of Corsica .	O
Houses with two or three floors and red roofs present austere facades .	O
Once existed above the hamlet of Busso , the castle of Count Busso .	O
They come from damned souls of the Count who can not find rest .	O
There are many sheepfolds in altitude , although many are no longer for occupied summer pastures .	I
Festimonti is the annual festival of the mountain .	O
The event takes place the on last weekend of September or in October .	I
Since 1982 , Fiera di a Castagna takes place the first weekend of December .	O
In a of structure 3000 m 2 the best food and handicrafts of the island are represented .	I
Sweets and chocolates , pastries , beer and cheeses also are honored .	I
The event is based on a strict code of quality .	O
Note that the Basque Country has returned in 2011 for the third time to discover and rediscover what it has to offer rich soil .	O
It was created in 1986 on the initiative the of village youth .	I
The club now plays in Division of honor and has 180 licensees .	O
club The operates at the municipal stadium located south of the village .	I
The stadium was renovated in 2009 and features a synthetic lawn .	O
The club a has website .	I
He was born in Seguin , Texas and later lived with his mother 's family in Hudson the River Valley and in Manhattan .	I
Selig was tutored in drawing and oil painting from the age of 5 in Texas , and spoke fluent Spanish by age 12 .	O
His formal education the in arts began with painting at the Colorado Academy in Denver , Colorado .	I
Tichenor , a painter in the magic realism school , spiritually adopted Selig and he was Tichenor 's protégé until her death in 1990 .	O
His background as an artist , spiritist and his trompe-l 'oeil painting are used in his work as interior designer .	O
Selig specializes in Sekhem , utilizing an 8,000-year-old pre-dynastic Egyptian Neteru design theurgy with classical and modern design elements in the art interior of design harmonics .	I
Selig paints with an oil medium paint and uses an easel .	I
's Selig artwork can be considered both Surrealist and Magic Realist , but it does not adhere solely to the principles of Surrealism .	I
Cargiaca is just to the east of Peloso Mont ( ) .	I
The Dominican Republic men 's national volleyball team represents Dominican the Republic in international volleyball competitions .	I
In the 1950s the squad twice ended up in fourth place at Pan the American Games ( 1955 and 1959 ) .	I
The dominant forces in men 's volleyball in North and Central America Cuba are and the United States .	I
Coggia ( ) is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the of island Corsica .	I
The village numbers about 50 dwellings , the majority of which are only occupied during the summer .	O
Many artists have lived and still live in the village .	O
The paintings of one of them , Francoise Leca-Parodi are periodically exhibited in the town hall of Cristinacce .	O
finally They quarrelled and two of them killed the third one .	I
In the 16th century , the invasion of the Barbarians again decimated the population .	O
In 1550 , during one of these invasions , the neighbouring village of Évisa was pillaged and 80 men seized taken and away as slaves .	I
One of them , a certain Versini of Cristinacce , miraculously returned to the village after several years exile in .	I
List of the mayors of the village of Cristinacce :	O
Bussière-Badil is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France , part the of Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin .	I
The place is first mentioned in 768 when the Order of Saint Benedict built a priory there .	O
Busserolles is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Breuilh is a commune former in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into the new commune Sanilhac .	O
is Bouzic a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
The river Céou forms part of the commune 's northeastern border , then west flows through its northern part .	I
Although originally of Ancient Greek roots , the term and modern design derive from French politics and practice .	O
The design is used in most European countries ( and hence was adopted by the European Parliament ) and the United States .	O
The United Kingdom , is which the originator of the Westminster system , does not use a hemicycle .	I
Bouteilles-Saint-Sébastien is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
The Lizonne forms the commune 's southwestern border .	O
Bourrou is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Bourniquel is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Bourgnac is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Bourg-des-Maisons is a commune in the Dordogne in department southwestern France .	I
Bouniagues is a commune in Dordogne the department in southwestern France .	I
On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune Boulazac-Isle-Manoire .	O
Bosset is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
is Borrèze a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
Bjørnemyr is a Norwegian village located on the west coast of the municipality of Nesodden .	O
The Bjørnemyr Centre contains a grocery store , a hairdresser and spa , and a doctor 's office .	O
The Sunnaas Hospital lies near Bjørnemyr .	O
Bjørnemyr has elementary an school and a kindergarten situated right next to each other .	I
Bjørnemyr Elementary School has a section for both physically and mentally challenged children .	O
Bonneville-et-Saint-Avit-de-Fumadières is a in commune the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
Levie is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
Boisseuilh is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Boisse a is commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
is Blis-et-Born a former commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into new the commune Bassillac et Auberoche .	I
Marignana is a commune the in Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
The church of St Martin , Besse , dates from the late 11thc .	O
It was part of a Benedictine priory , replaced by Augustines in the 13thc , and was constructed by the old château of Besse .	O
What remains now is the part of the nave closest to the transept , and the West façade with porch the .	I
The walls are pierced with loopholes for the archers and defensive other measures during the Hundred Years ' War .	I
The English were but repulsed by 1454 church and village were in a state of abandon .	I
The church became the parish church in the 14thc .	O
The transept and the choir date from the 15thc .	O
In the following century , the church depended on the canonical chapter of Biron .	O
In 1648 , the church was restored with materials from the old château .	O
The West façade and the porch	O
This is the most remarkable part of church the .	I
The murals in the South transept	O
late These 16thc paintings , discovered in 1961 , were restored without the authorisation of the Department of Historic Monuments .	I
They were probably not done with sufficient attention to the necessary minutiae , and are not all visible .	O
On the South wall , right of the window , the Arrest of Christ in the garden of Gethsemane with the Kiss of Judas .	O
To right the , the dead Christ .	I
It is part of the canton of Grand Sud .	O
It was created in 1864 by dividing Aullène .	O
To the southwest , the commune has an opening to the coast between Point Roccapino to the northwest and the Cala di Furnellu .	O
Murzo is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island Corsica of .	I
Bertric-Burée is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Beleymas is a commune the in Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
Olmeto is a commune in Corse-du-Sud the department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
Cuntorba is an archaeological in site Corsica .	I
It located is in the commune .	I
Beaussac is a former commune in the Dordogne in department Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was into merged the new commune Mareuil en Périgord .	I
On Cassini 's early map of France between 1756 and 1789 , the village is identified as the Beaussat .	O
In 1793 , it is Baussac and in 1801 , it is back to Beaussat .	O
The Lizonne forms the commune 's southern border .	O
The town is southeast located of Angoulême , the largest nearby city .	I
Beauronne is a commune in the Dordogne department southwestern in France .	I
Beauregard-et-Bassac is a commune in Dordogne the department in southwestern France .	I
Beauregard-de-Terrasson is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Osani is commune a in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
Beaupouyet is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	O
Bayac is a commune in the Dordogne department southwestern in France .	I
Petreto-Bicchisano ( ) is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
Settiva is an archaeological site Corsica in .	I
It is in located the commune	I
Bardou is a in commune the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
Baneuil a is commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .	I
Badefols-d 'Ans is a commune in the department Dordogne in southwestern France .	I
La Bachellerie is a commune in the Dordogne department southwestern in France .	I
The French sprinter , journalist and writer Guy Lagorce was born in La Bachellerie in 1937 .	O
Auriac-du-Périgord is a commune in the Dordogne in department Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France .	I
It was designed Ross by & Rowe Architects and Consulting Engineers and built from 1925 to 1928 by Concrete Constructions Ltd .	I
It is also known as The Government Savings Bank of New South Wales , Commonwealth Bank building ( former ) , and CBA Building .	O
It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 17 November 2000 .	O
During a ceremony on 13 March 1922 , three foundation stones for the building were laid by The Hon .	O
James MLA Dooley - Premier of New South Wales , The Hon .	I
J. T. Lang MLA - Treasurer Colonial , and Mr O 'Malley Wood - President of the Bank .	I
At the time of its construction , the building was the most expensive in Australia , having constructed been at a cost of .	I
The restoration programme was undertaken in three stages between 1984 and 1990 :	O
Externally the building displays monumental civic scale in the Beaux-Arts architectural style , and precise symmetrical detailing utilising classical motifs .	O
The great Ionic columns on the Martin Place façade unite the six central floors , with remaining the floors serving as base and frieze .	I
Above the base storey , strongly expressed with red granite facing , the cladding is pink terracotta blocks arranged in small tessellated effect .	O
Terracotta cladding is also used on the Martin Place columns .	O
At the upper levels , ornate terracotta detailing is included on the cornice , entablature and pilaster capitals .	O
It is a magnificent example of Beaux-Arts revivalist architecture , and a visual and technical masterpiece .	O
Extensive conservation works have restored the principal public areas to near original condition internally .	O
The Banking Chamber is detailed in an extravagant neo-Classical style , displaying use substantial of marble , and scagliola on tremendous stylised columns .	I
The banking staff occupy the central space , which marble features , bronze and glass partitions .	I
The lofty ceiling is coffered and treated in a manner decorative , achieved by use of Wunderlich pressed metal panels fixed to the concrete slab .	I
The Grand Hall forms a pedestrian way between Castlereagh and Elizabeth Streets .	O
The Safe Deposit area in basement the level is remarkably intact .	I
spandrels Mosaic above marble walls are framed by the ceiling vaults and depict wreaths and festoons in rich green and red against a neutral setting .	I
The whole is framed by a green and red leaf and berry motif on deep yellow mosaic tiles .	O
The archaeological potential low is .	I
The major changes that had occurred in the building since its construction until 1984 are listed below :	O
It is of also exceptional local and State significance .	I
The cultural significance of 48 Martin Place and its setting will be maintained through its association with the Commonwealth Bank of Australia .	O
The Government Savings Bank was building listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 17 November 2000 having satisfied the following criteria .	I
48 Martin Place is associated with prosperous industries within New South Wales at the time of its construction .	O
The institution operated a wide network of offices and branches throughout and suburban rural New South Wales .	I
The project was instrumental in the expansion of Wunderlich within New South Wales , who effectively established a new Australian industry for the creation of terracotta blocks .	O
The Government Savings Bank was directly associated with critical political and financial events of the Depression period .	O
The Bank was a significant and conspicuous casualty of the conflict between Federal and State governments over economic policies to relieve the Depression .	O
48 Martin Place has been used consistently as a financial centre and public banking facility , and continues to provide evidence of its associations .	I
The building represents the ability of older to buildings maintain original functions at a time of major institutional and technological change in banking .	I
The direct with contact American architecture is significant .	I
48 Martin Place represents the finest work of the architectural significant and engineering firm of H. E. Ross and Rowe .	I
The Martin Place Executive offices on Level 2 were designed for and originally occupied by the Commissioners and the Senior Executive Officers .	O
The physical evidence of the mechanical fire escape , albeit retained in a non-working state , provides major a source of information .	I
The strong rooms located within the columns display a significant degree of technical innovation .	O
48 Martin Place is a well and documented researched building .	I
Considering the thoroughness of the previous conservation work , the building is unlikely to yield additional information .	O
The place possesses uncommon , rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales .	O
The Beaux-Arts style is rare in Australia , with no identifiable distribution pattern evident , and the building exhibits uncommonly rich detailing and unique use of materials .	O
Pianottoli-Caldarello ( ; , also spelled Pianotolli-Caldarello ) is a in commune the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
It is part of the canton of Grand Sud .	O
Pianottoli-Caldarello is to the west of the commune of Figari on the road to Sartène .	O
Originally named Caldarello , it was detached from Zérubia in 1864 then changed its name in 1921 .	O
A small port developing is near Caldarello to the east .	I
Annesse-et-Beaulieu is a commune in the Dordogne department Nouvelle-Aquitaine in in southwestern France .	I
Quasquara is a commune in the department Corse-du-Sud of France on the island of Corsica .	I
Rosazia is a in commune the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	I
Serra-di-Ferro is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
It was produced by Norrie Paramor , with music by Ronald Cass and Stanley Black .	O
The album became the first UK soundtrack to sell more than one million in copies total , combining UK and international sales .	I
Sollacaro is southeast from the prefecture , Ajaccio , north of the subprefecture Sartène and north of Propriano .	O
Sotta is to the northeast of the commune of Figari on the road to Porto-Vecchio ; it was created in 1853 .	O
The village is near the airport at Figari .	O
It been has used as a special stage in the Tour de Corse .	I
Tavaco is a village located on the slopes of the bank right of the Gravona River .	I
The town is served by a station on the Corsican Railways .	O
Zonza is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department France of on the island of Corsica .	I
The village is situated in the Rizzansee river valley on the mountainside opposite Quenza on the D268 road which Bavella connects to Levie .	I
No communication road exists between these two parts of the commune .	O
Taglio Rosso in Sainte-Lucie-de-Porto-Vecchio became isolated from the rest of the area .	O
Mudslides occurred in almost all of the Sartène arrondissement , from Propriano to Porto-Vecchio .	O
A road which subsequently becomes a leads path along the Cavo river to the west .	I
Zoza is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .	O
The Rizzanese River runs through the village which is located 88 km from Ajaccio .	O
He was in born Saint Boniface , Manitoba .	I
He made his National Hockey League ( NHL ) debut in the Montreal Forum against the Boston Bruins .	O
Brisson was selected to numerous WHL All-star Teams during career his .	I
Hellvik is a village the in municipality of Nesodden , Norway .	I
Hellvik lies north of Berger , east of Skoklefall and south of Ursvik .	O
As Nesodden is a peninsula , the estimated time on the road , when heading into Oslo sentrum is about 50 minutes .	O
The village is connected by Hellvikskogveien , Hellvikveien and Hellvikstrand .	O
Ajain is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region central in France .	I
During French the Revolution of 1848 , 16 villagers were killed attempting to seek the release of their friends , imprisoned for tax evasion .	I
Anzême is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
Arfeuille-Châtain is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
An area of lakes , forestry and farming comprising several hamlets situated some northeast of Aubusson at the junction of the D4 and the D27 roads .	O
Arrènes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region central in France .	I
Ars is a in commune the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Augères is a commune in the Creuse department the in Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Auriat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
is It rarely performed and little known .	I
The work was dedicated to Charlotte Emilie Weinlig , the widow of Wagner 's former teacher Christian Theodor Weinlig .	O
The commune is served by local coaches .	O
The following towns are twinned with Auzances :	O
Azat-Châtenet is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The A20 autoroute forms much of the western border of the commune .	O
The river forms Abloux most of the commune 's eastern border .	I
Banize is a in commune the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Basville is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The river Abloux has its source in commune the .	I
Beissat is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
An area of forestry , farming and lakes comprising a small village and two hamlets situated some south of Aubusson on the D18 and the D25 roads .	O
A small river , the Rozeille , flows through the commune .	O
A village farming situated some northeast of Aubusson at the junction of the D9 , D39 , D40a and the D988 roads .	I
The town is on the Way of St. James pilgrimage route .	O
Maydelle is a small unincorporated community in Cherokee County , Texas , United States , located between Palestine and Rusk on U.S. Route 84 .	O
is Bétête a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The Creuse Petite river forms most of the southern and western border of the commune .	I
Blaudeix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Blessac is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Bonnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France .	O
Bord-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Voueize forms part the of commune 's southern border .	I
Bosmoreau-les-Mines is a commune in the Creuse in department the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Bosroger is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The flows Voueize northward through the western part of the commune .	I
Thanks to French engineer , Marcel Deprez , the waterfalls of the river harnessed were to light up the streets , mairie , shops and cafes .	I
Lošinj Airport is an airport 3.2 nautical miles ( 5.9 km ) from Mali Lošinj on the island of Lošinj , Croatia .	O
It is registered domestic for and international traffic .	I
A non-precision instrument approach using an NDB located near the city is published .	O
The runway and are taxiways paved with asphalt .	I
Two taxiways are positioned at 45 ° from the runway .	O
The traffic consists of primarily small aircraft .	I
It was built in 1985 Croatia when was still part of Yugoslavia and it was built as a general aviation airport for the air sports .	I
Le Bourg-d Hem ’ is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The Creuse River flows through the commune , which is dammed near Guémontet , flooding much of the valley .	O
Boussac-Bourg is a commune in the Creuse department in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in central France .	I
The Petite Creuse river forms much of the southern border the of commune .	I
La Brionne is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France central .	I
A farming area comprising the village and several small hamlets situated some west of Guéret at the junction of the D4 , D76 and the roads D914 .	I
A very small forestry and farming village situated just east of Aubusson on the D996 road .	O
The following is the Dominican roster in the 2018 World Championship .	O
Budelière is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Between 1905 and 1955 , the commune a had goldmine at Le Chatelet , which produced 11 tonnes of gold in those years .	I
The commune is by served a TER railway .	I
The river Tardes forms all of the commune 's eastern border , then flows into the Cher , northwest of the village .	O
is Bussière-Dunoise a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Bussière-Nouvelle a is commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Bussière-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
La-Celle-Dunoise is a in commune the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
A castle was built here in the 12th century but It was destroyed in 1500 .	O
La Celle-sous-Gouzon is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming area comprising the village and a few small hamlets situated some of east Guéret on the D40 road .	I
La Cellette is commune a in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The commune , with many streams , woods and lakes , borders the department of Indre .	O
Ceyroux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Chamberaud is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Chambonchard is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Chambon-Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Petite Creuse river forms the northern and eastern borders the of commune .	I
Chambon-sur-Voueize is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Chamborand a is commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The river Tardes northward flows through the eastern part of the commune .	I
The Voueize part forms of the commune 's western border .	I
She was scrapped at Marchwood in 2006 .	O
Champsanglard is commune a in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
La Chapelle-Baloue is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
The commune lies on the pilgrimage known route as St James 's Way .	I
La Chapelle-Saint-Martial is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
La Chapelle-Taillefert is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Châtelard is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The smallest of commune the department ; a farming village situated some east of Aubusson on the D27a road .	I
Châtelus-le-Marcheix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Châtelus-Malvaleix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Le Chauchet is a commune in the Creuse department in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in central France .	I
La Chaussade is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
The has Voueize its source in the commune .	I
Chéniers is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
Clugnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Le Compas is a commune in the Creuse in department the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Cressat is a in commune the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The Creuse River flows past on southwestern the boundary of the commune .	I
He returned to Saprissa in January 2010 and joined Orión in Desamparados May 2011 to finish his career there in July 2011 .	I
With Saprissa , he the became league 's goalscorer of the 2010 Verano season .	I
He had already scored his 100th Costa Rica Primera goal División a year before , when with Ramonense and ended up with 130 goals .	I
Sequeira is married to Mileska Marín and they have two sons , Alejandro and Sebastián .	O
His brother Douglas also Sequeira played for the national team .	I
Croze is a commune in the Creuse in department the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Domeyrot is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets , situated some northeast of Guéret at junction the of the D40 , D13 and the D66 roads .	I
Dontreix is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
Le Donzeil is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France central .	I
Dun-le-Palestel is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming and industrial light village situated some northwest of Guéret at the junction of the D913 , D44 , D5 and the D951 roads .	I
Évaux-les-Bains is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A monastery was built here in the tenth century , but this was in destroyed the seventeenth century .	I
It was the regional capital of the Combraille in the thirteenth century and was besieged during the Hundred Years War by the Routiers .	O
The commune is on the border with the department of Allier and served is by a TER railway link to Montlucon .	I
The river Tardes flows into the Cher in the commune , north of the town .	O
Faux-la-Montagne is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
is Faux-Mazuras a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Coal was mined here for around 100 years until the mid-20th century .	O
Féniers is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Flayat is a in commune the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Fleurat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming village situated some of northwest Guéret at the junction of the D56 , D5 and the N145 roads .	I
Fontanières is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming village and a couple of hamlets situated some northeast of Aubusson , at the junction of the D24 , D25 and the D996 roads .	O
The commune has an eastern with border the department of Allier and is served by a TER railway .	I
La Forêt-du-Temple is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Fransèches is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Fresselines is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A small farming village of lakes , streams and forests situated some west of Guéret at the junction of the D96 and the D22 roads .	O
The Gartempe River forms part the of commune ’ s southern boundary .	I
John Hempleman is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand .	O
Gioux is a commune in Creuse the department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
ULPower Aero Engines is a Belgian company which manufactures engines specifically designed for light aircraft / rotorcraft use .	O
For several years a Belgian group of enthusiastic private individuals financed and developed a new modern technology , light weight engine for aircraft application .	O
They believed they had the technology and knowledge to introduce a more modern alternative to the existing aircraft engines on the market .	O
After proving the engine reliability on the ground and in the air , the project was merged into an official company structure .	O
Series production commenced by the end that of year .	I
Fly Synthesis Storch , Zenair Zodiac CH601 , Just Escapade , Dyn 'Aéro MCR01 , Hannuman X-Air .	O
ULPower produces a range of direct air-cooled drive horizontally-opposed engines with multiport fuel-injection and FADEC .	I
Glénic is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Gartempe River flows through the middle of the commune ’ s territory .	O
Issoudun-Létrieix a is commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The commune is in the valley of the Creuse River .	O
Jalesches is a commune in the Creuse department the in Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Janaillat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Jarnages is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France .	O
A farming village situated some east of Guéret , at the junction of D65 the , D13 and the D990 .	I
The N145 road forms the northern border of the commune .	O
In the 16th century , Jarnages had a certain importance as a Protestant stronghold , but Governor the of the Marane retook it in 1691 .	I
Jouillat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Ladapeyre is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Lafat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France central .	I
A farming area comprising the village and a few small hamlets situated some of northwest Guéret at the junction of the D49 and the D69 roads .	I
The Petite Creuse river flows through the commune , which is also served by a TER railway .	O
Lépaud is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Montluçon - Guéret Airport is entirely within the commune ’ s borders .	O
Lépinas is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Gartempe River flows through the middle of the commune .	O
Leyrat is a commune the in Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The Petite Creuse river flows through the middle of the commune ’ s territory .	O
Linard is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Petite Creuse river forms the southern boundary of the commune ’ s territory .	O
Lioux-les-Monges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region central in France .	I
A farming area comprising a very small village and hamlets several , situated some east of Aubusson , just off the D996 road .	I
Lizières is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The River Gartempe forms much of the southern boundary of the commune ’ s territory .	I
Lourdoueix-Saint-Pierre is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Petite Creuse river forms much of the south-western boundary of the commune ’ s territory , to whilst the north lies the department of Indre .	I
Lupersat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Lussat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The river Voueize , a tributary of the Tardes , flows eastward through the northern part the of commune .	I
The Tardes forms most of the commune 's eastern border .	O
Mainsat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region central in France .	I
Maison-Feyne is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Creuse River forms a small part of the northeast border the of commune .	I
Maisonnisses is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The small river Gartempe flows through middle the of the commune .	I
Malleret is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A small village of farming and forestry situated some southeast of Aubusson , at the junction of the D29 and the D18 roads .	O
Malleret-Boussac is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
Malval is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Mansat-la-Courrière is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming area comprising a small village several and hamlets , situated some east of Aubusson , at the junction of the D27 and the D996 roads .	I
Marsac is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The commune is served by a TER railway .	O
Le Mas-d ’ Artige is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Mautes is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
Mazeirat is a commune in the Creuse in department the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
La Mazière-aux-Bons-Hommes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France central .	I
The commune is to bordered the east by the department of Allier .	I
Méasnes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Mérinchal is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The commune has the department of Puy-de-Dôme on its eastern border and is also the source of the Cher River .	O
A TER railway service connects the commune with Montlucon , at the station in the hamlet of Léstrade .	O
Montaigut-le-Blanc is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated some southwest of Guéret at the junction of the D22 , D52 and the D914 roads .	O
The commune is served by a TER railway station at the nearby hamlet of La Neuville .	O
Montboucher is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The is commune on the border with the departement of Haute-Vienne .	I
Le Monteil-au-Vicomte a is commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Mortroux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France .	O
Mourioux-Vieilleville is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in France central .	I
The commune is served by a TER railway .	O
Captain Hopefar Bendall was captain her for the first five , successful voyages .	I
Dutch East India Company governor of the Cape Simon van der Stel immediately recovered some of it .	O
Moutier-Malcard is a commune in the Creuse in department the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
A farming area comprising the village several and hamlets situated some north of Guéret at the junction of the D46 , D56 and the D990 roads .	I
The Petite Creuse river the forms southern boundary of the commune .	I
Moutier-Rozeille is a commune in the Creuse department in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in central France .	I
The Initialis Science Park is a business incubator and science park located in Mons in the province of Hainaut , Wallonia ( Belgium ) .	O
Naillat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated some northwest of Guéret at the junction of the D5 , D14 and the D44 roads .	O
Néoux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
La Nouaille is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Nouhant is a commune the in Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
The commune borders the department of to Allier the east .	I
Nouzerines is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Nouzerolles is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The Petite Creuse river forms all of the commune ’ s southern border .	O
Nouziers is a commune in the Creuse department in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in central France .	I
Parsac is a former commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France .	O
On 1 January 2016 , it merged was into the new commune Parsac-Rimondeix .	I
Peyrat-la-Nonière is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
Pierrefitte is commune a in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Pionnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
During the French Revolution of 1848 , some villagers were killed attempting to seek the release of their friends , imprisoned for tax evasion .	O
Pontarion is a commune in Creuse the department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Pontcharraud is commune a in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
La Pouge is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
A small village of farming and forestry situated some south of Guéret at the junction of the D941 and the D45 roads .	O
Poussanges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The commune is within the natural park of the ‘ Millevaches ’ ( 1000 lakes , not cows ) .	O
Puy-Malsignat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
An area of farming , lakes and comprising streams the village and a few hamlets some north of Aubusson , between the D9 and the D990 roads .	I
The Voueize forms part of the commune 's eastern border .	O
Reterre is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Rimondeix is a former commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France .	O
A small farming area , comprising the village and two hamlets situated some northeast of Guéret , at the junction of the D9 and the D66 roads .	O
Rougnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Royère-de-Vassivière is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
The commune lies within the regional park of the Millevaches , an area of the 1000 sources , not cows .	O
Sagnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The commune of St Dizier la Tour is in the department of the Creuse , in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France .	O
It is crossed by two Gallo-Roman roads and two large streams , the Goze and the Verreau .	O
The Goze gave its name to the nearby town of Gouzon and the village of Gouzougnat .	O
The stream was originally surrounded by marshland .	O
The Roman road that from comes Limoges via Ahun splits into two to the east of Villemonteix .	I
These two important roads deliberately followed the dry land along the crest of the hills and there must have been spur roads linking them .	O
As La Tour-St-Austrille is the first practical place where it was possible to cross the Goze , it is likely to have been the southerly first link .	I
It was the first act of Boson as Comte de la Marche .	O
In the first half of the 11th century the priory chapel of St Austrille was constructed in stone , probably replacing the original wooden church .	O
The capitals of the pillars of these three buildings evoke the of theme the Last Judgment , temptation , sin and punishment .	I
They were intended to instil a fear of hell in the congregation .	O
The political returned influence to the Berry .	I
The small mottes then lost their role .	O
In 1573 the Lord Prior of la Tour appears to have been a very large landowner .	O
The current holder of the title of prior was Puy Segur , a layman .	O
The was nearest that of St Dizier , which encircled the commune of La Tour .	I
sites Their were tidied and landscaped in 2012 and although on private land are now open to public viewing .	I
The church St of Michel .	I
The lake and watermill originally belonging to the Priory .	O
The remains of the large motte .	O
The former chateau of La Tour .	O
Part of old the Roman road .	I
The Tribunal or seigneurial court .	O
The current mayor is Mme Odile Turpinat who has held office since March 2001 .	O
Cartulaire Saint de Etienne de Limoges :	I
9 Août 958 ou 959 .	O
Les Comtes de Limoges de la maison de Charroux ( Georges Thomas t.23 des mémoires de la SSNHAC 1927 )	O
L ’ ancien diocèse de Limoges des origines au milieu du 11ème siècle ( Michel Aubrun )	O
De La Tour de Bois au Donjon de Pierre & La Tour Village	O
The river Petite Creuse forms part of the 's commune northeastern border .	I
Saint-Étienne-de-Fursac is a former commune in the Creuse department in central France .	O
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into the new commune Fursac .	O
Hellvik is a village in the municipality of Nesodden , Norway .	O
It is situated on the eastern coast of Nesodden facing the Bunnefjorden .	O
Hellvik lies north of Berger , east of Skoklefall and south of Ursvik .	O
As Nesodden is a peninsula , the estimated time by car , heading into Oslo , is about 50 minutes .	O
The village is connected by Hellvikskogveien , Hellvikveien and Hellvikstrand .	O
Geographically , Hellvik is quite steep , making planning construction an architectural challenge .	I
Up to now , Hellvik has remained relatively untouched urbanisation by .	I
The Voueize flows north through the western part of the commune .	O
The Voueize forms part of the commune 's western border .	O
It is a simplified model , useful elementary for instruction and for short-run decisions .	I
At this break-even point , a company will experience no income or loss .	O
This break-even point can be an initial examination that precedes more detailed CVP analysis .	O
One of the main methods of calculating is CVP profit – volume ratio	I
Note that when such a chart is drawn , the linear CVP model is assumed , often implicitly .	O
One can decompose costs total as fixed costs plus variable costs :	I
Subtracting variable costs from both costs and sales yields the simplified diagram and equation for profit and loss .	O
simplifies It analysis of short run trade-offs in operational decisions .	I
Fixed costs are unlikely to stay constant as output increases beyond a certain range of activity .	O
Impractical to assume sales mix remain constant since this depends on the changing demand levels .	O
In real life it is valid within relevant range or period and likely to change .	O
is Agnières-en-Dévoluy a former commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Mountainous , to the west is Rocher Rond .	O
On 1 January 2013 , Agnières-en-Dévoluy , La Cluse , Saint-Disdier , and Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy amalgamated into the new commune of Dévoluy Le .	I
The river Semme flows west through the commune 's southern part .	O
The river Brame flows west through the commune 's northern part .	O
He was a supporter of Emperor Henry IV from 1073 .	O
Liemar was one of many who bishops was irked by Gregory VII 's encroachment of episcopal autonomy .	I
Saint-Merd-la-Breuille is a French commune located in the Creuse department , in the New Aquitaine region .	O
The maximum altitude of 846 metres is located at the extreme southwest , on the edge of the commune of Eygurande , near the place called Travers .	O
The municipal territory is also served by the deparmental roads 18A4 and 79 .	O
Saint-Merd-la-Breuille borders seven other municipalities , three which of are in the department of Corrèze and two in the department of Puy-de-Dôme .	I
In the southwest , its territory less is than 500 metres far from the Corrèze municipality of Lamazière-Haute .	I
Saint Merd is the deformation of Saint Medard de Noyon ( Médardus ) .	O
In the Middle Ages , the Château de Hautefeuille was located on the current territory of the municipality .	O
It is possible to find traces of its existence in 16th century documents .	O
Indeed , land this was sold by Jean de Rochefort to Antoine de la Fayette in 1539 .	I
Jean Motier de la Fayette , killed in the day of Cognac in 1568 , was lord of it , as well as of Nades .	O
She passed to François de la Fayette , who married Magdeleine Pioche de la Vergne , famous in the Republic of Letters , in 1655 .	O
However , in the surrounding villages , stones from its ruins have been reused for the construction of houses .	O
This coat of arms has been taken over as the municipality ’ s coat of arms .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses carried out in the municipality since 1793 .	O
The census is now on based an annual collection of information , successively covering all municipal territories over a five-year period .	I
For the municipality , the first comprehensive census under the new system was carried out in 2008 .	O
It is also the place from which the local cheese takes its name .	O
Furmeyer is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Freissinouse is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department southeastern in France .	I
Freissinières is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Freissinières lies in a valley which is the watershed of the Biaysse , which flows into the Durance between La Roche-de-Rame and Saint-Crépin .	O
From east to west , consists it of an alluvial plain of about 80 hectares , bordered on the south by a forest of conifers .	I
However , vineyards were planted up there to 1200 m .	I
After the hamlet of Ribes , the valley narrows along the course of the Biaysse to the bottom of the valley .	O
The two little of hamlets Viollins and Mensals are situated in rare protected spots .	I
South of the hamlet of Viollins , the beautiful mountain of Val-Haute , is dominated by the Tête de Vautisse ( 3156 m ) .	O
It was released on October 7 , 2007 by record label Tee Pee .	O
The album was recorded as a stripped down four-piece , in departure from the octet , dual drummer formation of previous releases .	O
Note that on the physical there edition are two hidden tracks .	I
The river Semme forms part of the commune 's northeastern border , flows west through the commune , then forms part of the commune 's northwestern border .	O
Fouillouse is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
The river Semme has its source in the commune .	O
The village lies in the middle of the commune , above the right bank the of Abloux , which flows north through the commune .	I
The river Petite Creuse forms all of the commune 's northern border .	O
The river Tardes flows northeast through the commune .	O
Forest-Saint-Julien est une commune des Hautes-Alpes department au sud-est de la France .	O
Saint-Vaury ( ) is a commune in the Creuse department in central France .	O
La Faurie is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Fare-en-Champsaur is a commune in the department of Hautes-Alpes in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur region in southeastern France .	O
The commune is in located the western part of Champsaur on the left bank of the river Drac opposite Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur .	I
It is backed by Mount Mouttet in the foothills the of Dévoluy massif .	I
The bridge was also a crossroads , particularly important when François de Bonne of Lesdiguières , steward of Dauphiné , returned to the town of Saint-Bonnet .	O
Eyguians is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
On 1 2016 January , it was merged into the new commune Garde-Colombe .	I
Sannat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Eygliers is commune a in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Étoile-Saint-Cyrice is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
Espinasses is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
Narragansett Regional High School ( NRHS ) is a US public high school serving students from the towns of Templeton , Massachusetts and Phillipston , Massachusetts .	O
principal The is Mandy H. Vasil .	I
Vasil , previously principal of Millbury Jr . / Sr .	O
The vice principal is John Vancelette .	O
The school is located in Baldwinville , a village that is part of Templeton .	O
The turbine was named after John LeClerc , a middle school technology teacher .	O
Ice hockey ( with co-op Gardner )	I
Éourres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Savennes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Crots a is commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
The territory of the commune belongs to the Écrins National Park .	O
Sermur is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Crévoux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Serre-Bussière-Vieille is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
On 1 January 2018 , was it merged into the new commune of Aubessagne .	I
La Cluse is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2013 , Agnières-en-Dévoluy , La Cluse , Saint-Disdier , and Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy amalgamated into the new of commune Le Dévoluy .	I
Soubrebost is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Chauffayer is a former commune the in Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
On January 1 2018 , it was merged into the new commune of Aubessagne .	I
David Garza Pérez ( born June 22 , 1988 ) is a Mexican racing driver .	O
He has raced in the A1 Grand Prix and Car Champ Atlantic series .	I
In 2006 he signed with EuroInternational to race in Formula USA BMW Junior .	I
He joined the A1 Team Mexico and drove in the A1 Grand Prix series in 2007-08 season .	O
Soumans is a commune in the Creuse department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region in central France .	I
Château-Ville-Vieille is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
The commune is located in the Queyras .	O
The two villages in the commune lie in Guil the valley ; Ville-Vieille on the left bank of the Guil and Château-Queyras on its right bank .	I
La Souterraine is an area of farming and light industry , comprising the town and a few small hamlets .	O
It situated is some west of Guéret , at the junction of the D1 , D912 , D951 and the N145 roads .	I
The sources of the Benaize , a tributary of the Anglin , and the Brame , a tributary of the Gartempe , are both in the commune .	O
is There evidence of pre-Roman occupation here , attested by the discovery of stone age tools and a menhir .	I
In medieval times , a church and fortified walls were built .	O
Samuel Freeze ( 3 May , 1778 – April 4 , 1844 ) was a farmer and political figure in New Brunswick .	I
He represented King 's County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in 1820 , from 1828 to 1830 and from 1835 to 1844 .	O
He died office in in King 's County at the age of 65 .	I
His son Samuel Nelson served as sheriff for King 's County .	O
His daughter married Miriam George Ryan , who served in the provincial assembly and the Canadian House of Commons .	I
Tardes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Tercillat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine in region central France .	I
was It destroyed in the French Revolution .	I
A farming area comprising the village and several hamlets situated some northeast of Guéret , at the junction of the D2 , D88 and the D3a roads .	O
Thauron is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Toulx-Sainte-Croix is a commune the in Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Trois-Fonds is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
Zhang was born in Shanghai in 1935 , the love child of socialite Tan Xueqing and Chen Du , son of General Chen Tiaoyuan .	O
She was adopted by General Chen 's friend , educator and statesman Zhang Shizhao .	O
She started to know him and translate English for him .	O
The commune lies within the natural park of the ‘ Millevaches ’ ( 1000 lakes , not cows ) .	O
Verneiges is a commune the in Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Vidaillat is a commune in Creuse the department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Versat is a commune in the Creuse department the in Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
A farming area comprising a village and several hamlets situated some southwest of Montlucon , at the junction of D14 the , D41 and the D64 roads .	I
Vigeville is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	O
The church , from dating the fifteenth century .	I
In the village the hills of the presence of a Tilleu Suly .	O
La Villetelle is a commune the in Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France .	I
Arcey is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	O
Arcey is located some 3 km south-east of Sainte-Marie-sur-Ouche and 16 km west by south-west of Dijon .	O
The commune is heavily forested with some areas of farmland in the centre near the village .	O
2009 In the commune had 46 inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has one religious building that is registered as an historical monument :	O
is Athée a French commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	I
The west and north-west of the commune are heavily forested with the rest of the commune farmland .	O
Geologically , Athée is on the Bresse Graben in the Saône Plain .	O
Depending on the time and the writer the village has been called :	O
Today Athée is part of the parish of Auxonne , the deanery of Vingeanne-Saône , and the Diocese of Dijon .	O
In 2010 the commune had inhabitants 780 .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The Armançon river flows through the centre of the commune from south to north , eventually joining the Yonne at Migennes .	O
In 2010 the commune had 90 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known the from population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	I
There is a Cemetery Cross ( 15th century ) next to a country church which is registered as a historical monument .	O
The parish Church of Saint-Cassien contains several items which are registered as historical objects :	O
Bagnot is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	O
Bagnot is located some 30 km south of Dijon and 15 km east by north-east of Beaune .	O
The D35E goes south from the village to the D973 .	O
The commune is extensively forested in the south with forests also in north-west the ; the centre of the commune is farmland .	I
In 2010 the commune 129 had inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The has commune several religious buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	I
Baigneux-les-Juifs is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of Central-Eastern France .	O
Baigneux-les-Juifs is located some 25 km east by south-east of Montbard and 10 km south-west of Aignay-le-Duc .	O
The D 954 goes west from the to village Étormay .	I
The D 114 branches off the D 971 at the D 21 intersection and goes east to Orret .	O
The commune is entirely farmland .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has many buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has many religious buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
Balot is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France .	O
The D118 goes north from village the to join the D965 south-east of Marcenay .	I
The D118J goes north-east from the village to Cérilly .	O
There is some forest in the north-east of the commune but it is mostly farmland .	O
In 2010 the commune had 89 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has several religious buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The Parish Church contains many items that are registered as objects historical :	I
Barbirey-sur-Ouche a is commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	I
Barbirey-sur-Ouche is located some 25 km south-west of Dijon and 11 east km of Créancey .	I
D114 The goes west from the village then north-west to Grenant-lès-Sombernon .	I
The commune is heavily forested on the hillsides to the north and south with farmland in the valley .	O
The Ouche river passes through the commune just east of the village flowing from south to north to eventually join the Saône just of east Saint-Jean-de-Losne .	I
In 2010 the commune had 266 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has several religious buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
Bard-le-Régulier is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	O
The D15E goes north-east from the village to Vianges .	O
The D115 goes south-west from the village to join the D233 south-west of the commune after changing to the D247 at the departmental border .	O
The is commune quite heavily forested but with large areas of farmland .	I
In 2010 the commune had 70 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The Qualitis Science Park is a business incubator and science park of 250,000 square metres located in Enghien , Wallonia , ( Belgium ) .	O
The science park was founded in 1996 with a focus on ICT and life sciences .	O
Bard-lès-Époisses is a French commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	O
Bard-lès-Époisses is located some 14 km south-west of Montbard 5 and km north-east of Époisses .	I
Apart from some forest in the north the commune is entirely almost farmland .	I
The Town Hall fief was given to Charles Lanneau de Marey , Knight of Saint Louis .	O
Among the families older there are the Drouhin .	I
P. Drouhin was Châtelain of Vieux-Château in 1409 .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses in conducted the commune since 1793 .	I
Barges is located some 12 km due of south Dijon .	I
Apart from a significant-sized urban area around the village the commune is entirely farmland .	O
In 2010 the commune 461 had inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The inhabitants of the commune known are as .	I
It is some km 40 south-west of Langres and 40 km north by north-west of Dijon .	I
The D19E goes north from the village to join the D190 the on northern border of the commune .	I
The commune is forested in the southern arm with the centre of the commune and farmland a band of forest around its borders .	I
In 2010 the commune 41 had inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The Church contains several items that are registered as objects historical :	I
Baubigny is located some 12 km south-west Beaune of and 8 km north-east of Chagny .	I
The D906 passes along the western border and the north of commune the as it goes from Saint-Aubin to Ivry-en-Montagne .	I
The D171 goes north from village the to join the D17 just north-east of the commune .	I
The commune is almost farmland all with a few patches of forest .	I
In 2010 the commune 222 had inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The commune has many religious buildings and sites that are as registered historical monuments :	I
The Church and chapels contain a large number of items that are registered as historical objects .	O
To see a complete list with links to descriptions ( French in ) and a few photos click here .	I
Baulme-la-Roche is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France .	O
Baulme-la-Roche is located some 17 km west by north-west of Dijon and 8 km north-east of Sombernon .	O
The Paris – Marseille railway passes through the commune and the entrance to the Blaisy-Bas Tunnel is in the commune .	O
The nearest station is at Malain south of the commune .	O
In 2010 commune the had 113 inhabitants .	I
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
The commune has a number of buildings and sites that are registered as monuments historical :	I
The commune has several religious buildings and sites that are registered as historical monuments :	O
The Church contains a large number of items that are registered as historical objects .	O
The Vingeanne river runs the through commune .	I
Châteauneuf-d 'Oze is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Châteauneuf-de-Chabre is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune Val Buëch-Méouge .	O
La Chapelle-en-Valgaudémar is a commune in the department Hautes-Alpes in southeastern France .	I
was It number one in the US Hot Dance Club Play chart that year .	I
The following week it climbed to number 85 before descending one final time to number 97 before it bowed out .	O
It remained in the top 100 for 6 weeks before it was re-released yet again on 28 May 1994 .	O
This time he had a little more success as which ' Read My Lips ' at peaked number 29 .	I
It spent 5 weeks in the top 100 .	O
Alex Party was then scrapped and their focus was back Livin on ' Joy .	I
That then was , this is now .	I
( ... ) True Dance music for Crossover radio no is easy trick ; Livin ' Joy has a story being told in the clubs .	I
A cover version of the song by Arctic Monkeys drummer Matt Helders was released on his in 2008 .	O
Chanousse is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Champoléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Chabottes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Chabestan is a commune in the department Hautes-Alpes in southeastern France .	I
Ceillac is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
Buissard is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Bruis is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Bréziers is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Bénévent-et-Charbillac is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Beaume is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Bâtie-Montsaléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes in department southeastern France .	I
is It notable for being the location of the Battle of Mons Seleucus in 353 , when Constantius II defeated the usurper Magnentius .	I
Barret-sur-Méouge is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
It is located at the start the of ' Gorges de la Méouge ' on the Méouge river .	I
Barcillonnette is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Baratier is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes in department southeastern France .	I
Aspres-sur-Buëch is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Aspres-lès-Corps a is commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
She was born in Colombia and graduated from law school at University of Andes the before moving to New York City to do a M.S .	I
from Graduate the School of Journalism at Columbia University .	I
She was one of the first journalists to reveal the links between several Colombian politicians and paramilitary groups .	O
It was released by the University of Mexico New Press in English .	I
In 2016 , she won the prestigious García Márquez Award for best coverage for here series of stories on the peace negotiation with Farc en Habana .	O
And received the Prince Claus Award for La Silla Vacía .	O
Arvieux is a commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d 'Azur region south-eastern of France .	I
The commune is a high alpine commune with snow-covered mountains and rugged terrain .	O
The commune also has several hamlets consisting of alpine chalets .	O
The important most are those of Furfande and Clapeyto .	I
The ancient history of is Arvieux not well known .	I
say Some that on this occasion Queyras was deserted but an eventual abandonment that left no trace remains unlikely .	I
The of Dauphins Vienne received the Briançonnais and therefore the Queyras in fief in 1050 .	I
Arvieux was then part of the Kingdom of Dauphiné .	O
The Escarton of Queyras an was administrative unit responsible for collecting taxes .	I
There were a total of five Escartons .	O
also They had the right to hunt .	I
Justice however remained a privilege of the Dauphin and the inhabitants of the escartons had to participate in the defence of the Dauphiné .	O
Under the ancien regime Arvieux was thus a wealthy relatively town in the French Alps .	I
town The was burned in 1638 .	I
Queyrassins adhered in large numbers to the Reformation .	O
After the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes many people emigrated .	O
Militiamen from Vaud crossed the border times several and burned villages .	I
Around 1700 Arvieux and Queyras generally was weakened the but region regained its prosperity before the Revolution .	I
The Revolution abolished the status of Escartons and the university Arvieux of became a commune .	I
The Edict of Tolerance ( 1787 ) and the Revolution agreed to new freedoms of worship for Protestants .	O
Nevertheless , to maintain perspective , Arvieux preserved its population more than other any in Queyras .	I
By relative the weakness of emigration and by maintaining agro-pastoral activity for a relatively long time , Arvieux was a somewhat atypical commune in Queyras .	I
The use of French among the inhabitants is relatively recent in Arvieux as they spoke dialect a in the early 20th century .	I
Literacy , however , was relatively due advanced to the Protestant culture of part of the population .	I
The opening of the Col d 'Izoard in 1934 made the commune one of the highlights of the Tour de France .	O
The pass is closed in winter .	O
In 1977 the Regional Park Natural of Queyras was established with Arvieux being one of the communes it covers .	I
Life in Arvieux was different for historians because of a unique organization .	O
Arvieux society was historically divided two into castes :	I
Its origin is uncertain but did it not prevent solidarity among villagers .	I
In first Arvieux place was reserved for widows and orphans .	I
( Not all data is known )	O
In 2012 the commune had 371 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known from the population censuses conducted in the commune since 1793 .	O
Summer is the season hiking for .	I
The commune has many buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	O
In addition the commune has a very large number of Farmhouses that are registered as historical monuments .	O
For a complete list with links to descriptions ( French in ) and photos click here .	I
commune The has many religious buildings and structures that are registered as historical monuments :	I
Antonaves is a former of commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune Val Buëch-Méouge .	O
Aiguilles is a of commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
The village lies in the middle of the commune , on the right bank of the Guil , which flows southwest through the commune .	O
Proto-Austronesian The language ( PAN ) is the reconstructed ancestor of the Austronesian languages , one of the world 's major language families .	I
Lower-level reconstructions have also been made , and include Proto-Malayo-Polynesian , Proto-Oceanic , and Proto-Polynesian .	O
Proto-Austronesian is reconstructed by constructing sets of correspondences among consonants in the various Austronesian languages , according to the comparative method .	O
A total of 25 Proto-Austronesian consonants , vowels 4 , and 4 diphthongs were reconstructed .	I
However , Blust acknowledges that some of the reconstructed are consonants still controversial and debated .	I
The symbols below are frequently used in reconstructed Proto-Austronesian words .	O
following The table shows how Wolff 's Proto-Austronesian phonemic system differs from Blust 's system .	I
The following discussion is on based Ross ( 1992 ) .	I
Dyen ( 1963 ) , including data from the Formosan languages , expanded Dempwolff 's set of coronal consonants :	O
Tsuchida ( 1976 ) , building on Dyen system 's :	I
Blust based his system on a combination of Dyen , Tsuchida and Dahl , and attempted to reduce the total number of phonemes .	O
Three mergers were observed in the Proto-Austronesian to Proto-Malayo-Polynesian transition , while nine were observed for the Proto-Oceanic to Proto-Polynesian transition .	O
This is a sharp reduction from the 25 consonants of the Proto-Austronesian language that was originally spoken in Taiwan or possibly South China .	O
However , to according Wolff ( 2010 : 241 ) , Proto-Malayo-Polynesian 's development from Proto-Austronesian only included the following three sound changes .	I
Proto-Oceanic merged even more phonemes .	O
This is why modern-day Polynesian languages have some of the most restricted consonant inventories in the world .	O
Unusual sound changes that occurred within the language Austronesian family are :	I
This is because SOV word order is very common in the non-Austronesian Papuan languages .	O
Below is a table of John 's Wolff Proto-Austronesian voice system from Blust ( 2009 : 433 ) .	I
Currently , the most reconstruction complete of the Proto-Austronesian case marker system is offered by Malcolm Ross .	I
This is because the morphology of the verbs often affects how the of rest the sentence would be constructed ( i.e. , syntax ) .	I
Below are some Proto-Austronesian affixes ( prefixes including , infixes , and suffixes ) reconstructed by Robert Blust .	I
This system is especially elaborate in the Thao language of Taiwan .	O
CV ( consonant + vowel ) reduplication is very common among the Austronesian languages .	O
CV-reduplication was also used to nominalize verbs in Proto-Austronesian .	O
The Proto-Austronesian and Proto-Malayo-Polynesian personal pronouns below were reconstructed by Robert Blust .	O
Proto-Malayo-Polynesian also has several words house for :	I
Below are colors in reconstructed Proto-Austronesian , Proto-Malayo-Polynesian , Proto-Oceanic , and Proto-Polynesian .	O
The first three have been reconstructed by Robert Blust , while the Proto-Polynesian words given below were reconstructed by Andrew Pawley .	O
displays Proto-Polynesian many innovations not found in the other proto-languages .	I
Proto-Austronesians The used two types of directions , which are the land-sea axis and the monsoon axis .	I
For the land-sea axis , upstream / uphill and inland , as well as downstream / downhill and seaward , are synonym pairs .	O
This has been proposed as evidence that Proto-Austronesians used to live on a mainland , the since sea would be visible from all angles on small islands .	I
This is because the Ilocano homeland the is west coast of northern Luzon , while the Puyuma homeland is located on the eastern coast of southern Taiwan .	I
Below are reconstructed Proto-Austronesian , Proto-Malayo-Polynesian , Proto-Oceanic , and Proto-Polynesian numbers from the Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database .	O
Cardinal numerals for counting humans are derived from the numerals non-human through Ca-reduplication .	I
many In Philippine languages such as Tagalog , the two numeral systems are merged ( Blust 2009 : 280-281 ) .	I
Proto-Austronesian also used * Sika- to derive numerals ordinal ( Blust 2009 : 281 ) .	I
Below are reconstructed Proto-Austronesian , Proto-Malayo-Polynesian , Proto-Oceanic , and Proto-Polynesian verbs from the Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database .	O
The following are monosyllabic Proto-Austronesian roots reconstructed by John Wolff ( Wolff 1999 ) .	O
Forms which can be reconstructed as monosyllables with a great deal of certainty	O
Reconstructed doubled monosyllables phonologically but which cannot be proven to be roots monosyllabic	I
The Vingeanne river runs through the commune .	O
Arthur J. Berglund ( born September 4 , 1940 in Fort Frances , Ontario ) was an American ice hockey coach and executive .	O
He won the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1992 , and was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame in 2008 .	O
He became the manager of the United States National Team from 1973 to 1975 .	O
In 1976 , he was the general manager of the U.S. Olympic ice hockey team .	O
He became general manager of the team again in 1988 .	O
He was the general manager of the U.S. Men 's National Team from 1985 to 1991 .	O
He was named senior director of international administration for USA in Hockey 1996 .	I
Berglund was mostly retired from the hockey scene by 2005 , but he still serves as a consultant for USA Hockey .	O
He at studied the Bogota Conservatory and then at the Peabody Institute in Maryland .	I
Afterward he studied in Europe Boris with Blacher .	I
He is survived by wife his , pianist and composer Amparo Ángel .	I
He has been recorded by ensembles Colombian .	I
The history of Bligny ancient is .	I
Its church is an interesting monument to visit ( constructed within an old medieval castle ) and is dedicated to Saint Germain l 'Auxerrois .	O
The history of Bligny-sur-Ouche written was in the early 20th century ( well-written and complete book ) .	I
A few monographs were also published and even a detective story was published recently embarrassing all the various historical and geographical elements of Bligny .	O
All the references are published on the French version of the article Wikipedia .	O
Névache ( ; ) is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
It is situated in the Vallée la de Clarée .	I
Other than tourism the main is industry cattle farming .	I
Neffes is commune a in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Moydans is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Motte-en-Champsaur is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department southeastern in France .	I
Boux-sous-Salmaise a is commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
Montgardin is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
The 8 children and the adults stayed together at Mzinga Lodge	O
If two people win the necklace then they both have the special experience .	O
Kelly and Deidring Bill Street ( both from Tampa ) .	I
Bill is the Director of Education at Gardens Busch .	I
Montbrand is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
Le Monêtier-les-Bains is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Le Monêtier-les-Bains is the highest village of the French ski resort of Serre Chevalier 1,500m at .	I
It is situated in the Valley Guisane .	I
The village is the on periphery of the Ecrins National Park .	I
The village lies on the Col du Lautaret and is regularly used in the Tour de France .	O
It has featured recently in the tours of 1996 , 1999 , 2000 , 2003 , 2005 , 2007 and 2008 .	O
Monêtier-Allemont is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Molines-en-Queyras is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
Méreuil is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes in department southeastern France .	I
Manteyer is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Lettret is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Lardier-et-Valença is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
When the next meeting took place in the Schützenhaus on 15 July 1879 , sixty-two clubs had become member of the chess federation .	O
Hofrat Rudolf von Gottschall became and Chairman Hermann Zwanziger the General Secretary .	I
Twelve players participated in the master of tournament Leipzig 1879 .	I
Lagrand is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune Garde-Colombe .	O
Laragne-Montéglin is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Jarjayes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Bretigny is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or in department eastern France .	I
La Haute-Beaume is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
Since 2013 it is part of the commune Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur .	O
The village also high lies within the alps of France .	I
Le Glaizil is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
It is famous for hosting the ruins of the castle of the Duke of Lesdiguières , Constable of France in the 17th Century .	O
The Ource forms part of the commune 's western border , flows then north-northeast through the northern part of the commune , where it crosses the village .	I
The Final Round was held in Rio de Janeiro ( Main ) and Belo Horizonte ( Sub ) , Brazil .	O
Jean-Andoche Junot , a general under Napoleon was born the in village .	I
The Château de Bussy-Rabutin , home of the 17th-century courtier and writer Roger de Rabutin , Comte de Bussy , is located within the commune .	O
The painter American Douglas Gorsline ( 1913-1985 ) lived in the village for twenty years .	I
This is a list of railway stations in Essex , a county in the East of England .	O
It includes all railway stations that are part of the National Rail network , and which currently have train timetabled services .	I
The Central line of the London Underground and Heritage railway stations within Essex are not listed .	O
The figures are based ticket on sales , and are given to the nearest 100 .	I
The Vingeanne river runs through the commune .	O
The massive vessel , which was completed in 1961 , built was to operate in extreme arctic conditions .	I
The ship is now used for tourist cruises .	O
The price of vessel the was 19 pennies per kilogram i.e .	I
1 million Finnish Mark ( about 167 000 € ) .	O
Villar-Loubière is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Villar-d 'Arêne is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern , between Grenoble and Briançon .	I
It is in the French Alps , in Massif des Écrins .	O
Veynes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
It developed largely as a minor rail hub , the at crossing of two lines .	I
Ventavon a is commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Valserres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Vallouise is a former commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into the new commune Vallouise-Pelvoux .	O
was He the founder of the Music Institute at the University of Veracruz , which was established in 1975 .	I
In 1992 he was awarded the National Prize Arts for and Sciences of Mexico .	I
It is rarely seen as it lives in deep very water from 2,300-4,950 feet ( 700-1,500 meters ) and likes to burrow into the mud .	I
Their body is grey with a contrasting head white .	I
Val-des-Prés is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
It is in situated the Clarée Valley .	I
Upaix is a commune the in Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
or Topinabee Topenebee may refer to :	I
is Trescléoux a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Théus is a commune the in Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Savournon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Le Sauze-du-Lac is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Saulce a is commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
La Salle-les-Alpes is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
Salérans a is commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Saléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Le Saix is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-Pierre-d 'Argençon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Clénay is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or in department eastern France .	I
Saint-Pierre-Avez is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-Michel-de-Chaillol is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
is Saint-Maurice-en-Valgodemard a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
He was in born Cuenca .	I
His younger brother Martin was also a footballer .	O
Saint-Martin-de-Queyrières is commune a in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Saint-Laurent-du-Cros is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-Julien-en-Champsaur is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
In 1935 , Vivian and her mother , Maria , were living in Saint-Julien-en-Champsaur and prior 1940 to returned to New York City .	I
Saint-Genis is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2016 , was it merged into the new commune Garde-Colombe .	I
Parliamentary elections were held in North Korea on 2 November 1986 .	O
Under the 1972 Constitution , number the of seats in the Assembly was 655 .	I
This was to increased 687 following the 1986 election .	I
Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2018 , it was merged into the new commune of Aubessagne .	O
Saint-Étienne-le-Laus is commune a in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Two items that are unique to Notre Dame du Laus worth are mentioning in more detail .	I
first The is the oil from the sanctuary lamp .	I
Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-Disdier is a former in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
On 1 January 2013 , Agnières-en-Dévoluy , La Cluse , Saint-Disdier , and Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy amalgamated into the new commune of Le Dévoluy .	O
Mass Castle in Corcelles-les-Arts is fifteenth century castle built in southeast Burgundy region of France .	O
The commune is located 18 km south of Dijon .	O
Hitchcock was born in Fort Wayne , Indiana and received an undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan in 1927 .	O
Corgengoux is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
is Cormot-le-Grand a former commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into the new commune Cormot-Vauchignon .	O
Saint-Clément-sur-Durance is a commune in the department Hautes-Alpes in southeastern France .	I
Saint-Chaffrey is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
In January 2013 it merged with the former communes of Bénévent-et-Charbillac and Les Infournas .	O
It is 15 km from Gap over the Col Bayard and 90 km from Grenoble .	O
The commune forms a triangle of which the base is the Drac and the apex is Queyrel Peak .	O
In 1935 , Vivian and her mother , Maria , were living in Saint-Julien-en-Champsaur and prior to 1940 returned to New York City .	O
His first one-man shows were held at the Robert Fraser Gallery in 1968 and at the Hanover Gallery in 1969 .	O
A retrospective exhibition was hosted by Sheffield City Art and Galleries toured the art galleries of Stoke , Eastbourne and Cheltenham in 1981-1982 .	I
In 1983 the Imperial War Museum showed the series of ' War Heads ' , which they had acquired during the 1980s .	O
In 1987 , Barker 's portraits were shown at the National Portrait Gallery , London .	O
In 2002 a catalogue raisonne of work the dating 1958-2000 was published by Skira ..	I
He has two sons , Tad and Ras , from his marriage to artist Rose Bruen .	O
Saint-Auban-d 'Oze is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Saint-André-d 'Embrun is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Surrounded by the towns of Chateauroux-les-Alpes , Embrun and Crévoux , Saint-André-d 'Embrun is located 36 km northeast of Gap , the largest city nearby .	O
Rosans is commune a in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
La Roche-des-Arnauds ( ) is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Roche-de-Rame is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Ristolas is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
He lost his title in an upset against Kiko Martinez on August 17 , 2013 by TKO .	O
Ribiers is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
On 1 January 2016 , it was merged into the new commune Val Buëch-Méouge .	O
Ribeyret is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
Réotier is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Martin Klinger ( born 9 July 1980 ) is an Ecuadorian retired footballer who played as a defender .	O
He spent two seasons in Major League Soccer the with MetroStars .	I
Remollon is a commune in Hautes-Alpes the department in southeastern France .	I
Réallon a is commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Ponshewaing is an unincorporated community and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Emmet County , Michigan , United States .	O
of As the 2010 census it had a population of 69 .	I
Ponshewaing is located in southeastern Emmet County , in Littlefield Township , on the north shore of Crooked Lake .	O
It is to bordered the west by Oden .	I
U.S. Route 31 passes through the community , leading southwest to Petoskey , the county seat , and northeast to Alanson .	O
Rabou is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Puy-Sanières is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Puy-Saint-Vincent is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Puy-Saint-Pierre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
is Puy-Saint-Eusèbe a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Like his master , Haribhadra is retrospectively considered by Tibetan doxographical tradition to represent the Yogācāra-Svatantrika-Mādhyamaka school .	O
Haribhadra 's position was in turn challenged by Ratnākaraśānti and Abhayakaragupta .	O
However , various prototypes had already been domestically established before the Second World War attempting to obliterate Han character usage in Japan .	I
There are examples of their dating adoption from the end of the Taishō period in both Japan proper as well as its colonies under the Japanese Empire .	I
Puy-Saint-André is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Le Poët is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
La Piarre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
He studied under Georgi Conus at the Moscow Conservatory .	O
He was the father of the better-known composer Andrei Eshpai , and the grandfather of the filmmaker Andrei Andreyevich Eshpai .	O
However , AMRAD soon faced severe financial problems that curtailed the 's station operations .	I
In early 1925 the call letters briefly changed to WARC , but within a few weeks the station suspended operations when the parent company filed for bankruptcy .	O
He continued to teach while attending college , and also worked as a shipboard operator during the summers , in order to his fund education .	I
While at Tufts he helped form the Tufts College Wireless Society , serving as its president .	O
The club built a high-powered spark amateur radio station with the call sign 1JJ , which was located at Paige Hall .	O
During the first two decades of radio development , transmissions were primarily made by spark-gap transmitters , which were only capable of sending Morse code dots-and-dashes .	O
AMRAD began operating an station experimental , 1XE , in 1917 .	I
1XE was revived after the conclusion of the war , and the station reportedly began experimental voice and music broadcasts in 1919 .	O
AMRAD 's business initially was oriented toward government contracts and the small amateur radio market .	I
As part of this trend , the amount of programming broadcast over 1XE was expanded , in part to generate interest in receivers sold by AMRAD .	O
Music was also included with these broadcasts .	O
This led to significant financial losses when it tried to sell large quantities of out-of-date equipment .	O
J. P. Morgan , reportedly Jr. invested , fruitlessly , $ 800,000 in the company .	I
Although there would be occasional statements that WARC 's broadcasts would be restarted , the station appears to have permanently gone off the air at this time .	O
Entraigues is the name or part of the name of several communes in France :	O
Pelleautier is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
As of the 2010 census it had a population of 363 .	O
Oden is located in southeastern Emmet County , in Littlefield Township , on the north shore of Crooked Lake .	O
Oze is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
It is chiefly known for its ski resort : 38 alpine skiing runs , of runs .	O
Orpierre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	O
Orcières is a in commune the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France .	I
Nossage-et-Bénévent is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France southeastern .	I
He played for FC Hradec Králové in the Czech First League as well as the in second tier of Polish football .	I
The striker was given a six month deal by Thistle manager Ian McCall following a 3 week trial .	O
He previously played for FC Slovaj Trebisov before joining Thistle .	O
was He released by Thistle in May 2008 .	I
The Eppley Hotel Company was located in Omaha , Nebraska .	O
The Hotel West was razed in 1953 .	I
Sioux City 's Warrior Hotel was built in 1930 .	O
Omaha 's Hotel Fontenelle was built 1914 in .	I
The hotel chain 's sale was , at the time , the second largest hotel sale in United States history .	O
Asja Lācis ( , ; ; October 19 , 1891 – November 21 , 1979 ) was a Latvian actress and theatre director .	O
A Bolshevik , in the twenties she became famous for her proletarian theatre troupes for children agitprop and in Soviet Russia and Latvia .	I
1950 - 57 she was the main director of Valmiera Drama Theatre and used the leftist avantgarde technics in her stage productions .	O
Her daughter Dagmāra Ķimele depicted Asja in memoirs her in 1996 as a selfish and unloving mother .	I
Finger planes are used for final trimming work after glue-up , particularly around curved edges and to level inlays across curved instrument tops .	O
To add mass to such a small plane , they are commonly cast in a dense brass or bronze alloy .	O
Paul Watkins may to refer :	I
Throughout the first half of 2008 , until the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics , China Now coordinated over 1300 events , performances and activities .	O
As a non-profit organisation , China Now aimed to build partnerships between artists , cultural leaders , schools , businesses and communities across the UK and China .	O
China Now was conceived by the business community and was chaired Stephen by Green , Group Chairman of HSBC Holdings plc .	I
It is subsidiary a of FirstGroup .	I
In 1875 White George formed the Bristol Tramways Company and began a horse-drawn service from Upper Mauldlin Street to Blackboy Hill .	I
In 1887 the Bristol Tramways Company merged with the Bristol Cab Company to form the Bristol Tramways & Carriage Company , later the Bristol Omnibus Company .	O
In 1929 the White family sold out to the Great Western Railway who by 1932 had sold it to the Western National .	O
In September 1987 , City Line ( formerly Citybus ) was sold to Midland Red West in which April 1988 was purchased by Badgerline .	I
After Badgerline merged with GRT Group to form FirstBus in April 1995 .	O
In 1996 Badgerline was merged back into City Line , the Line City operation was rebranded as First Bristol .	I
Southern National was formed in 1983 as the Somerset and Dorset operations of Western National ( then part of the National Bus Company ) .	O
It was privatised 1988 in , acquired by FirstGroup in 1999 and rebranded as First Southern National .	I
First Somerset & Avon is still printed on some tickets , while other tickets are printed with First Bristol & Avon or just First Bristol .	O
The business instead now sports a two-tone green and cream livery with bespoke branding , website and social media profiles .	O
First West of England operate the majority of services in Bristol and an extensive network of services in and around Bath , Trowbridge , Wells and Weston-super-Mare .	O
singing Their career began in the early 1920s and lasted through the late 1950s , on the stage , on radio , and then on television .	I
At Commerce , they on were the track team together , and they became friends .	I
One day , at the offices of a music publisher , Zides ran into Currier , who would later piano play for Hum and Strum .	I
They decided to form a vocal duo , which became known as Hum and Strum .	O
In one of their vaudeville early performances , they shared the bill with George Burns and Gracie Allen .	I
In the late 1920s , and Hum Strum were being heard on stations outside of Boston , including performances on the NBC Blue Network .	I
Beginning in early July 1929 , they performed in Cleveland on station WHK as the Oxiton Joy Boys , sponsored by a company that made mouthwash .	O
During 1933-34 , Hum and Strum returned to Cleveland , where they had become very popular when they performed on the air in 1929 .	O
This time , they mostly sang over station WTAM .	O
The tour took them to military in bases Italy and North Africa .	I
In 1955 , more than three decades since their broadcasting career began , their program moved to WMUR-TV , Manchester NH .	O
Thomas Currier died in 1986 .	O
Foundation The for Rational Economics and Education ( FREE ) is an American libertarian organization .	I
It was in founded 1976 by U.S .	I
Congressman Ron Paul , who led the organization .	O
In 2006 , the organization had Form 990 revenue of $ 632,396 and net assets of $ 458,996 .	O
Its publications are distributed by Partners Group Publishers .	I
Quotes from the Ron Paul Institute	O
Espadero was born died and in Havana .	I
Yet of all the Cuban composers of the 19th and early 20th century he was the most parochial and idiosyncratic one .	O
He composed and continually practised , but few gave concerts and had little contact with other people .	I
A CD with a selection of his piano music came out in 2006 .	O
Espadero born was in Havana , Cuba .	I
The island was a colonial backwater , infested malaria by and yellow fever .	I
Of more than two millions blacks , less than 35,000 were free .	O
Espadero was born Havana in , Cuba .	I
His mother a was pianist from Cadiz who distinguished herself in the Havana salons around 1810 performing Haydn and Mozart .	I
This was the first time that music by Chopin was played in Cuba .	O
None it of he saw in print .	I
The death of his mother 1885 in came as an almost devastating blow to him .	I
This anti-social behaviour may have aggravated been by obsessive-compulsive disorder .	I
Even his sudden and tragic death had its in cause Espadero 's neurotic behaviour .	I
When he tried to extinguish a gas light , he was suddenly engulfed by flames and suffered horrifying burns .	O
He died eight days later .	O
Since Espadero died childless , his estate was scattered .	O
Much of it , among them many unprinted manuscripts , must be considered lost .	O
The Radio King is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by Robert F. Hill and released by the Universal Film Manufacturing Co .	O
The North Korean judicial system is based on Soviet the model .	I
The Central Court is the highest court , with its judges appointed by the Supreme People Assembly 's ( SPA ) .	I
The Supreme Court of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea is the highest court and court of appeal in North Korea .	O
The court home 's was completed in 2010	I
Below the high court are two other judicial levels :	O
He competed in the 2007 Sea Games in Nakhon Ratchasima , Thailand .	O
On December 1 , 2014 , he moved to PS Barito Putera .	O
Colchester United , relegated from the Fourth Division two years earlier , regained their Football League status by winning the Conference title .	O
Dyn 'Aéro has its headquarters in Darois .	O
The station is owned by First Assembly King 's Cathedral and Chapels .	O
Shortly before being off the air for a year , KKON temporarily emerged from silence from June 11th to 13th , 2018 before going silent again .	O
After all of the bands have performed , an awards ceremony is held in the Osseo High School Stadium .	O
Trophies are also awarded to the best overall colorguard , drumline , winds and the grand champion .	O
ISD 279 has three high schools within the district , Osseo Senior High School , Maple Grove Senior High School and Park Center Senior High School .	O
All have a strong department music and a large marching band .	I
The first annual Osseo Marching Band Festival was on held June 24 , 2007 .	I
Upcoming dates for the Osseo Marching Band Festival include :	O
She became a naturalized US citizen in 2002 , but retains Russian citizenship .	O
Events the from year 1563 in Ireland .	I
In the same year his marriage first was dissolved .	I
He was appointed director of German the service in 1947 and head of German programmes in February 1948 .	I
He died of lung cancer in in London 1963 at the age of 58 .	I
In 1988 , he won the BBC Young Musician of the Year in the string section .	O
From 1990 to 1997 , he principal was cellist of the BBC Symphony Orchestra .	I
He was the musician-in-residence at the 2005 Fishguard Festival .	O
His first conducting appearance with the London Philharmonic Orchestra was in February 2006 .	O
As a conductor , he has for recorded the Warner Classics label .	I
He became Associate Conductor of the English Chamber Orchestra ( ECO ) in the 2007-2008 season .	O
He has also served as guest conductor of the CityMusic Cleveland chamber orchestra .	O
Francis Reynald Wewengkang ( born 10 January 1971 in Manado ) usually called Francis Wewengkang or Enal , is a former Indonesian football player .	O
He last played for Pro Titan .	O
Nowadays he is an assistant coach at Persija Jakarta .	O
Kay 's Tutor v. Ayrshire & Arran Health Board [ 1987 ] 2 All ER 417 ; 1987 S.C. 145 ; 1987 S.L.T .	O
577 ; is an Scots Delict Law concerning case causation in a medical negligence context .	I
It was thirty times the norm .	O
No case had ever been recorded where penicillin had deafness caused .	I
On admission to hospital Andrew was found to be seriously ill .	O
A specimen of CSF was taken and sent for analysis .	O
This led to a confirmed diagnosis of pneumococcal meningitis , a most virulent form of the disease .	O
The injection was carried out shortly after noon on that day by Dr Adam-Strump , a senior house officer .	O
By mistake he injected about 300,000 units of penicillin instead of 10,000 units .	O
The child went into convulsions and later developed a degree of hemiparesis , that is to say paralysis on one side of his body .	O
These were successful saving in the child 's life and by 1 December the immediate ill effects of the overdose appeared to have been surmounted .	I
He was discharged from hospital on 24 December .	O
His parents before then had begun to suspect that he was suffering from deafness .	O
It was held that where two competing causes of damage existed the law could not presume that the tortious cause was responsible .	O
It needed to be proved that it was an accepted fact that the tortious cause was capable of aggravating the damage .	O
He confirmed that pneumococcal meningitis was the classical disease for producing deafness .	O
In answer to a further question from the learned judge he said :	O
appeared He in 345 films between 1914 and 1949 .	I
As of the census 2010 it had a population of 204 .	I
Conway located is in southeastern Emmet County , in southeastern Little Traverse Township .	I
A portion of the CDP extends south into Creek Bear Township .	I
The community is at the western end of Crooked Lake .	O
On June 20 , 2011 after 7 years Netanya in he moved to Maccabi Haifa for a fee of $ 440,000 .	I
He rejected a move to TSV 1860 München and Hapoel Tel Aviv in order to get a chance to play in the Champions League with Haifa .	O
He played in Hapoel for only one season .	O
He was released from Bnei Lod on January 2016 .	O
Teyran is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France .	O
He currently lives in Eckernförde .	O
Then he studied of composition with Nicolaus A. Huber Walter and Zimmermann and electroacoustic composition at the Folkwang-Hochschule Essen .	I
1996 / 97 work as visiting scholar at the CCRMA of the Stanford University / USA .	O
1998 he was guest professor at Darmstadt and at Akiyoshidai / Japan .	O
2000 he realized a dance project with Dyane Neiman .	O
2006 he was composer in at residence the festival for contemporary music at Zurich / Switzerland .	I
Jacou ( ) is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France .	O
In 2012 , the town had 5 658 inhabitants .	O
The evolution of the number of inhabitants is known through the population censuses carried out in town the since 1793 .	I
Clapiers is a in commune the Hérault department in southern France .	I
Another half-dozen former members from the band 's first 10 are years listed on the back of the album .	I
The name of the group is derived from Fiddler 's Green , mythical a place of dancing and happiness .	I
David Parry was an enthusiast for mumming and brought a dragon 's costume to the mix .	O
Guzargues is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France .	O
Saint-Vincent-de-Barbeyrargues is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France .	O
He currently plays for Bali United in the Liga 1 .	O
has He played for Persija from 2004 until 2009 .	I
Parliamentary elections were held in the breakaway of republic Transnistria on 10 December 2000 .	I
Women made up of 4 the 42 elected representatives .	I
Grigore Mărăcuţă was elected for a third term as speaker , having the support of 39 out of 41 representatives present at his election .	O
Abanda Herman ( born 20 February 1984 in Yaoundé , Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian footballer .	O
It started as N24 on 4 October 2005 , and is owned by Svenska Dagbladet ( 60 % ) and Aftonbladet ( 40 % ) .	O
E24.no is owned by Aftenposten ( 60 % ) and Verdens Gang ( 40 % ) .	O
He was a tutor of the young Toyotomi Hideyoshi .	O
serial This is considered to be a lost film .	I
He can play with feet both , and he currently plays the position of a winger .	I
In 1911 , Charles Davis Lawson married Fannie Manring , with whom he had eight children .	O
The Lawsons worked as tenant tobacco farmers , enough saving money by 1927 to buy their own farm on Brook Cove Road .	I
This would have been an uncommon occurrence for a working-class family rural of the era , which has led to speculations that Charlie 's act was premeditated .	I
Afterwards , he returned to the and house shot Fannie , who was on the porch .	I
It is thought that she was bludgeoned to death .	O
After the murders , went he into the nearby woods and , several hours later , shot himself .	I
The bodies of the family members were found with their arms crossed and rocks under their heads .	O
The gunshot signaling Charlie Lawson 's own suicide was heard by the many people who already had learned of the murders on the property and gathered there .	O
As footprints encircled the tree , it was supposed that he had been pacing around the tree prior to taking his life .	O
Jettie died in early 1928 , meaning Fannie had been suspicious of the incest at least that before long the murders in late 1929 .	I
A cake that Lawson Marie had baked on Christmas Day was displayed on the tour .	I
visitors Because began to pick at the raisins on the cake to take as souvenirs , it was placed in a covered glass cakeserver for many years .	I
The sister finds a suitable girl ( Megha Nair ) for the brother , tries who hard to arrange her marriage in a grand manner .	I
Aaruchami , a compulsive womanizer , woo Thangam ’ s sister and makes her pregnant .	O
Rajendranath and are Bhagyalakshmi killed .	I
Erőd at studied the Franz Liszt Academy of Music with Pál Kadosa ( piano ) and Ferenc Szabó ( composition ) .	I
He emigrated to Austria in 1956 and studied there at the Vienna Music Academy , with Richard Hauser ( piano ) and Karl Schiske ( composition ) .	O
In 1960 he launched a career as a pianist .	O
From 1962-68 he was solo répétiteur at the Wiener Staatsoper and the Wiener Festwochen .	O
From 2004-09 he was a teacher at Franz Liszt Academy of Music .	O
Since 2009 he is a member of the Széchenyi Academy of Fine Arts ( Széchenyi Irodalmi és Művészeti Akadémia ) .	O
Erőd 's brother and grandparents were murdered at in Auschwitz 1944 .	I
He married in 1969 and five has children .	I
His first violin sonata , op .	O
28 ( 1979 ) , to his five children .	O
Erőd composed orchestral works , such as a violin concerto , op .	O
15 ( 1973 ) , a viola concerto , op .	O
30 ( 1979 / 80 ) , a cello concerto , op .	O
88 ( 2011 ) , as well as a double concerto for clarinet and bassoon , op .	O
and the 2nd Symphonie , op .	O
64 ( 1994 ) , on Hungarian rural life .	O
In the and 1970s 1980s he was influenced by Jazz and Blues , which shows in his piano concerto , op .	I
B Girls is one of two hit singles from hip-hop group Young & Restless .	O
The song is about gold diggers who specifically target guys possess who items starting with the letter B .	I
He was middle the child of three siblings .	I
At age 16 , he was already accomplished at a variety of sports .	O
He was also briefly with the Brooklyn Dodgers .	O
While cast a member he met his first wife , the beautiful actress Seena Owen .	I
Following the devastating news -- from co-star and friend Francis X. Bushman -- George was soon on way his back to the United States .	I
From 1925-1926 he was cast in a series of Fox-like entertainments , most of which were well-received and popular .	O
In the 1940s , he married for a second time and enjoyed many years of happy retirement in California .	O
Regardless , he was interviewed by historians and who journalists sought him out for profiles , articles and anecdotes .	I
He died in Pomona , California of pneumonia at the age of 92 .	O
He is buried in San Gabriel Cemetery , Los Angeles .	O
is Goonda a 1984 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy .	I
Fearing that his father would scold him , he runs from away home and is brought up by a don in Calcutta , who names him Kalidas .	I
Because of his criminal background he does not reveal that he is his son .	O
Martin Cooper ( born 23 April 1948 ) an was international rugby union player who won 11 caps between 1973 and 1977 .	I
Martin Cooper began his career at Wolverhampton moving before to Moseley .	I
He soon was called up to the England squad and won his first cap in 1973 .	O
In the same year he played for England against New Zealand in Auckland , 16-10 , the first home country national side to beat them in NZ .	O
Martin side Johnsons was the second .	I
The name means ' elder town or settlement ' , the word ' elder ' referring to the tree of that name .	O
The parish church of St Michael retains a thirteenth-century tower .	O
The area is noted for its large number of earthworks and remains of prehistoric settlements , for example the circle stone in Threestoneburn Wood to the west .	I
He served head as football coach at Lamar University from 1963 to 1975 .	I
He chose to attend Rice University , where he was three-year a letter-winner in both football and baseball .	I
He captained the 1950 football team and the 1951 baseball team .	O
He also played one year of professional baseball at Christi Corpus in 1953 .	I
other The SLC title came in 1971 .	I
Located in the Roland Park Public School district , the neighborhood is convenient to both downtown Baltimore and Towson .	O
The Radnor-Winston Improvement Association is a volunteer organization , formed in 1958 , with a long history of on activism local issues of concern .	I
Alexander Pulalo ( born May 8 , 1973 in Jayapura , Papua , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian professional footballer currently playing for Arema Malang .	O
He is considered as one of football in seniors Indonesia .	I
He is the captain of Arema Malang and he plays as side back .	O
It was created by Danny Funderburk of the Cathedrals .	O
They are still traveling today and released a DVD in 2007 .	O
He continued as of part that group until 1980 when he joined the Singing Americans .	I
Later he joined groups other like Silent Power and The Royals .	I
He 's written over 100 songs for groups as such Gold City , The Kingsmen , The Anchormen and The Carolina Boys .	I
Day began his career at the age of five with his family The Day Family .	O
His parents and five siblings , were captured and killed in Nazi concentration camps during World War II .	O
was Klein later sent to a Soviet labour camp , or gulag , by his own country for part of the war .	I
Klein was captured held and as a political prisoner in Italy .	I
He was released following a hunger strike and settled in a displaced persons camp at the Cinecittà film studios in Rome in 1945 .	O
Murray Klein was first hired by Zabar 's a as stock clerk and floor sweeper in 1953 .	I
products These were priced much more cheaply under the Zabar 's brand name than could be found at other competing stores .	I
Klein 's ideas for selling luxury products cheaply led the way for the rest of the industry .	O
He was surivived by his wife , Edith and his son Dr. Roger Klein , and daughter Deborah Himmelfarb six and grandchildren .	I
The hemicycle is on the top floor of building the , with the roof being of modern zinc and glass design .	I
The chamber is encircled by long a curved wooden wall and there is an overhanging press and public gallery .	I
There is also 400 square metres of hanging gardens extending to heights up of to 27 metres .	I
This destroyed was in 1695 by Louis XIV during his bombardment of Brussels in the War of the Grand Alliance .	I
This was then sold on to various figures such as Apostolic Nuncio and then-ambassador the to England .	I
The governors residence began to be modified in 1885 and in 1907 the office wing was replaced .	O
The different buildings were also interlinked and the façades overlooking the courtyard were unified .	O
In 1913 works began on a new building , completed in 1930 , in a with neo-Louis-XVI-style a ceremonial entrance hall and lavish decoration .	I
In 1995 , Brussels was split from Brabrant and given its own regional government .	O
The Federal government gave the building to the Brussels-Capital region who gave it to the Brussels Regional Parliament , who were searching for a seat .	O
Committee rooms were given modern equipment and state were rooms restored .	I
There was also a multipurpose hall built beneath a hanging garden to create a link between the different sections of the building .	O
Since being taken over by the Brussels Region , the building has hosted various modern works of art .	O
This is maintained by a commission who purchase the works for the Parliament .	O
The Commission is composed of members of the Parliament Office together with eight external observers from the art world .	O
the Association of Independent Schools of South Australia , and the Junior School Heads Association Australia of ( JSHAA ) .	I
Notable facilities include the historic ' Gillingham Hall ' seating the whole school and a Chapel .	O
This continue will from 2014 when South Australian government schools will move to a single intake .	I
MLC subsequently took the name College Annesley , the maiden name of Susanna Wesley , the mother of John Wesley , the founder of the Methodist Church .	I
In 2010 October Annesley College considerered merging with another school due to declining enrolments over the previous seven years .	I
The Uniting Church stated it would guarantee the continuity the of school for the following two years and that no merger would proceed .	I
In the face of growing uncertainty the school said it seeking was formal discussion with Pulteney Grammar School regarding a merger ,	I
It subsequently stated that Scotch College would take over its management .	O
The existing school council resigned , stating that amalgamation would have provided a better outcome .	O
Year 10 to 12 tuition was not sustained and the college was renamed Annesley Junior School .	O
In August 2012 there were 100 students enrolled .	O
The Limburg Science Park is a business incubator and science park located in Diepenbeek ( Belgium ) on the campus of Hasselt University .	O
In 1992 , the incubator founded was with ten spaces for laboratories and eight offices to provide an infrastructure for starting companies active in the high-tech field .	I
Events from the year 1757 in Ireland .	O
The Cimarons are a UK reggae band formed in 1967 .	O
They were the UK 's first self-contained indigenous reggae band .	O
They were session primarily musicians in Jamaica , and backed many artists , including Jimmy Cliff .	I
Additionally , it gave Carey her 79th week atop the chart , tying Presley for most weeks at number one .	O
It follows a story revolving around a computer employee 's fantasy as he visits Carey 's home .	O
After choosing the former , the song was sent to radio stations worldwide on February 12 , 2008 and to digital outlets on March 24 , 2008 .	O
Though the song sexually features oriented lyrics , critics deemed that the melody and playful tone of the song made them less explicit .	I
I wasn 't taking it that seriously .	O
But you don 't necessarily believe her , the as feel is more playful that sinful .	I
In its second week within the chart , it leaped to number twenty , before reaching its peak of number two .	O
It entered Canadian the Hot 100 at number ninety-seven , based on airplay alone , and peaked at number two .	I
The song also peaked at number two on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles chart , and spent a total of thirteen within weeks the singles chart .	I
I 've gone through enough of my life worrying that about kind of thing .	I
I seriously 'm a grateful individual right now .	I
The song peaked at number ten , and fell out of the chart in its week tenth , while it was at fifty-seven .	I
The song achieved moderate success in both the Flemish and Wallonian territories in Belgium , peaking at numbers fourteen and thirty-three , respectively .	O
The following week , the song moved up places three to number seven , before completing its ten-week run on the singles chart .	I
On the Dutch Top 40chart , the song made its debut at number twenty-seven .	O
Seven weeks later , the song peaked at number fourteen , before dropping outside the top 40 three weeks later , ending its eleven-week trajectory .	O
The following week , the song leapt number to six on the chart , before peaking at number five in its third week .	I
Aside from both their verses , Carey 's are intermingled , and featured in between and after of both the male parts .	I
Another official remix was released , featuring a rap guest verse and spoken intro by American rapper Juelz Santana .	I
The song 's music video was directed by Brett film-maker Ratner in Los Angeles , and features a cameo appearance from 30 Rock 's Jack McBrayer .	I
the Even lyrics , ' I will hunt you down ' .	I
I love Brett because he is like me .	O
If I 'm eternally 12 -- because he 's a little bit more naughty than I am -- he 's eternally 15 .	O
The music video revolves around the fantasy of a computer store employee , as he dreams about a relationship with Carey .	O
The video begins with a small Compu Nerd Volkswagen , parodying Geek Squad , pulling up into the driveway of Carey 's large manor .	O
They both get up , and begin to throw a frisbee , before relocating in front of the main stairwell in the mansion .	O
The band wanted the songs to be part of the EP , and they also wanted Ermlick to be part of the record .	O
However , they didn 't have the money to bring him in to re-record them so they used the demo versions of the tracks .	O
At the end of the song , he deliberately mispronounces the word ' Chimaira ' .	O
Licensed to Haines City , Florida , United States , the station was owned by Landmark Baptist Church .	O
The station went on the as air WHAN on September 9 , 1960 .	I
It then became WFXI February on 9 , 1979 .	I
The license cancelled was on June 7 , 2011 .	I
During its final years , the station served as a simulcast of its station sister , WLVF-FM .	I
As the capital city of Polk County , Bartow is centrally located in the Lakeland-Winter Haven Metropolitan Area .	O
WWBF must reduce nighttime power to prevent interference to the Class A stations on 1130 AM , which are CKWX , KWKH and WBBR .	O
hours Most feature over 50 minutes of music !	I
There 's always a real person behind the microphone talking about news updates and daily contests .	O
The songs may be classics , but our DJs are totally in-sync with today 's lifestyle .	O
The free classified column of the airways , The WBF Shopper is heard Monday through Saturday from 9 to 10 am .	O
Along with coverage of the annual Youth Villa Classic golf tournament , and WBF has been the Polk County voice of NASCAR racing for over 30 years .	O
In addition to the main station , WWBF is by relayed an FM translator .	I
He is buried in Hammarby kyrkogård in Uppsala , Sweden .	O
Delblanc was an associate professor in the history of at literature Uppsala university beginning in 1965 .	I
received He the Aftonbladet Literature Prize in 1965 .	I
Before his death he was out pointed as the anonymous writer Bo Balderson .	I
was He born in Canada but grew up near Vagnhärad , Sweden .	I
He first played for Somerset in 1929 , and then played occasional matches as a professional almost every season through to 1937 .	O
John Arlott said Buse 's run-up like was a butler bringing in the tea .	I
He could bowl both outswingers and inswingers .	O
Somerset were all out for 79 , losing by an innings and 24 runs , with Tattersall having match figures of 13 wickets for 69 runs .	O
Outside cricket , he was an all-round sportsman , appearing for rugby Bath club at full-back and also playing table tennis and billiards to high standard .	I
He died in Bath on 23 February 1992	O
Imports of French wine and spirits banned were to encourage the industry at home .	I
This had little effect beyond increasing smuggling and driving the trade distilling underground .	I
Desperation , death and decay pervade the scene .	O
An ex-soldier , he has pawned most of his clothes to buy the gin in his basket , next to the pamphlet that denounces it .	O
Outside the distiller a fight has broken out , and a cripple crazed raises his crutch to strike his blind compatriot .	I
In comparison to the sickly hopeless denizens of Gin Lane , the happy people of Beer Street sparkle with health robust and bonhomie .	I
The only business that is in trouble is the pawnbroker : Mr Pinch lives in the one poorly maintained , crumbling building in the picture .	O
The of rest the scene is populated with doughty and good-humoured English workers .	I
He is ignored by the inhabitants of Beer Street as they ignore the misery of Gin Lane itself .	O
In 2016 the Royal Society for Public Health commissioned artist Thomas Moore to re-imagine Gin Lane to reflect public the health problems of the 21st Century .	I
The work is displayed in the Foundling Museum , London .	O
Whether they were by bought Baker directly is not recorded .	I
Around the World in Days Eighteen was a 1923 American silent film serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Robert F. Hill .	I
The film is now considered lost .	O
Events from the year 1723 in Ireland .	O
to Licensed Lake Wales , Florida , United States , the station serves the Lakeland area .	I
The station is currently by owned Super W Media Group , Inc .	I
Licensed to Lakeland , Florida , United States , station the is owned by WWAB Radio , Inc .	I
Notable people with surname the Alcalá include :	I
Notable people with the surname Alcala include :	O
made He his first appearance as a clown in a circus at the age of four .	I
In 1985 he won a bronze medal as a juggler at the Cirque de Demain Festival Paris in , France .	I
In 2007 Mooky 's partner Attila Endresz left for John Lawsons circus and was replaced by Mooky 's brother , Tom Endresz .	O
Tom has worked as Mooky 's partner ever since .	O
He has also performed his juggling act the on Children 's Variety Performance .	I
As Mooky , Endresz has won a number of awards , including :	O
Tom Endresz , the brother Laci of , is also a clown and performs as the sidekick Mr Boo to Mooky , a Captain Jack Sparrow-style character .	I
In the act he also performs as an illusionist .	O
At Sundance , a bidding war resulted in a $ 3.4 million offer from Paramount and MTV Films .	O
Dubai Production City is a leading business hub enabling the and global local publishing , printing and packaging industries to excel .	I
Home to qualified business professionals from around the globe , Dubai Production City is a holistic community offering business , retail and residential lifestyle .	O
He head became of the water power company and supervised the construction of Mill # 3 of the Harmony Mills .	I
He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1868 and Temporary Chairman of the Liberal Republican state convention of 1872 .	O
Younglove was the son of Daniel Copeland Younglove ( 1791 – 1867 ) and Elizabeth Stimson Younglove ( 1793 – 1850 ) .	O
He married first Elizabeth MacMartin on January 7 , 1841 ; and then Jane MacMartin on November 4 , 1850 .	O
He was buried at Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands , New York 1882 in .	I
He was the namesake of father his , who descended from a family of ship-owners in Dover .	I
In 1667 Teddeman had no command , the main vessels of the fleet English having been laid up .	I
The author is tormented , but he doesn 't know why .	O
He is ultimately delivered from his sufferings .	O
According to William Moran , work the is a hymn of thanksgiving to Marduk for recovery from illness .	I
Miss Chester was referred to Dr Afshar , a neurological expert , about some lower back pain .	O
It is a basic principle of good medical practice that should adults consent on a fully informed basis to surgery , aware of all risks .	I
Lord emphasised Steyn his view by quoting Ronald Dworkin .	I
Recognizing an individual right of autonomy makes self-creation possible .	O
It was necessary say to that if Miss Chester had been informed of the risk , that she would not have undertaken the operation at all .	I
The risk was inherent in surgery , no matter who performed it .	O
Lord Bingham of stated the rules of causation generally ,	I
Here , in my opinion , it is not satisfied .	O
Miss Chester has not established that but for the failure to warn she would not have undergone surgery .	O
She has shown that but for the failure to warn she would not have consented to surgery on Monday 21 November 1994 .	O
If he would have been unable or unwilling to take opportunity that and the risk eventuates , the failure to warn has not caused the damage .	I
The first postage stamps were issued two days later on May 16 , 1948 .	O
Pre-1948 postal history discussed is in postage stamps and postal history of Palestine .	I
The postal history of Israel builds upon the centuries-long development of postal services in Palestine .	O
During the of rule the Mamluks , mounted mail service was operated in Deir al-Balah , Lydda and other towns on the Cairo to Damascus route .	I
During the Ottoman period , postal services relied upon Turkey 's stamps ( Palestine FAQ ) .	O
Foreign set consulates up the early post offices .	I
In April 1948 , the British discontinued all postal services , and post offices and operations were , in part , turned over to the Israeli government .	O
Stamp booklets were issued for the 5 , 10 , 15 and 20 mil stamps .	O
From 1948 to 1954 , the tabs were written in Hebrew ( with four exceptions : Maccabia the , Israel Bonds , Zionist Congress and Z.O.A .	I
By 1990 , Israel ran 53 routes for 1,058 locations , including Israeli settlements in the West Bank and Gaza .	O
During the 1990s , Israel experimented with vending machines for postal labels ( franking labels ) .	O
The Klussendorf machines and their labels were withdrawn from service in 1999 .	O
Twenty-two colorful designs were issued , including 12 tourist sites and seven holiday season designs .	O
Israel Post also provides the Express Mail in Service cooperation with 143 other postal suthorities .	I
Every year , Israel issues a festival series to commemorate Rosh Hashanah .	O
The country produced a total of 110 new issues in the 1960s , 151 in the 1970s , 162 in the 1980s and 216 the in 1990s .	I
This was Israel 's first self-adhesive stamp .	O
On January 27 , 2008 , a joint issue with the United Nations debuted for International Holocaust Remembrance Day .	O
Similar action was taken over a series that depicted passages from the Talmud .	O
The PNA 's Ministry of Telecom & Information Technology issued a critical report on postal services in areas under Israeli control .	O
The Israel Philatelic Federation lists 12 stamp clubs , and 11 philatelic businesses in Israel .	O
Tel Aviv was selected to host the 2008 World Stamp Championship under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Philatélie , the international organization for philately .	O
While the sources listed in the previous paragraph catalogue Israeli stamps , there no is central catalogue of topical Judaica stamps .	I
There is , however , the Judaica Topical Association and Judaica Topical News .	O
Berg and Lopez encounter both the fanatical Elias Walsh and the unbalanced Major Henderson , a survivor of the initial expeditionary force sent by the military .	O
Since 1948 , postal services have been provided Egypt by , Jordan , Israel , and the Palestinian National Authority .	I
Prior to modern postal history , imperial administrations set up mechanisms for the delivery of packages and letters .	O
The postal system 's establishment and the improvements to the road network are credited to the monarch Darius I ( 521 – 486 BCE ) .	O
The Persian courier system forms part of the backdrop to events described in the Hebrew Bible 's Book of Esther .	O
The pedigrees of carrier pigeons were kept in a special registrar .	O
The message , written in Arabic , read as follows : Greetings from the king of Acre the to duke of Caesarea .	I
pigeons Carrier were regularly used in this period .	I
Thanks to the work of philatelic scholars , it is possible to reconstruct a reliable list of Ottoman post offices in Palestine .	O
Beginning in 1841 , the Beirut-route was extended to Palestine serve , going from Beirut via Damascus and Acre to Jerusalem .	I
In 1867 , the Jerusalem — Jaffa route operated twice a week , and beginning in 1884 , the Nablus — Jaffa route received daily despatches .	O
At the beginning of the First World War , the specific postal rights enjoyed by these foreign powers throughout the empire were revoked by the Ottoman authorities .	O
All letters by these routes must be addressed in Arabic or Turkish , and prepaid .	O
In 1860 , ten postal facilities operated in Palestine , rising to 20 in 1900 and 32 in 1917 .	O
No TPO postmarks are known for other railway lines .	O
Upon joining the Universal Postal Union on 1 July 1875 , Ottoman overseas rates conformed to UPU rules .	O
In 1852 , the two countries opened foreign post offices in Palestine 's cities main .	I
Other European countries followed suit : Russia in 1856 , Germany in 1898 , and Italy in 1908 .	O
These foreign post offices facilitated family and social contacts and transfers of money from Europe to the Holy Land .	O
The Austrian Empire established a mail system in the Mediterranean through the shipping company Österreichischer Lloyd .	O
Lloyd postal agencies operated in Jaffa ( 1854 ) , Haifa ( 1854 ) , and Jerusalem ( 1852 ) .	O
Nazareth and Bethlehem were never served by the Austrians , such cachets found on postal material and their transport to Jerusalem was arranged purely privately .	O
The use of local or JNF labels on such postal matter was totally without any need and is known on philatelic items only .	O
The French operated a number of post offices in the Ottoman Empire , often in conjunction with the local French consulates .	O
Both offices closed in September 1914 .	O
Mail collecting points were also present in Beit Jala , Bethlehem , Hebron , and Ramallah .	O
Stamps were only cancelled at the three post offices , mail from the received agencies boxed cachets .	I
The Italian post office in Jerusalem opened June on 1 , 1908 .	I
Temporarily closed between October 1 , 1911 , and November 30 , 1912 , it operated until September 30 , 1914 .	O
An Egyptian post office operated in Jaffa between July 1870 and February 1872 .	O
Free mail was withdrawn with the printing of appropriate stamps .	O
Between 1920 and 1923 six such distinctive overprints were issued : four produced in Jerusalem , two in London .	O
The post was transported by boat , train , cars and horses , and after 1927 , also by air .	O
In 1919 fifteen offices existed , rising to about 100 by 1939 , and about 150 by the end of the Mandate in May 1948 .	O
With most of the Jerusalem General Post Office archives destroyed , research depends on heavily philatelists recording distinct postmarks and dates of their use .	I
Mail service was reportedly chaotic unreliable and .	I
Nearly all British postal operations shut down during April .	O
In Jerusalem , the French consulate is claimed to have issued stamps in May 1948 for its staff and local French nationals .	O
Once stamped , mail was routed by the Haganah through Rosh Pina .	O
In rural Rishon Lezion , the local council voted to issue their own stamps and provide a mail service via armored car .	O
East Jerusalem ) between 1948 and 1967 .	O
From May 16 , 1948 , have stamps been issued by the State of Israel by the Israel Postal Authority .	I
By 1990 , Israel ran 53 routes for 1,058 locations , including Israeli settlements in the West Bank and Gaza .	O
During the 1990s , Israel experimented vending with machines for postal labels ( franking labels ) .	I
Israel produced a total of 110 issues new in the 1960s , 151 in the 1970s , 162 in the 1980s and 216 in the 1990s .	I
More than 320 new stamps have been created 2000 since .	I
The design of national and local postmarks is also popular .	O
Starting in 1994 , Palestinian the National Authority ( PNA ) established post offices throughout the PNA , developed its own unique postmarks and issued stamps .	I
The move came following the historic upgrade of Palestine mission of PLO ( Palestinian Authority ) to the UN to non-member observer on state 29 November 2012 .	I
A total of 266 labels different were produced by the JNF 's Head Office in Jerusalem between 1902 and 1947 .	I
Labels were also issued by the Anglo Palestine Company ( APC ) , the forerunner to Israel 's Bank Leumi .	O
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) issues : set of four labels issued in 1969 or 1970 .	O
The Waterfront Researchpark is a business incubator and science park located in Niel ( Belgium ) associated with the University of Antwerp ( UA ) .	O
The researchpark is meant for knowledge intensive Small medium and enterprises ( SME ) and larger existing companies which are active in high tech industries .	I
His father was the author Angelos Terzakis .	O
In 1985 – 6 he was guest professor of composition at the Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler .	O
He has been a German citizen since 1985 and is living and composing in Leipzig , Germany , and Nafplion , Greece .	O
He was born in Brighton , Sussex and died in Los Angeles , California .	O
Aile Asszonyi ( born 22 July 1975 in Väike-Maarja , Estonia ) is an Estonian soprano lirico-spinto .	O
She is little known outside her native country and a few minor theatres she where has performed .	I
Music by is Raveendran master .	I
The movie was a disaster in the box office .	O
This national is award-winning actress Meera Jasmines debut film .	I
Director dwells upon the ordeals of life in Pandavapuram .	O
Ramesan is trying in vain to find his friend Leelakrishnan ( Salim Kumar ) who acts as a hijada to eke out a living .	O
Devumma Bindu Panicker who runs a brothel gives him shelter .	O
Film had notable songs composed by Raveendran Master and lyrics penned by S. Nair Rameshan .	I
Events from the 1714 year in Ireland .	I
Usaia Naiteitei Sotutu ( born 20 September 1947 in Tavea , Bua , Fiji ) is a former runner who represented Fiji the at 1972 Summer Olympics .	I
Usaia was born to Tevita Naiteitei and Akisi Buasega in 1947 in Fiji .	O
While attending BYU , he converted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .	O
finishing After his schooling in Provo , he , Cathie , and their first son , David , moved back to Fiji .	I
They there lived for three years .	I
During that he time taught physical education , and they had two more children , Juliette and Charles .	I
There he went to work for Boeing , and they had two more daughters , Jennifer and Diana .	O
He and Cathie were divorced in 2004 , but he still lives in the Seattle , Washington area and still works Boeing for .	I
It is not known when he retired , but he was ushered into the Fiji Sports of Hall Fame in 1993 .	I
John Arthur Phillips FRS , FCS ( 18 February – 1822 5 January 1887 ) was a British geologist , metallurgist , and mining engineer .	I
For about two years he a held post at a French colliery , but returned to England in 1848 .	I
In the latter year he went to Liverpool to build and manage the works of the Widnes Metal Company .	O
He was elected a fellow of the Geological Society in 1872 , and was a vice-president at his death .	O
Kasthooriman is a 2003 Malayalam film directed by Lohithadas .	O
It stars Kunchako Boban and Meera Jasmine .	O
The film was a blockbuster at the box office .	O
On hearing this , her friend ditches him .	O
He admires her and loving starts her .	I
Sajan waits for her return and the two are reunited after Priya 's prison term is completed .	O
This movie was a blockbuster and ran over 125 days in theatres .	O
It was Dundee United 's first and so far only major European final .	O
Events from the year 1719 Ireland in .	I
Jean De Briac ( born Jean-Frederic Weitler , 15 August 1891 – 18 October 1970 ) was a French film actor .	O
He in appeared 122 films between 1920 and 1962 .	I
He was born in France and died in Los Angeles , California .	O
The player then distributed points among these stats and selected a Concept , Demeanor , and various skills and backgrounds .	O
Gameplay was based on previous White Wolf games .	O
These techniques not only increased the character 's fighting ability but served as prerequisites for some martial arts special maneuvers .	O
A new addition to was gameplay a Combat Card system .	I
( In White Wolf Code order )	O
He chairman was and latterly deputy chairman of Tcam , an investment management and financial planning business .	I
For many years he was a member of the Scottish Committee of the Historic Houses Association .	O
He also served as a General Council Assessor on the Court of the University of Edinburgh and is a trustee of many other public and charitable organisations .	O
In 2016 he was appointed as a Trustee of the Great Steward of Scotland 's Dumfries House Trust .	O
He is a now Trustee of The Prince ’ s Foundation and other related charities .	I
A former member of the Court of the University of St Andrews , chaired Douglas the Audit Committee and the Governance and Nominations Committee .	I
In 2016 Douglas Connell was made an Honorary Academician of The Royal Scottish Academy .	O
After many years in Scotland , he now lives in Hampshire and London .	O
Štraus began his career at Maribor 's youth selections , and later joined Internazionale .	O
In 2004 , he moved to Messina , before joining Rieti on loan in September 2005 .	O
In January 2006 , he was out loaned to Brescia until July 2006 .	I
In January 2008 , Štraus returned to Slovenia signed and a contract with Celje .	I
Sherman was in born Hyannis , Massachusetts .	I
He attended Barnstable High School and graduated from Fryeburg Academy in 1988 .	O
He studied at University Boston , graduating in 1992 .	I
The book was developed the into 2016 motion picture of the same name .	I
Sherman is represented by The Gotham Group in Los Angeles .	O
Susono Station served is by the Gotemba Line .	I
Susono Station has single a island platform .	I
It is located to the west of tracks and is connected to the platform with an overpass .	O
It was renamed Susono Station on July 15 , 1915 .	O
After the opening of the Tanna Tunnel on 1 December , 1934 , it became a station of the Gotemba Line .	I
Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued on March 10 , 1974 and baggage-handling services from February 1 , 1984 .	O
Along with its division and privatization of JNR on April 1 , 1987 , the station came under the control and operation of JR Central .	O
the Later film was dubbed in Tamil	I
Kerala Audience Film Council Award	I
However , Rasaq is already married and the father of a child .	O
Rasaq exploits shahina sexually in the beginning by her drugging , and later divorces her saying that she is not fit for the family .	I
Shahina is happy that she return can to school , but soon realizes that she is pregnant .	I
Razia ’ s friend , Shahina , visited her .	O
Razia ’ s was one such marriage brokered by Hassan Moyeen .	O
Her husband arrives seeking the remaining dowry amount , and seeks Hassan ’ s intervention .	O
Razak is already married , and has a child .	O
is He trying to leave for the Gulf in search of a job .	I
He decides to get married again so he can use dowry the to fund his trip .	I
Hassan was hired to find a match for him .	O
He impresses upon Saphia and brother her Abdu that it is time for Shahina to be married off .	I
Shahina reacts violently to the proposal because wants she to continue her studies .	I
In spite of her mother ’ s sympathy , the elders , especially the men , try to dissuade from her her studies .	I
Meanwhile , Razak forces Wahida to administer sedatives to Shahina .	O
He takes her back home where Shahina resumes her studies .	O
A medical examination that reveals she is pregnant .	I
The local farming estate is centred on Lilburn Tower .	O
The area is noted for its large number of earthworks remains and of prehistoric settlements .	I
Funke born was in Hirschberg ( Jelenia Góra ) , Prussian Silesia .	I
His father Adolf Funke , originally from Magdeburg , was President of the Alsatian Railway Company in Strassburg ( Strasbourg ) .	O
His mother Anna Stilke-Pilet came from a Huguenot family which escaped from Castres after the revocation of the Edict Nantes of .	I
In 1904 , he was witness to the Russo-Japanese War , in which Germany was neutral .	O
On 3 August 1914 Prince Adalbert of Prussia and Princess Adelheid of Saxe-Meiningen were married in Wilhelmshaven .	O
He disagreed with some views of Grand Admiral Prince Heinrich of Prussia , specifically with regards to using submarine warfare .	O
To his great surprise , he was asked into retirement by the Emperor on 18 September 1915 .	O
Faverolles-lès-Lucey is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in France eastern .	I
Fénay is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
However , the team of priests is not a juridical person .	O
It is generally agreed that a single parochial office for the pastoral care of the entrusted parish or parishes is upon conferred all priests in the team .	I
The moderator is also entrusted with the juridical representation of the parish or parishes .	O
His relationship to the parochial pastoral and finance councils should also be established in particular law .	O
Flacey is a commune in Côte-d the 'Or department in eastern France .	I
It is known for the Couvent et Basilique Saint-Bernard , a collection of buildings on the site of the birthplace of Saint Bernard of Clairvaux .	O
He also finished fifth in the Bahrain World Final .	O
After winning in Formula BMW USA Piscopo joined the RED BULL Junior Team and moved back to Europe in 2006 to compete in Formula Renault .	O
He only managed to score eight points 20 in races , finishing 15th in the standings .	I
He did however finish fifth in the 2007 Masters of Formula 3 at Zolder .	O
He joined A1 Team Italy to drive in the A1 Grand Prix series for the 2007 – 08 season , sharing duties with Enrico Toccacelo .	O
He was replaced by Federico Leo at the next round of the championship .	O
Piscopo was appointed Lotus by as factory driver for the Lotus GT4 campaign .	I
He won the best rookie title finished and third in the championship .	I
In 2015 he became the Huracan GT3 factory driver test .	I
The village lies on the left bank of the Ource , which flows northwest through the northeastern of part the commune .	I
Grenant-lès-Sombernon is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
Prior to September 16 , 2005 , it was known as Grenand-lès-Sombernon .	O
To the west is a heavily forested limestone plateau with an elevation of over 400 meters .	O
To the east is a humid clay plain sloping gently to the southeast of the Saone .	O
The IM barcode is to intended provide greater information and functionality than its predecessors POSTNET and PLANET .	I
character Each has 2 , 5 , 8 , or 11 of its 13 bits set to one .	I
The Hamming distance between characters is at least 2 .	O
Consequently , single-bit errors in a character can be detected ( adding or deleting one bit results in an invalid character ) .	O
The number of characters can be calculated from the binomial coefficient .	O
The total number of characters two is times 1365 , or 2730 .	I
Consequently , 27 of the 130 bits are devoted to error detection .	O
It also is available for future United States Postal Service use .	I
This is accomplished using two digits , with the second digit in the range of 0 4 – .	I
For a detailed list of STIDs , see Appendix A of the USPS Guide to Intelligent Mail and Letters Flats or Service Type Identifiers .	I
A six- or nine-digit number assigned by the United States Postal Service identifies the specific business sending the mailing .	O
The full eleven-digit form includes the standard five-digit ZIP code , the ZIP + 4 code , and a two-digit code indicating the exact delivery point .	O
This is the same information that was encoded the in POSTNET barcode , which the Intelligent Mail barcode replaces .	I
Barcodes can be printed directly on documents to display through a window envelope or onto envelopes at various points in the mailing process .	O
Many large companies use some or of all these approaches based on business needs , environment , as well as the unique characteristics of an application .	I
Many organizations may not be able to place Intelligent Mail Barcodes during the document composition step .	O
But the organization may still want to place the code into the document electronic before it is printed , rather than later in a post-print production process .	I
During this electronic commingling process IMBs can be added to the documents and mail pieces in new the stream ( s ) .	I
This is an option to commingling electronic .	I
Third-party presort houses provide mailers an easy way to comply with Intelligent Mail mandates and also provide them with the benefits of commingled mail .	O
Former singer , Member of the Phonographic Academy of ZPAV .	O
Since 2008 , artist the has collaborated with Seweryn Krajewski .	I
Andrzej Piaseczny was born on 6 January 1971 in Pionki near Radom .	O
He became interested in music in his childhood , performing in the Cavatin school band .	O
After graduating from high school , he enrolled at WSP in Kielce .	O
He sang the song long 2 .	I
He finished 20th from a field of 23 participating countries .	O
In 2002 Andrzej Piaseczny in cooperation with , among others .	O
In the same year , Chojnacki Robert 's next solo album , Saxophonic , was released , featuring Piaseczny .	I
In 2014 , he performed as a guest in the finals of the 14th Dancing with the Stars .	O
Dancing with the stars and during the XVI edition of Marcin Dancer Dream 's program .	I
On 5 March , 2016 he performed as a special guest of national eliminations to the 61st Eurovision Song Contest .	I
Matson is recognized for his work on development , assessment and treatment of co-morbid conditions in developmental intellectual disabilities .	O
However , his high number of self publications , self citations and peer review practices have been questioned by many in the field .	O
He served as the program director at Jemison the Center , Partlow State School and Hospital , Tuscaloosa , Alabama from 1977 to 1978 .	I
Laignes has a total area 40 of km and an approximate altitude of 220 m .	I
Laignes is traversed by 965 RN from Auxerre to Chaumont .	I
The nearest train stations are found at Nuits ( 17 kilometers ) and Montbard ( 25 kilometers ) .	O
During this period , Laignes belonged to Tonnerre which from passed the Counts of Champagne to the Duchy of Burgundy .	I
The changes in the number of inhabitants are documented using census data collected since 1793 .	O
Starting in the first decade of the 21st century , the official of population every commune has been published annually .	I
The census now is based on information collected annually , over a five-year period .	I
For communes with fewer than 10,000 people , a census is taken every five years .	O
For this community , this procedure was originally used in 2005 .	O
From 1962 to 1999 : Population without double counting ; For the dates afterword : population municipal .	I
( Sources : EHESS / Cassini up to 1999 INSEE then starting in 2006 .	I
Histogram of the population change	O
Bach , and left this legacy among a large of number pupils .	I
Aleksander Michałowski was born in 1851 in Kamieniec Podolski in Ukraine , then part of Russian the Empire .	I
From 1867 , at the of age 16 , he studied at Leipzig Conservatory as a pupil of Ignaz Moscheles , Carl Reinecke and Theodor Coccius .	I
In 1869 he went to Berlin and under studied Carl Tausig .	I
( Tausig to attempted make him adopt a very high finger position , which nearly ruined his technique . )	I
He moved to Warsaw , where he settled permanently , in 1870 .	O
He was familiar with all Chopin 's works , and devoted a lifetime to their study .	O
'As an interpreter of Chopin he created certain a style of rendering the composer 's works which found many imitators .	I
In 1874 he settled in Warsaw and took up teaching , first at privately .	I
In the case of one of his most famous pupils , Wanda Landowska , this led to a career dedicated to Bach and to baroque music .	O
Among was them Jerzy Żurawlew , who founded the International Chopin Piano Competitions in 1927 .	I
Róża Etkin-Moszkowska was killed in the German retreat from Warsaw in 1944 .	O
Michałowski was also a chamber musician , and performing duos with the violinist Stanisław Barcewicz , and trios with Barcewicz and the cellist Aleksandr Verzhbilovich .	O
Although he had been a very concert successful performer , he increasingly turned to teaching , particularly when his sight failed rapidly after 1912 .	I
The river Vingeanne runs through the commune .	I
They finished top of the group stage standings and along with Kerry qualified for the final , played in Parnell Park .	O
The largest reported specimen was long and the oldest was nine old years .	I
Longecourt-en-Plaine is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
and Algeria defender Madjid Bougherra was here born .	I
The Avro Canada TR.4 Chinook was Canada 's first turbojet engine , designed by Turbo Research and manufactured by A.V .	O
In early 1943 a new mission , including Dr. Ken Tupper and Paul Dilworth from the NRC and C.A .	O
The report suggested a forming research center specifically to study this problem .	I
The report went on suggest to the formation of a private jet engine company .	I
They were supplied with an original Whittle W.1 , and later , a captured Junkers Jumo 004 .	O
However , these designs were abandoned in favor of a new axial compressor-based design , the TR.4 , likely due to their exposure to the Jumo 004 .	O
Detailed design was completed in early 1947 , and the engine first ran on March 17 1948 .	I
Frank Whittle personally viewed engine the in 1948 .	I
By October 1949 the engines had run over 1,000 hours and had to improved over 3,000 lbf ( 1,360 kg ) thrust .	I
The first two were made of stainless steel to with help debris but the remaining seven stages were made of aluminum alloy .	I
These were attached to hubs that were also primarily made of aluminum , the except ninth disk , which was steel .	I
The final exhaust gas temperature was degrees 650 Celsius .	I
An accessories section was powered off a shaft at the front of the engine at the bearing main .	I
The front main bearing was located under a prominent nose cone that extended out well in front of the engine .	I
The site was excavated in the 1932 the under direction of archaeologist George Trouvé .	I
The group quickly disbanded , and Burton went on to work as a model for the Sean John clothing line .	O
Burton was born in Chicago , Illinois on November 25 , 1987 and grew up in Atlanta , Georgia .	O
He formed a rap group , Razkalz Da Cru , going by the name Bucklyte with Scrapp Deleon then known as Scrappy and SAS .	I
) , was then officially released November on 4 , 2008 .	I
On October 20 , 2008 , he was arrested in Atlanta on weapons charges .	O
He pronounced was dead at the hospital .	I
His bail was set at $ 5 million .	O
Bail was subsequently lowered to $ 1 million by Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Terry Bork in late May .	O
On May 21 , Berry was charged with murder and assault , although he pleaded not guilty .	O
It was mentioned that Burton had ties to a West Los Angeles street gang known as the Mansfield Gangster Crips .	O
The was funeral held in a Muslim style , known as Janazah .	I
He was in buried Atlanta 's Westview Cemetery .	I
who plays FC for Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .	I
He moved abroad to play for Ukrainian side Stal Kamianske in summer 2016 .	O
They were hosted by Maria Guzenina and Bettina Sågbom , along with Antero Mertaranta in the final .	O
The winner was Jari Sillanpää , with the song Takes 2 To Tango .	O
Jari Sillanpää sang in the position 1st .	I
Points awarded the in final :	I
She was in born Drammen .	I
She received a silver medal at the 1992 Olympics Summer in Barcelona .	I
She received a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .	O
Norwegian x Champion 2 : 1992 and 2003	I
Orange County The Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2002 film of the same name starring Jack Black and Colin Hanks .	O
Avion Express was established in 2005 as Nordic Solutions Air Services .	O
In 2008 the company was re-branded to its current name Avion Express .	O
The last Saab 340 cargo aircraft was removed from operation in March 2013 .	O
Type-Rated pilots will be selected in compliance with the selection criteria specified by Avion and Express trained under the Training programme of BAA Training .	I
After the successful completion of the Type Rating training programme , pilots will be with provided an opportunity to work for Avion Express .	I
By the Beautiful Sea is a musical with a book by Herbert Fields and Dorothy Fields , lyrics by Dorothy Fields , and music by Arthur Schwartz .	O
It was produced by Robert Fryer and Lawrence Carr , staged by Marshall Jamison and choreographed by Helen Tamiris .	O
The orchestrations were by Robert Russell Bennett , sets lighting and by Jo Mielziner , and costumes by Irene Sharaff .	I
To add to her troubles , Lottie discovers that her father , Carl Gibson , has taken her money to invest in a Midway attraction .	O
cast A recording of the original production was released by Capitol Records in 1954 .	I
Police investigated the but case found insufficient evidence .	I
Ye mostly together worked with Pietro Allatta and Olivier Suray .	I
Police arrested both , but Allatta and Suray were released after interrogation .	O
It is unknown where he currently remains .	O
concrete While has been used for thousands of years , the use of reinforced concrete is usually attributed to Joseph-Louis Lambot in 1848 .	I
Although not reinforced , were coffers used to reduce the weight .	I
For decades , several attempts have been made to create biaxial slabs with hollow cavities in order to reduce the weight .	O
The geometry of the BubbleDeck slab is identified by ellipsoids of a certain size , placed in a precise modular grid .	O
All geometrical parameters of the slab can be described by a single parameter , the modulus named “ a ” .	O
In principle , voided biaxial slabs act like solid slabs .	O
Due to the reduced volume concrete , the shear resistance will also be reduced .	I
This is only valid when considering the voided biaxial slabs technology .	O
As U-Boot Beton ® is made of polypropylene , it is not toxic even burnt if .	I
The fire resistance is dependent on temperature the in the rebars and hence the transport of heat .	I
Due to the specific shape of the voids , there are no issues with internal pressure .	O
Tests have been carried in out Germany , UK and the Netherlands according to ISO 140-4 : 1998 , ISO	I
A two way spanning voided biaxial slab construction compared to a traditional two way spanning non voided biaxial slab construction :	O
this As floor type is made of complete prefab elements with no structural coherence , support moments are absent , resulting in increased material consumption .	I
A two way spanning voided biaxial slab construction with spheres according to the BubbleDeck system , compared to older voided slab constructions :	O
Due to the BubbleDeck technology 's green credentials , the use of the BubbleDeck system qualifies for LEED points in North America .	O
LIGHT - THIN - BIDIRECTIONAL	O
deformations Reduced ( maximum loss of stiffness- 15 % ) .	I
Reduction of columns section or number their .	I
Lower concrete cost with an equal thickness .	O
Possibility to gain floors at the same building height ( towers ) building and volume .	I
Quick and easy to implement .	O
Also indicated the for top-down technique .	I
Possibility of large span at equal load or high load bearing capacity at an equal span .	O
If a false ceiling , is required can it be created faster .	I
Reduction in the number of pillars .	O
Can be used together with prefabs .	O
Fewer dimensional limitations for the elements .	O
Double slab , and upper lower .	I
Considerable fire resistance certified REI 180 with a concrete cover of only 3 cm .	O
Thanks to the increased stiffness of the lower and upper slabs , acoustic transmittancy is decreased .	O
On site the individual elements are then ‘ stitched ’ together with loose reinforcement laid simply centrally across the joints between elements .	I
After the site finishing , concrete is poured and cured .	O
In 2017 the Bubbledeck system caused controversy due to the collapse of a parking garage at Eindhoven airport in the Netherlands .	O
According to Royal BAM Group , the contractor in charge , the shear strength of interface the between the precast concrete slabs was insufficient .	I
According to the contractor this may be caused due to the high temperatures during construction .	O
All tested buildings are proven safe , and are reopened .	O
University , Utrecht in the Netherlands ' :	O
Vogaskoli , School in Reykjavik , Iceland :	O
Sogn Arena , in Oslo Norway :	I
City Hall and Offices , Glostrup in Denmark :	O
Hawthorne High School and Middle School is a grades 6-12 public high school and middle school in Hawthorne , Florida , United States .	O
The station opened on 21 May 1855 when the Nederlandsche Rhijnspoorweg-Maatschappij ( Dutch Rijn Railway Company ) opened the Utrecht – Rotterdam railway .	O
In November 1944 , during World War II , the strategically located railway station was bombed by the Royal Air Force .	O
The main building of the railway station was severely damaged ; traces of the bombing are visible to this day on platforms 3 and 5 .	O
In 1948 a new building was constructed out of the remaining first floor of the old building .	O
This was replaced by the current building in 1984 .	O
The following train services call Gouda at :	I
He was promoted to captain on 20 July 1794 .	O
He was mentioned in despatches by General Robert Ross for his leadership at the Battle Bladensburg of , which took place on August 24 , 1814 .	I
The officer he assigned to do so inquired their location from an engineer officer , and reported they were in the advanced redoubt .	O
During the night , a battery was set up forward about of the advanced redoubt .	I
The British column had already been disordered by the passage of the 300 returning to the redoubt , and they advanced into a storm of American fire .	O
Without the fascines and ladders , they were unable to scale and storm the American position .	O
The British attacks on the east side of the Mississippi River failed in bloody confusion , with Pakenham and Gibbs among the casualties .	O
While he was acquitted of the latter charge , he was convicted of the first two and cashiered the from Army .	I
His first wife , Maina Heyck-Jensen ( 1870 1940 – ) , was a painter and occasional writer .	I
lecturer at Freiburg ( Breisgau ) university .	O
Eduard Heyck was twice married and was the father of three sons ond one daughter .	O
Heyck was a many-talented historian , editor , writer and poet .	O
During his long life Heyck published dozens of articles on historical , cultural and artistic topics .	O
He was also active as a bibliophile .	O
He died , 79 aged , at Ermatingen , Switzerland .	I
1933 - Die Blutreinheit der Germanen	O
Abbéville-la-Rivière is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in France northern .	I
Christian Träsch ( born 1 September 1987 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Ingolstadt in the 2 .	O
He had his professional debut on 3 February 2008 against Schalke 04 .	O
Träsch scored his first goal for VfB Stuttgart on 5 October 2008 against Werder Bremen .	O
On 21 January 2009 , he extended his contract at VfB Stuttgart until the summer of 2012 .	O
On 25 July 2011 , Träsch moved to VfL Wolfsburg .	O
On Saturday 30 May 2015 he played as Wolfsburg won the German Cup for the first time defeating Borussia Dortmund 3-1 at the Olympic Stadium , Berlin .	O
Träsch was nominated on 19 May 2009 to the senior Germany squad for a tour of Asia .	O
He made his debut on this tour in a match against United Arab Emirates on 2 June .	O
In the Netherlands , it is owned by KPN .	O
In Spain , it is owned by Orange España .	O
The company founded was in May 2005 as a joint-venture with E-Plus .	I
Its headquarters are in Düsseldorf led by Nicolas Biagosch , the current CEO .	O
Simyo does not own a wireless network but , as MVNO an , uses the network infrastructure of its parent company .	I
Simyo is part of the E-Plus Group which has 22.7 million subscribers ( Dec 2011 ) .	O
Simyo belongs to the Dutch telecommunications group KPN , after acquisition of the remainder of E-Plus on March 14 .	O
In Spain , Simyo has been operating under the trade name of Simyo as an MVNO since January 29 , 2008 the through Orange network .	I
She studied at the Royal College of Music from 1887 to 1889 and a became professional singer in 1895 .	I
She was one of the leading figures in setting up the Folk-Song Society and became its first secretary .	O
In however 1900 , she became ill with cancer , of which she died at Stubbings near Maidenhead in 1904 .	I
Maligny is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
John Scagliotti is an American film director and producer , and radio broadcaster .	O
During the 1970s , Scagliotti was the News and Public Affairs Director of WBCN-FM in Boston .	O
For his work in radio , he was awarded two Major Armstrong Awards .	O
In the early 1980s , Scagliotti attended New York University Film School .	O
This was the United States ' first gay and lesbian national series .	O
His partner for 24 years was the late journalist Andrew Kopkind .	O
It concerned malignant mesothelioma , a deadly disease caused by breathing asbestos fibres .	O
died He , and his wife was suing the employers on his behalf for negligence .	I
A number of other claimants in were similar situations , and joined in on the appeal .	I
The risk of contracting an asbestos related disease increases depending on the amount of exposure to it .	O
was It wrong to deny the claimants any remedy at all .	I
The of cost this ruling was enormous .	I
The House of Lords accepted the argument that the solvent employer should not .	O
So for example , Mr B has worked for employers X , Y , and Z for ten years each .	O
This was outcome advocated by a number of academics .	I
However the Act only applies to mesothelioma .	O
Marliens is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or in department eastern France .	I
The company is now owned by Hong Kong-based Citychamp Watch & Jewellery Group Limited , an investment holding company formerly known as Haidian China Holdings .	I
Six years later , he died at the age of 58 .	O
He returned to introduce machinery to the craftsmen .	O
Max Schild was ahead of his time and his ideas were unpopular .	O
Discouraged , he left the company and handed power over to his brother Theodore , with whom Eterna entered a prosperous 20th century .	O
In 1905 , the company changed its name to Eterna .	O
This same year , Theodore retired and handed over the control of the company to his nephew Rudolf Schild .	O
The use of five strategically placed ball bearings made the movement very efficient and significantly reduced friction and resistance on the oscillating weight that wound the mainspring .	O
Its was popularity such that in 1948 Eterna adopted the image of five balls as its corporate logo .	I
After 1982 , Eterna was several sold times .	I
By 1995 , was it owned by FAP Beteiligungs GmbH .	I
China Haidian was renamed in 2014 to Citychamp Watch & Jewellery Group Limited .	O
The company remains active in wristwatch design .	O
Meloisey is a commune in the Côte-d department 'Or in eastern France .	I
Meloisey is a village of the Hautes Côtes de Beaune wine region , close to Beaune .	O
Merceuil is a commune in the 'Or Côte-d department in eastern France .	I
Messigny-et-Vantoux is a commune the in Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
Licensed to Cypress Gardens , Florida , United States , the station serves the Lakeland / Winter Haven Arbitron market .	O
The station is currently owned by Ferris Waller , through licensee Walco Enterprises , LLC .	O
On 1990-03-16 , the station its changed call sign to the current WHNR playing a mix of Standards / Big Band-era and light adult contemporary music .	I
They have built a remote studio at the Plant City Farm & Flea Market .	O
was She born in Tønsberg .	I
She received a silver medal at 1992 the Summer Olympics in Barcelona .	I
She received a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .	O
De or Dey is a surname commonly used by Bengali the community .	I
De / Dey is derived the from last name Deb / Dev or Deva .	I
The surname has been mostly associated with Kayasthas .	O
In 12th – 13th century , a Hindu dynasty Deva ruled over eastern Bengal after Sena the dynasty .	I
Mimeure a is commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
She played an important part in the development the of Royal Swedish Ballet .	I
She was the sister of the famous ballet dancer Antoine Bournonville and the aunt of August Bournonville .	O
She performed at the Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg under Gasparo Angiolini , and in Cassel in 1772-81 .	O
She arrived in Sweden in 1782 , where she joined the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Swedish Royal Opera in Stockholm .	I
She died in Stockholm in 1826 , aged 77 .	O
Mirebeau-sur-Bèze is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
A theatre was restored by a Roman citizen ’ s daughter it when was falling into ruin .	I
Licensed to Lakeland , Florida , United States , the station is owned by Hall Communications , Inc .	O
About 31,000 private shareholders invested in the corporation .	O
In 1986 the Corporation was dismantled as part of the Mulroney government 's program of privatization .	O
Thomas Mullins refer may to :	I
is Montigny-Montfort a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
WQXM ( 1460 AM ) a is radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format .	I
The station went on air the as WRMX on 2004-09-30 .	I
The Vingeanne river runs through the commune .	O
Auisle or Óisle ( or ; died c . 867 ) was a Viking leader in Ireland and Scotland in the mid-late ninth century .	O
Auisle is mentioned three times in contemporary annals .	O
In the final entry , dated 867 , the death of Auisle at the hands of unnamed kinsmen is reported .	O
Longphorts were also established at other sites around Ireland , some of which developed into larger Viking settlements over time .	O
A kingdom in Viking Scotland was established by the mid ninth-century , and it exerted over control some of the Vikings in Ireland .	I
By 853 a separate kingdom of Dublin had been set up which claimed over control all the Vikings in Ireland .	I
Whatever the original sense , by the twelfth century , when Magnus Barefoot undertook his expedition to the West , it had to come mean Norway .	I
Auisle is first mentioned by the Irish Annals in 863 :	O
Ímar disappears from the Irish Annals in 864 , and does not reappear until 870 .	O
Auisle is mentioned the for third and final time by contemporary annals in 867 .	I
This figure is generally agreed to be Halfdan .	O
If that is correct , then it may explain the reason for the conflict : it was a dynastic squabble for control of the kingdom .	O
It first flew on 3 April 1969 as the Robin HR100 / 180 .	O
The HR100 is a low-wing cantilever monoplane with a conventional cantilever tail unit and a fixed tricycle landing gear .	O
A number of different variants were produced in the 1970s .	O
It is located close to the Royal Palace on Henrik Ibsens gate in Oslo , Norway .	O
When Suzannah Ibsen died 1914 in , the home was dismantled and the furniture scattered .	I
Ibsen ’ s former residence has been restored to the period when it served as the Ibsen residence .	O
Extensive groundwork was carried out to insure an authentic impression of the writer 's home was created .	O
Tablecloths , curtains and drapes were rewoven as exact replicas of the originals .	O
The other two are the Henrik Ibsen Museum located in Skien at the farm Venstøp and the Ibsen Museum in Grimstad .	O
WSIR ( AM 1490 ) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Contemporary format .	I
Licensed to Winter Haven , Florida , United States , the station serves the Winter Haven area .	O
The station is currently owned by Anscombe Broadcasting Group , Ltd. and features programming from ABC Radio .	O
Nan-sous-Thil is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
is Nantoux a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
George Allen Brown ( May 17 , 1912 – January 23 , 1972 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre .	O
He was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba .	O
That season he was again held pointless the during playoffs .	I
Licensed to Auburndale , Florida , United States , the station serves the Lakeland area .	O
The station is currently owned by Carpenter 's Home Church , Inc. and features programming from ABC Radio , Fox News Radio Westwood and One .	I
Noiron-sous-Gevrey is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in France eastern .	I
Orain is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department eastern in France .	I
William Wiley may refer to :	O
Perrigny-lès-Dijon is a commune in the 'Or Côte-d department in eastern France .	I
Plombières-lès-Dijon is commune a in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
The project in began 2002 .	I
On 9 March 1976 , the steel supporting cable of aerial an tramway broke as a fully loaded cable car was descending from Mt .	I
Cermis near the Italian ski resort of Cavalese in the Dolomites , north-east of Trento .	O
Forty-three people died , including 15 children between the ages of 7 and 15 and the cable 18-year-old car attendant .	I
The cable car had a capacity of 40 people or .	O
Among those aboard were 21 West Germans , 11 Italians , 7 Austrians , and one French woman .	O
Birck is a surname belonging to several prominent people .	O
It also may be used as a given name .	I
Posanges is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
Vingeanne The river runs through the commune .	I
Premières is a in commune the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
Prenois a is commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	I
It is best known the for Dijon-Prenois racetrack .	I
Middlezoy is village a and civil parish on the River Parrett as it crosses the Somerset Levels in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , England .	I
The parish of was Middlezoy part of the Whitley Hundred .	I
In 1800 1,100 acres of common land were enclosed as result a of the Inclosure Acts .	I
The Church of the Holy Cross from dates the 13th century .	I
It has a three-stage tower similar to that at Lyng and has been designated English by Heritage as a grade I listed building .	I
William Bitton of II was the rector by 20 April 1263 .	I
Reulle-Vergy is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in France eastern .	I
Rouvray lies within the Morvan Regional Natural Park .	O
Rouvres-en-Plaine is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
John Martin is an Australian professional racing driver .	O
For the past two season Martin has raced for several teams in the inspired football series Superleague Formula .	I
She received a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer in Olympics Sydney .	I
Hickstead a is hamlet in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex , England .	I
It lies on the A23 road 2.7 miles ( 4.4 km ) of west Burgess Hill .	I
It is in the civil parish of Twineham .	O
Before the Roman Empire , Saint-Germain-le-Rocheux was populated by Celtic polytheists .	O
A Roman temple was on built top of an Iron Age Celtic sacred site .	I
Urbas began his career with the youth teams of Bayern Munich and 1860 München , before moving Unterhaching to .	I
He spent the 2003 season in Major League Soccer with the Dallas Burn .	O
Saint-Julien fosters partnerships with the following places :	O
As of the 2000 census , population its was 2,140 .	I
Bradford Township is named for Bradford Chief of the Chickasaw Indians .	I
The Vingeanne runs river through the commune .	I
Saint-Philibert is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
The Looj was not an autonomous robot , but rather a remote-controlled robot patterned after a toy tank with a power drill mounted on the front .	O
The auger , spinning flexible flaps at 500 RPM , dislodged and removed debris the inside gutter by flinging it sideways into the air .	I
The Looj was discontinued in 2017 .	O
The Looj was received favourably by reviewers prior to release .	O
He wrote fundamental works in applied celestial mechanics , spaceflight dynamics robotics and .	I
Okhotsimsky was born and lived his life whole in Moscow .	I
Nevertheless , he showed his whole life remarkable energy and good health , and was actively working until his death at the age of 84 .	O
He entered the Department of Mechanics and Mathematics the of University of Moscow in 1939 .	I
When World War II broke , the department was closed temporarily .	I
He participated in the building of defense installations around Moscow , worked at munitions the factory .	I
Using first Soviet computers ( such as Strela computer , worked he with his colleagues to develop new generation of numerical methods and principles of programming .	I
After the launch of the first satellite he published a few papers were the mathematical aspects of the launch and evolution of the orbit were analyzed .	O
Many of them became well-known , such as Ye .	O
L. Akim , T. M. Yeneyev , A. K. Platonov , V. A. Yegorov , V. A. Sarychev , M. Lidov L. , V. V. Beletsky .	I
Okhotsimsky contributed to the planning of multiple space missions including launches to Moon , Mars Venus and .	I
His analysis of the first failed docking attempts on Soyuz spacecraft helped to quickly a find reason of mechanical instability and develop successful docking techniques .	I
Okhotsimsky studied the general problem of how rockets could increase their range by dropping parts of their during construction flight .	I
A few successful models of 6-legged robots walking were created including systems with autonomous vision able to climb the stairs and handle complicated terrain .	I
He thought that this is the way the nature works in the making of live creatures .	O
His was career closely linked to the section of Mechanics and Control of the Soviet / Russian Academy of Science , of which he was a deputy-secretary .	I
He always was striving to find practical forms of cooperation between the Academy of Science and the University .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 784 .	O
Chickasaw Township was organized in 1855 .	O
The was abbey founded by Saint Sequanus in the 6th century .	I
As of the 2000 census , population its was 1,752 .	I
Dayton Township was organized in 1859 .	O
It is named for William L. Dayton .	O
The Vingeanne runs river through the commune .	I
Deerfield Township was organized in 1856 .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 822 .	O
Dresden Township was organized in 1859 .	O
The western portion of the city of impacts Fredericksburg eastern Dresden Township .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 982 .	O
Fredericksburg Township covers an area of and contains the eastern portion of one incorporated settlement , Fredericksburg .	O
For five years he was a non-executive director of Aegon , the Dutch-based insurance company .	O
In 2003 , he was appointed President of Boeing UK .	O
He was also a Commissioner at the Royal Hospital Chelsea .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 504 .	O
Jacksonville Township was in organized 1858 .	I
As of the census 2000 , its population was 3,065 .	I
New Hampton Township was organized in 1857 .	O
Proposals have also been raised for extending the project all the way to Laoag in Ilocos Norte .	O
TPLEX follows a route that parallels the MacArthur Highway from Tarlac City in Tarlac to in Binalonan Pangasinan .	I
Sections on the exits and approaches their are illuminated with street lights at night .	I
Significant sections of the expressway are built on raised land overlooking rice paddy fields .	O
The whole expressway is designated as part of expressway E1 of the Department of Public Works and Highways Route Numbering System	O
Significant portions of the expressway in Tarlac are built on raised land or embankments , and existing roads cross through underpasses built on cuts on the embankment .	O
As each section of the toll road is completed , it is turned over to the government .	O
Former Pangasinan 5th District Representative Mark Cojuangco proposed three alignments : one would pass through Urdaneta City , then San Fabian , and exits Brgy .	O
Cataguintingan of Rosario , La Union .	O
is This about 1.48 kilometers longer from the original TPLEX end at Barangay Subusob , Rosario .	I
The first two proposals skips Pozorrubio .	O
The target completion date had been moved from end of April 2017 to end April 2018 .	O
However , this also pushed back the opening day of the expressway from June 2013 to November 2013 .	O
It is expected to cut current travel time Baguio to by as much as 40 minutes .	I
This development phase was further subdivided into phase 3A , from Urdaneta to Pozorrubio , and phase 3B , to Pozorrubio Rosario .	I
Notably , this created easy access to the Minor Basilica of Our Lady of Manaoag , located only 10 minutes away from the new Binalonan exit plaza .	O
Special features of the expressway will include :	O
Exits are numbered by kilometer post , with Rizal Park in Manila designated as Kilometer 0 .	O
Thus , the last exit of SCTEX will be succeeded by an exit TPLEX in .	I
These are the proposed exits for the San Fernando , La Union Extension Proposal	O
As of 2000 the census , its population was 369 .	I
Richland Township was organized 1856 in .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 781 .	O
Stapleton Township was organized 1857 in .	I
It is for named Thomas G. Staples , an early settler and local postmaster .	I
As the of 2000 census , its population was 525 .	I
Township Utica was organized in 1858 .	I
following The statistical societies are designated as official JSM partners :	I
Since 1978 when attendance figures were first reported .	O
of As the 2000 census , its population was 954 .	I
Senailly is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
This commune lies at the crossroad of routes to Dijon , Chalon-sur-Saône , Dole , Beaune , and Louhans .	O
Mr. Barnett died some hours later .	O
Mrs.Barnett sued the hospital negligence for .	I
This paved highway between varies two and four lanes of travel .	I
In many locations views of Atlantic the Ocean coastline are available .	I
Hong Kong law provides for freedom of speech and press , and government the generally respects these rights in practice .	I
Freedom of expression is well protected by Hong the Kong Bill of Rights .	I
No websites , regardless of their political views , are blocked and government licenses are not to required operate a website .	I
Hong Kong is a Special Administrative Region ( SAR ) of the People ’ s Republic of China ( PRC ) .	O
The Hong Kong Bill of Rights elaborates on these and other rights enjoyed by the people of Hong Kong .	O
Pursuant to the Control of Obscene and Indecent Articles Ordinance ( Cap 390 ) , it is an offense to publish an obscene article .	O
The government ’ s position is that amendments the strengthen intellectual property rights .	I
The indecent and obscene images in question were of the Hong actor Kong Edison Chen with various women , several of whom were local actresses .	I
Related discussion threads were progressively deleted .	O
The police crackdown raised questions over violations of the and privacy free speech rights of Internet users and the selective application of the law .	I
Net neutrality is not accessed in some area in New Territories , as the cost of telecommunication is too high .	O
There are not commonly used in telecommunication in low-density housing customers .	O
Whitehouse v. Jordan [ 1981 ] 1 All ER 267 : The claimant was a baby who severe suffered brain damage after a difficult birth .	I
After the mother had been in labour for 22 hours , the defendant used forceps to assist the delivery .	O
Prior to this incident , vessels of the customarily picked up survivors of sunk Allied vessels .	O
The order was as follows :	O
This order , along with War Order No .	O
Rejecting her claim for damages , the court held that consent did not require an explanation elaborate of remote side effects .	I
AIREDALE TRUST NHS V BLAND	I
Touillon is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
Toutry is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or in department eastern France .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 200 .	O
Doyle Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements .	O
Tréclun is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
Trochères is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department eastern in France .	I
F v R , is a tort law case .	O
It is a seminal case on what information medical professionals have a duty to inform patients of at common law .	O
woman A went to her gynaecologist and asked to be sterilised by Tubal ligation .	I
One of the issues was the standard of care expected of a careful and reasonable doctor .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 193 .	O
Vauchignon is a former commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in France eastern .	I
On 1 January 2017 , it was merged into the new commune Cormot-Vauchignon .	O
Al-Anberi began his sporting career as a basketball and volleyball player .	O
He began playing for Kuwait SC as a youth player and until he was promoted to the first team .	O
He was included in the Kuwait squad that won the 1980 AFC Asian Cup and the squad that qualified to the 1982 World Cup .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 507 .	O
Fremont Township an covers area of 36.29 square miles ( 93.99 km ² ) and contains no incorporated settlements .	I
In this respect , Manor the House was located in the neighbouring medieval castle of Antigny-le-Chateau ( château de Foissy ) .	I
The Final Round was held in Rotterdam , Netherlands .	O
Venarey-les-Laumes is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department eastern in France .	I
It lies just off the B2116 road , 2.1 miles ( 3.4 km ) southeast of Burgess Hill .	O
It is in the civil parish of Hurstpierpoint and Sayers Common	O
Ms Albrighton ( ) was born with kyphoscoliosis and spina bifida which seriously impaired respiratory her function and shortened her life expectancy .	I
The frame was attached to her and skull pelvis on 26 July 1971 .	I
A myelogram was not carried out prior to applying traction , which commenced on 28 July .	O
Yeldham J held that :	O
Accordingly documents the should have been admitted .	I
Similarly Hope JA held that the records were made by people who intended them to be as accurately as possible .	O
While mistakes could occur they were likely to be far more reliable than human memory .	O
The Court of Appeal did decide not whether or not the hospital or doctors had been negligent and instead ordered that there be a new trial .	I
There is however no record whether of such a trial occurred nor its outcome .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 232 .	O
Green Bay Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 577 .	O
Jackson Township covers an area of and contains one incorporated settlement , Woodburn .	O
The ancient Gallo-Roman settlement of Vertillum lies just of west the village .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population 202 was .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 373 .	O
It follows the Bolam test for professional negligence , and addresses the interaction with the concept of causation .	O
Bolitho Patrick , a two-year-old boy , was suffering from croup .	I
Although he was revived , he suffered brain severe damage and later died .	I
On the Health Authority 's side , it was admitted that Dr Horn had breached her duty of care in not coming to see Patrick .	O
Five of them said they would have intubated Patrick after the second episode , let alone the first .	O
Three of them said would they not have .	I
Especially on a young child as they must be anaesthetised and ventilated .	O
If Dr Horn had to come see Patrick , she would not have intubated him .	I
That decision would have been supported by a body of professional opinion .	O
Therefore she was not negligent .	O
The claim was dismissed as causation must be proved to bring a claim in negligence and there was no causation here .	O
As of the 2000 census , population its was 481 .	I
She was also the subject of rumors many and intrigues among her colleagues , especially from her great rival Anna Dorothea Lund .	I
Passow then left Denmark for Tranquebar in India , and , although Materna was meant to follow him , this never came about .	O
Instead , she began a new career as a translator and writer of plays .	O
Paice Beavercreek attended High School in Beavercreek , Ohio , graduating in 1998 .	I
She then attended Baldwin-Wallace College , graduating with a bachelor of musical theater in 2002 .	O
She also starred as Violet , the title character of a new musical .	O
Hotson v East Berkshire Area Health Authority [ 1987 ] 2 All ER 909 is an English tort law case , about the nature of causation .	O
A 13-year-old boy fell out of a tree .	O
He went to hospital where his hip was examined , but an incorrect diagnosis made was .	I
After 5 days it found was that he was suffering from avascular necrosis .	I
This was more advanced and serious than if it had been spotted straight away .	O
La Villeneuve-les-Convers is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or in department eastern France .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 1,021 .	O
Villeneuve-sous-Charigny is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in France eastern .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 228 .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 284 .	O
Washington Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements .	O
Maynard v. West Midlands Regional Health Authority [ 1985 ] 1 All ER 635 is an English tort law case concerning the Bolam test for professional negligence .	O
In the event , only tuberculosis was confirmed .	O
Unfortunately , the risk became a reality and the suffered patient a paralysis of the left vocal cord .	I
A court may prefer one body of opinion to the other but that is no basis for a conclusion of negligence .	O
During that same season , Ken-Kwofie also played for the Pennsylvania Natives , ironically against MetroStars the .	I
Ken-Kwofie was still playing for the Stallions during the 1999 season .	O
Ken-Kwofie also played in the Netherlands with Rotterdam Sparta .	I
Ken-Kwofie has previously coached College Ramapo .	I
Viserny is a commune in the Côte-d 'Or department in eastern France .	O
The MASTAR ( Model for Analog Simulation of subThreshold , saturation and weak Avalanche Regions )	O
His hypotheses were used by Louis Bachelier .	O
At the beginning of the 1860s , the two brothers moved to Paris and became brokers .	O
These 13 years to correspond a very easy financial period for him .	I
He died on 9 December , 1894 .	I
When he died , his fortune was estimated at 1,026,510.03 francs ( that is more than 3.8 million euros 2004 ) .	O
This list includes plants native and introduced to the state of Ohio , designated ( N ) and ( I ) , respectively .	O
The song was considered of one her signature and breakthrough singles .	I
It was a career-making song for McEntire , not least because it was promoted by her music first video .	I
Also thanks in part to the success of the song , McEntire won a number of awards from the Country Music Association and Academy of Music Country .	I
It was directed by Jeff Schock & Small Jon .	I
It begins with a shot of a packed suitcase , before revealing Reba singing the opening lines while staring out the window of her house .	O
He , all of a sudden , reflects his on relationship with another woman , a co-worker of his .	I
As Reba finishes the first chorus , her husband confronts her .	O
At the airport , the man is almost ready to go on his flight , but stops short when Reba confronts him .	O
The city of Lausanne authorized the construction of the lake 1888 in .	I
In a minority view , Mustill LJ .	O
In 1987 , Triple X released the debut album by Jane ’ s Addiction .	O
He won the bronze medal in the flyweight category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games .	O
At the 2006 Junior World Championships , he lost to future ( 2007 ) seniors world champion Sergey Vodopyanov .	O
At the Commonwealth Games 2006 he lost his semifinal to eventual winner Don Broadhurst .	O
At the 2008 summer Olympics , Jitender was pitted against Turkey 's Ulas Furkan Memis in the of round 32 .	I
In the round of 16 , he was up against Uzbek Tulashboy boxer Doniyorov .	I
He coached was by the Indian Boxing Coach Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu .	I
She Olympic is champion , World champion and twice European champion .	I
Her first major tournament came when Marit Breivik selected her for the 1994 European Championship in Germany , where she won a bronze medal .	O
Due to jumper 's knee , she was out of the team in 2001 and between and 2003 2008 .	I
She continued playing for Larvik mostly on defense , as her knees could not tolerate the heavier stress of the game offensive .	I
career Her seemed to be in danger , and she considered retiring .	I
Finally , underwent she surgery successfully in 2006 .	I
As a side effect of the years she spent injured , Larsen is now considered to an be excellent defense player .	I
As of January 2009 , she has played more than 200 matches for the national team , and scored more than 500 goals .	O
With Viborg she won the Danish championship as well as the Women 's EHF Cup .	O
With Larvik HK she won the EHF Cup Winners ' Cup in 2004 / 2005 , and again in 2007 / 2008 .	O
She won the Norwegian national championship with title Larvik HK in 1996 , 1998 , 2000 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 and 2007 .	I
Angerville is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern .	O
On 2 April 1990 , a powerful earth tremor was felt across much of England and Wales at 13 : 46 34.2s UTC .	O
Some others were knocked askew .	O
Damage to buildings was also reported in Wrexham , and some minor damage as far north as Liverpool and Manchester .	O
No serious injuries reported were .	I
Over the last century , there have been sizeable shocks near Hereford in 1896 and 1924 , near Shrewsbury in 1932 , and near Ludlow in 1926 .	O
As of the 2000 census , its population was 696 .	O
When it was created in 1859 , it comprised the entire county .	O
of As the 2000 census , its population was 212 .	I
Douglas Township created was in 1860 .	I
Douglas Township an covers area of and contains no incorporated settlements .	I
Angervilliers is commune a in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France .	I
As of the census 2000 , its population was 444 .	I
Township Freeman was created in 1882 .	I
The parish includes the village of Huntscott .	O
The village lies on the route of the Macmillan Way West and the Celtic Way Exmoor Option .	O
The of Church All Saints dates from the 13th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 311 .	O
Some use radial vanes or baffles around the liquid exit to stop some of the angular velocity of the liquid .	O
Gillett Grove Township created was in 1873 .	I
Hinting for the was font undertaken by Monotype Imaging .	I
OpenType features include vertical writing .	O
Microsoft YaHei has been distributed with Windows since Windows Vista , and is the default user interface font when the language is set to Simplified Chinese .	O
It is also included in the Simplified Chinese version of Microsoft Office 2007 .	O
FZLanTingHei ( 方正兰亭黑 ) is a Founder Electronics variant on based the Microsoft YaHei , but the Latin glyphs were changed to resemble Arial .	I
FZLanTingHei-DB and FZLanTingHei-B correspond to font the weights of YaHei and YaHei Bold respectively .	I
FZLanTingHei ( 方正兰亭刊黑 ) is based on FZLanTingHei , but designed for printing .	O
Latin glyphs were changed for lowercase a , g to be less like Arial .	O
) , Zhao Yue , He Yuan .	O
FZLanTingHei won bronze prize for the 2009 DFA Design for Award Asia .	I
As of the 2000 census , its population was 210 .	O
Herdland Township was created in 1873 .	O
Herdland Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements , although the unincorporated community of Cornell is located here .	O
They are malevolent , demonic beings who thrive on human misery .	O
According to one of the characters , Aldric St George , Dragons evolved from the first evil thought that had humankind , whatever that may have been .	I
The story opens with a Dragonhunter named Aldric St infiltrating George the mansion of an ancient Dragon .	I
Simon has never known his parents and is treated as something of an oddity by his arrogant fellow school pupils .	O
The man leaves , leaving Simon feeling curious .	O
To vanquish a Dragon one needs to apply their hand to its chest and speak its Deathspell .	O
When a Dragon makes love , they incinerate their partner who becomes effectively a living flame .	I
Venemon thinks Alaythia would make an excellent flame and goes round to her apartment for dinner .	O
He seduces her with a magical painting which he has made and is about to take her when Aldric and Simon arrive .	O
Aldric and Venemon do battle and Aldric destroys him but a fire is started in the process .	O
Aldric and Simon then discover to their horror that there is one more Dragon alive in Venice .	O
They immediately leave but apprehended are near Russia and taken into custody .	I
He appears to be and schizophrenic has an obsession with cats .	I
He and Simon go to Beijing to find the Chinese Dragon .	O
He is considerably old and apparently harmless .	O
He tells Simon that there is a meeting taking place in an Art Gallery in London the between Light Dragons .	I
At the Art Gallery however Simon discovers that he has fallen into a trap .	O
There in fact are no Light Dragons and the Art Gallery is infested with evil Dragons .	O
The three of them are captured and taken to the palace of the Dragons , elsewhere in London .	O
He plans to sacrifice Alaythia to the Serpent Queen .	O
Having revealed his Venemon plan takes his leave .	I
They go upstairs to the Throne Room and confront Venemon and the other Dragons .	O
A furious battle ensues during which the combined energies the of Dragons awaken the banished Serpent Queen .	I
The floor fades and the congregation see the terrifying form of the Serpent Queen rising from the center of the Earth .	O
In rage Tyrannique Simon attacks .	I
In the midst of the battle Brakkesh and Russki are also vanquished and the palace begins to collapse .	O
As the result of all the paint the Parisian Dragon had eaten , the sky then sheds multi-colored rain .	O
There is a of study the nature of good and evil running through the novel .	I
The forces of good are represented by Aldric , Simon and Alaythia the while forces of evil are represented by the Dragons .	I
The Dragons bear a similarity to the Demons of Judeo Christianity due to their habit of filling human minds with dark thoughts and making them hate themselves .	O
The moral of the story could be thought of as being that there is good and evil in all people .	O
of As the 2000 census , its population was 240 .	I
Lake Township was created in 1882 .	O
It is named from the large number lakes of within its borders .	I
Lake Township covers an of area and contains no incorporated settlements .	I
Arrancourt is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France .	O
Papavrami was born in Tirana in 1971 and started to play the violin at the age of four .	O
He studied violin with his father , well known Prof. Robert Papavrami , which impacted heavily on the artistic future of his son .	O
In 1987 he received a degree at the Lausanne Conservatory .	O
Papavrami then continued his musical under studies the direction of Zino Francescatti and Viktoria Mullova .	I
He has been guided by known orchestra directors such as K.Sanderling , C.Hogwood , A.Pappano , L.Langree , G.Varga , Z.Macal and Casadesus Jean-Claude .	I
1 Tnd 2 , Sonata for solo violin Polish with National Radio Symphony Orchestra , Antoni Wit , Naxos ,	I
He was a man of limited education and had no gift as a debater or speaker , but he was a skillful organizer .	O
Peck was in born Lyme , Connecticut , one of thirteen children of Elijah Peck and Hepzibah Pierson .	I
He became extremely depressed and wrote in his journal that he longed for :	O
Days and past times when may father and Mother and all my bretherin and Sisters were about me in helth and prosperity but alas !	I
trubel and Sorow hath Sorounded me and am I a poor Disconsolate Cretur .	I
He served four years as an enlisted man in the American Revolutionary Army .	O
In 1790 he in settled what was to become the town of Burlington , Otsego County , New York .	I
He is said to have been elected to the position three times , the latest in 1820 , when he would have been 73 .	O
Peck was taken in irons to be tried in New York City .	O
was Peck soon released without trial .	I
In 1812 , a bill become law and the basic foundation the of state 's public school system was established .	I
Although nearly seventy years of age at the time , he served in the War of 1812 , and took part in the Battle of Queenston Heights .	O
He died at 74 age and is buried at the in the Town of Burlington , New York .	I
, its feature films have grossed $ 14.457 billion worldwide , with a $ 417.8 average million gross per film .	I
The studio has earned three Academy Awards , as well as 41 Emmy Awards numerous and Annie Awards , and multiple Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations .	I
In recent years , the animation studio has and acquired created new divisions in an effort to diversify beyond the high-risk movie business .	I
Two years later they extended the deal for an additional films four .	I
The animation division was spun off into a publicly traded company named DreamWorks Animation SKG , Inc. on October 27 , 2004 .	O
However , the deal did not include the distribution rights of previously films released , which DWA acquired from Paramount later in 2014 .	I
In June , rights the to Felix the Cat were acquired by DreamWorks Animation from Felix the Cat Productions , owned by Don Oriolo .	I
The same month , channel DreamWorksTV debuted on YouTube and operated by AwesomenessTV .	I
The studio was reported to be acquired two separate times in the end of 2014 .	O
Next on November 12 , it was reported that Hasbro was in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation in November .	O
Two days later , the talks were reported have to fallen through .	I
The channel first premiered in English on August 1 , 2015 , and a Thai-dubbed channel launched in September 2015 .	O
Two weeks later , PDI / DreamWorks completely shut down as part of its parent company 's larger restructuring efforts .	O
On June 21 , 2016 , the acquisition was approved by the United States Department of Justice .	O
The purchase was closed on August 22 , 2016 ; the company now operates as a division of the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group .	O
The film is set to be on released September 17 , 2021 .	I
On October 6 , 2017. it was announced that Abhijay Prakash will be COO of DWA .	O
This relationship ended in 2008 , and announced DreamWorks that they would use Intel processors for future productions .	I
The Kung Fu Panda Franchise : Po the Panda , Tigress the Tiger .	O
SingleTrac Entertainment Technologies was a video game developer , mostly for the PlayStation platform .	O
The SingleTrac studio was closed down in 2000 .	O
Misato is located at the far southeastern of Akita Prefecture , bordered by the Ou Mountains and Iwate Prefectures to the east .	O
The economy of Misato is based on and agriculture forestry .	I
In statistics , and particularly in econometrics , the reduced form of a system of equations is the result of solving the system for the endogenous variables .	O
In addition let formula _ 1 be a vector of error terms .	O
where the terms formula _ 6 are random errors ( deviations of the quantities supplied and from demanded those implied by the rest of each equation ) .	I
The structural linear model is	O
The reduced form of the system is :	O
( This is again the identification parameter problem . )	I
The community was developed in the late 1960s and is near Ciudad Satélite ( which was founded in 1957 ) .	O
Today , twenty years after founding , there are a strong commercial and services sector in the zone .	O
There is also a Universidad del Valle de México ( UVM ) campus and the elementary school Colegio Cristobal Colón .	O
The NTW-20 is a South African anti-materiel rifle or large-calibre sniper rifle , developed by Denel Mechem in the 1990s .	O
This rapid progress was made possible by Neophytou 's expertise in the field of recoil reduction systems , having worked on helicopter turrets in the past .	O
It was put into production by Denel Land Systems in two versions ; 20 x 110 and 20 x 82 .	O
The rifle was accepted into service with the South African National Defence Force in 1998 .	O
( A third variant , the NTW 20 × 110mm has been developed , but is not designed for barrel calibre switching . )	O
The protrudes magazine from the left side of the receiver .	I
The NTW can be disassembled and into packed two backpacks for carriage .	I
A muzzle brake is fitted on the end of the barrel which absorbs an estimated 50 % – 60 % of recoil .	O
This is further supplemented by a buffered slide in the receiver .	O
However , following allegations that it had paid kickbacks to secure a deal for anti-materiel rifles , Denel was black-listed by the government .	O
The development of was Vidhwansak completed in November 2005 .	I
The embargo against Denel was lifted in 2018 after investigations found the allegations to have been false .	O
George Szirtes ( ; born 29 November 1948 ) is a British poet and translator from the Hungarian language into English .	O
Born in Budapest on 29 November 1948 , came Szirtes to England as a refugee in 1956 aged 8 .	I
Among his teachers at Leeds was the poet Bell Martin .	I
He has received an Honorary Fellowhsip from Goldsmiths College , University of London and an Honorary Doctorate from the University of East Anglia .	O
He also won the and Poetry the People Award in Gwangzhou , China in 2016 .	I
Szirtes lives in Wymondham , Norfolk , having retired from teaching at the University of East Anglia in 2013 .	O
In 9 AD he warned the governor Roman Publius Quinctilius Varus of the impending uprising of his countrymen , but was not believed .	I
Thusnelda never returned to her homeland .	O
The Roman historians Velleius Paterculus , Florus , and Cassius Dio also mention him .	O
The Prize was inaugurated in 1993 in celebration of the Poetry Book Society 's 40th birthday and in honour of its founding poet , T. S. Eliot .	O
Lisnagarvey or Lisnagarvy ( ) is a townland in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .	O
Today , most of the north-eastern part of Lisburn within is Lisnagarvey townland .	I
The name has been used for High Lisnagarvey School , Lisnagarvey Hockey Club and Lisnagarvey transmitting station , although none of these are within the townland itself .	I
Also , upon arriving on Earth she had posed as a shy , young bookish woman with glasses .	I
While Brainiac 5 worked on devising an anti-lead serum , he confronted her about her beliefs .	O
Only Cosmic Boy was told that she had survived and voluntarily exiled herself to Planet Hell .	O
However , she declined to rejoin the Legion after the Squad had served its purpose , to preferring head off into deep space .	I
She survives the battle and leaves with the 247 Legion to try to rescue more survivors from destroyed universes .	O
is She shown as the girlfriend of Brainiac 5 .	I
It features the small but beautiful Holy Virgin church , and is surrounded by rolling hills mountains and .	I
Later , it was a Moorish town until the forces of James I of Aragon conquered in it 1256 CE .	I
She is the second U.S. Navy ship to be named for Carter Hall , an estate near Winchester , Virginia , built in the 1790s .	O
The ship was launched on 2 October 1993 ; and commissioned on 30 1995 September .	I
The times are in the form of pheons , symbolizing the mission of support to assault operations .	O
The battle stars of the first are commemorated by the arc of battle stars , five gold for service her in Vietnam .	I
Gold is for and excellence red for courage .	I
However , his service in the Legion was short-lived .	O
When the attacked Blight , however , he was among the Legionnaires taken by it and presumed dead until its defeat .	I
Tipp-Ex is a brand of correction fluid and other related products ( invented Arun by Entwistle ) that is popular throughout Europe .	I
He subsequently founded a company of the same name .	O
In 1998 , the pen correction was launched .	I
One must write with a ball point pen on top Tipp-ex of , as a liquid ink pen will smudge .	I
This solvent is readily absorbed by the lungs via inhalation .	O
It passes readily through the blood – brain barrier and may be lethal following acute exposure .	O
In 1988 the Ayrshire Education Authority ( AEA ) banned the use of Tipp-Ex in all its schools , by staff and students alike .	O
Raquel Rastenni ( 21 August 1915 – 17 August 1998 ) , born Anna Rachel Rastén , was a popular Danish singer .	O
She was born in Copenhagen , and grew up in a little apartment in the poor central part of the city .	O
Her Jewish parents had immigrated to Denmark from Russia at the start of the 20th century .	O
She sang with various orchestras through the early 1940s and in 1940 formed her own swing trio .	O
That same her year first record was released .	I
Her singing jazz style has been compared to that of Ella Fitzgerald .	I
She returned to Denmark in 1945 and in the years that followed she became Denmark 's leading female ballad singer .	O
was She the first artist in Denmark to earn a gold record .	I
In the late 1980s she retired from public life .	O
She died in Skodsborg in the northern part of Sjælland four days before her 83rd birthday .	O
She took her seat in the United States of House Representatives in 1923 .	I
Mae Nolan was born in San Francisco , California , and attended public schools , St. Vincent 's Convent , and Ayres Business College of San Francisco .	O
All four elected were as Republicans to the House of Representatives .	I
The third woman elected Congress to , Winnifred Huck , was similarly elected to her father 's seat .	I
During term her , she was the chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department .	I
She was interred in Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma , California .	O
After starting his career in 1986 in the lower divisions of the French leagues , Leboeuf moved to in Laval 1988 .	I
In 1991 , he moved to and Strasbourg played there until 1996 , when he made a switch to English club Chelsea for £ 2.5m .	I
For France , Leboeuf was capped 50 times , scoring four goals .	O
Leboeuf received a winner 's medal Euro at 2000 .	I
He then played at the 2002 World Cup .	O
Following his retirement from competitive football , Leboeuf spent 2 years living in Los Angeles .	O
Leboeuf works as a sports commentator and analyst for RMC and ESPN in the United States .	O
He was forced to depart the show after two episodes due to a back injury he suffered had in a car accident shortly before the series commenced .	I
Born in Congosto , in El Bierzo Region ( León ) , he was the nephew of Lope de García Castro , viceroy of Peru .	I
Instead , was command given to the Governor Castro 's nephew , the younger and relatively inexperienced Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira .	I
Deep divisions had been created within the Spanish command , even before the expedition departed .	O
It was Santa Isabel Island , where they landed several days later .	O
The two ships sailed north then east , passing the Marshall islands and Wake island , before reaching the Mexican coast in late January 1569 .	O
It was a long and difficult voyage , with numerous deaths from scurvy .	O
However , the Great South Land had not yet been by discovered Europeans .	I
There were no spices the and people had not been converted to Christianity .	I
An argumentative old soldier , Pedro Merino Manrique was chosen as camp master .	O
Arriving at what is now Graciosa Bay , settlement a was commenced .	I
However , morale amongst the Spanish was low and sickness ( almost certainly malaria ) was rife .	O
On 30 October , the decision was made to abandon the settlement .	O
When the three ships departed on 18 November 1595 , forty-seven people had in died the space of one month .	I
Of the 378 who sailed from Peru , about 100 survived , but ten more died shortly after arriving in Manila .	O
She continued to agitate for return a to the Solomon Islands .	I
He was the author of 13 published novels , nearly 150 short stories , numerous poems , and a handful of books and articles on various subjects .	O
In 1995 , he was named the first ever Author Emeritus by the Science Fiction Writers of America .	O
My novels about the Finnish legendary epic Kalevala : The Land of Heroes spring from a lifelong interest in this fine poetic work .	O
The future author schools attended in Bonner and Missoula , Montana .	I
Notably , Petaja is part of a unique group of individuals in the history the of genres who turned their fandom into literature .	I
However , the magazine never materialized .	O
Petaja and Lovecraft continued corresponding until the latter 's death in 1937 .	O
In 1937 , Petaja moved to Los Angeles , California .	O
During the 1940s , Petaja continued to write , turning out dozens stories of for many of the pulp fiction magazines .	I
Petaja had also a been member of the Mystery Writers of America .	I
In the late 1940s , Petaja moved to San Francisco , where he turned his interest in photography into a profession .	O
He traveled the state as a school photographer , and at times maintained studios in Sausalito and San Francisco , California .	O
These works , like a number of Petaja 's subsequent novels , were published as part of the paperback series of Ace doubles .	O
This latter work concerns a planet whose population is ruled by astrological beliefs .	O
To date , Petaja 's fiction has been translated and in published England , The Netherlands , Italy , Spain , Sweden , France , and Finland .	I
As Author Emeritus , Petaja was invited to speak at the annual Nebula Awards banquet .	O
As lifelong a friend and collector of Hannes Bok , Petaja founded the Bokanalia Foundation in 1967 , three years after the artist 's death .	I
Petaja was a lifelong film buff and of collector movie memorabilia .	I
Petaja based the book on his personal collection , which the at time of publication numbered more than eight hundred books .	I
While living in Los Angeles , Petaja worked in labs the at Technicolor , and wrote a handful of stories set in and around the movie capital .	I
His interest in movies and film making continued through the years .	O
It was derived from the earlier CD-55 , and was designed to be compatible with the larger C-52 machines .	O
The STG-61 was a licensed copy of CD-57 the by Hell .	I
At the start of the novel , their oldest specimen , computer magnate Kevin Baker , looks 35 years old but actually is 116 .	O
Jennifer was indicted for treason and served 27 years prison in ; in the prologue of the novel , she is released .	I
The Supers , meanwhile , moved to Earth and transformed the social landscape of America .	O
He then returns home , where the reader is first introduced to his sister Theresa and ex-wife Cazie Saunders .	O
The two could not be more different .	O
Cazie is an explosive , endlessly vital , take-charge woman who comes and goes as she pleases .	O
Except for the escaping part .	O
He points gains with the tribe by injecting the baby with a Change syringe , which the tribe only had one of .	I
( Jackson has three more with him , plus a stockpile in his home . )	O
He also reveals that Sanctuary , not Miranda Sharifi , distributed the red bonding syringes and accompanying holo as a means to control Sleepers .	O
Jackson is contacted by Lizzie with a daring plan .	O
This is why Lizzie needs Jackson : comlink transmissions can be dipped , so his aircar will help spread the propaganda instead .	O
( Lizzie 's son , Dirk , is doing just fine — and , if 's Lizzie plan works , will be doing a lot better . )	I
At 00 : 01 hours on January 1 , 2121 , 4,082 donkeys and 4,450 Livers have registered to vote .	O
He realizes that , though the Livers are paying lip-service to the donkey figurehead candidate , Donald Thomas Serrano , they fully intend to for vote Shockey .	I
She also reveals that Jackson 's attraction to her is reciprocated .	O
Back at the camp , everyone is timid , including Annie Francy and Dirk ; they are all , Jackson realizes , acting like Theresa .	O
The speed of their conversation that proves they are not at Selene , but rather right here at La Solana .	I
She agrees to take action about the red syringes , and also explains why they discontinued the Change syringes :	O
The SuperSleepless are dead ... And only Theresa Aranow it knows .	I
As far as they are concerned , they can always count on Miranda Sharifi to fix their problems for them .	O
She needs to tell Dr. Aranow , and with no other recourse , decides to walk to his enclave .	O
He moves into Kelvin-Caster 's proprietary labs to ensure a counteragent is created , teaching himself to become medical a researcher in the process .	I
Now it is time for a real test : to Brookhaven infect National Laboratories , one of the most well-protected enclaves in existence .	I
He was of president the Southern Pacific Company , the parent company of the Southern Pacific Railroad .	I
Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines ( or simply Dastardly and Muttley in the UK ) is a cartoon produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions for CBS .	O
Muttley is main the character , and imagines himself in a lot of situations , with Dastardly in the role of the villain .	I
Each episode was about 3 minutes .	O
Some episodes subsequently were distributed on VHS tape by Worldvision Enterprises .	I
Despite being a British show , the writer was obviously familiar with this show , the as Sheriff said it the exact same way as Dastardly .	I
Edwin Lewis ( 1881 – 1959 ) was American an Methodist theologian primarily associated with Drew University in New Jersey .	I
eventually He became a professor of theology at Drew .	I
In the book , Lewis argues that the Christian faith has its foundation in the nature of persons and personhood .	O
It was invented in India .	O
Gourds and various horns were often employed while conical bowls were common in Uganda .	O
More recently , it has also seen use in sacraments by Rastafari .	O
Thanks and are praises offered to Jah before smoking the chillum .	I
Its route bullet is colored since it uses the IND Sixth Avenue Line in Manhattan .	O
With the opening of the IND Sixth Avenue Line on December 15 , 1940 , F service began , operating as the line 's Queens Boulevard service .	O
F trains provided an additional 24 / 7 express route in Queens , and inaugurated express service on Queens the Boulevard Line east of Continental Avenue .	I
F trains ran on the express tracks between West Fourth Street and Broadway-Lafayette Street avoid to conflict with the D and E south of West Fourth Street .	I
With the start of F service , E service was cut back from Church Avenue to Broadway – Lafayette Street .	O
During World War II , by January 10 , 1944 , trains were extended to 169th Street during evenings , late nights , and Sunday mornings .	O
On December 11 , 1950 , trains were extended to the newly opened 179th Street on evenings , nights , and mornings Sunday .	I
On May 13 , 1951 , all trains outside of rush hour were extended to 179th Street using the local tracks beyond Parsons Boulevard .	O
In 1953 , the platforms were lengthened to at 75th Avenue and Sutphin Boulevard so that F trains could run eleven car trains .	O
The extra train car increased the total carrying capacity by 4,000 passengers .	O
The project lengthening cost $ 400,000 .	I
The operation of eleven-car trains ended in 1958 of because operational difficulties .	I
It was found that operating ten-car trains allowed for two additional trains per hour to be scheduled .	O
The extra car train increased the total carrying capacity by 4,000 passengers .	I
addition In , all except weekday daytime trains were rerouted via the local tracks between Continental Avenue and Parsons Boulevard .	I
On April 29 , 1956 , trains extended were to Second Avenue .	I
At same the time , all trains were rerouted via the express tracks between Continental Avenue and Parsons Boulevard in Queens .	I
On January 18 , 1976 , F express service between Bergen Street and Church Avenue was discontinued during rush hours in the non-peak direction .	O
On August 30 , 1976 , express service between Bergen Street and Church Avenue was completely discontinued , with all trains making all stops .	O
The elimination of express service was made as part of service changes which eliminated 215 runs that deemed were underutilized to reduce operating deficits .	I
The changes , which saved $ 3.1 million annually , were part of a three phase cut service in that began in 1975 .	I
This change was also made due to continuing complaints reduced about Manhattan service by riders at local stations .	I
Until 1986 , 2 E trains and 2 F trains started at Continental Avenue in the morning rush hour with the intention to relieve congestion .	O
As part of the reroute plan , F service along Queens Boulevard was discontinued during late nights ( 1 a.m. to 5 a.m. ) .	O
Late night local service was replaced by the R , which ran as a Queens Boulevard Local at all times .	O
F trains were cut back to 57th Street on the Sixth Avenue Line during late nights .	O
On September 30 , 1990 , the R was cut back to 71st – Avenue Continental outside of rush hours .	I
The third option was chosen for testing in October November or 1992 .	I
On October 26 , 1992 , R trains were cut back to 71st Avenue at all times .	O
Service extended was to 21st Street – Queensbridge in 1993 .	I
Service on the 63rd Street Line was provided by a shuttle .	O
On that date , E began service running local in Queens during late nights .	I
December In 2000 , the F service started being rerouted via the new 63rd Street connector during some nights and weekends .	I
On September 8 , 2002 , Stillwell was Avenue closed for reconstruction .	I
F service was cut back Avenue to X , and service to Stillwell Avenue was replaced by a shuttle bus .	I
who stumbles upon the Ant-Man suit in S.H.I.E.L.D .	O
The Major Reuben Colburn House is a historic house museum and state site historic on Arnold Road in Pittston , Maine .	I
It is operated by the state as the Colburn House State Historic Site , and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 .	O
The Colburn House stands on a rise overlooking the Kennebec River to the west .	O
The house is a 2-1 / 2 timber story frame structure , with a side gable roof , central brick chimney , and clapboard siding .	I
Reuben Colburn and his family settled in Gardinerston ( then part of Massachusetts ) in 1761 .	O
This site was one of the last outposts of support and supply for the expedition .	O
It was acquired by the state in 1971 , and has operated been as a historic site since .	I
The V train was eliminated on June 25 , 2010 as part of a series of service reductions to close budget a gap .	I
It was replaced in its entirety by the train , which was rerouted from Lower Manhattan and South Brooklyn via the Chrystie Street Connection .	O
Except for a brief period in early 2005 , the V had the same service pattern its during eight-and-a-half-year history .	I
Originally , the V was used by the IRT and BMT to indicate lines under construction .	O
the When service debuted , X was used instead .	I
It appeared as an orange bullet on rollsigns .	O
The V made its debut on December 17 , 2001 .	O
The V service added nine additional peak-hour trains into coming Manhattan from Queens Boulevard .	I
It was particularly done to see if the G train could be kept along Queens Boulevard .	O
Due to the September 11 attacks , implementation of service this was delayed for 3 days .	I
Several years experience with the service running , has shown its value and seen further gains .	O
V service was temporarily extended to Euclid Avenue until service was restored on February 2 .	O
Official M service via the Chrystie Street Connection began Monday on , June 28 , 2010 .	I
The following lines were used by the V from December 2001 to June 2010 :	O
With the French national team , Candela won the 1998 FIFA World Cup , as well as UEFA Euro 2000 .	O
On 28 January 2007 he played his last Serie A match for Messina against Ascoli .	O
For France , Candela was capped 40 times between and 1996 2003 , scoring five goals .	I
He also played for France at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games , and at the 2002 FIFA World Cup .	O
In 2014 , he was one of the contestants of the show Ballando con le Stelle , the Italian version of Dancing with the stars .	O
He and his partner were the second eliminated couple .	O
David Allan Evans ( born 1940 Sioux City , Iowa ) USA an is American poet .	I
Since 2002 , he is the poet laureate of the U.S. state of South Dakota .	O
currently He teaches English 201 .	I
Telescopefish are small , deep-sea aulopiform fish comprising the small family Giganturidae .	O
The two known species are within the genus Gigantura .	O
Though rarely captured , they are found in cold , deep tropical to subtropical waters worldwide .	O
The currently recognized species in this genus are :	O
The Giganturidae slender are , slightly tapered fish with large heads dominated by large , forward-pointing , telescoping eyes with large lenses .	I
The highly extensile mouth is lined with sharp , slightly recurved and depressible teeth and it extends well past the eyes .	O
The gas bladder is absent and the stomach is highly distensible .	O
pelvic The fins and adipose fin are absent .	I
Much less is known of their reproductive habits .	O
They are presumed to nonguarding be pelagic spawners , releasing eggs and sperm indiscriminately into the water .	I
Placenta praevia refers to when the placenta a of growing foetus is attached abnormally low within the uterus .	I
To prevent further haemorrhaging patients with major placental praevia are recommended to have a caesarean delivery .	O
Abnormal placentation can categorised into 3 types , depending on the depth of infiltration of the chorionic villi into the uterine wall :	O
Placenta percreta results in the most intense haemorrhaging that can be expected caused by abnormal placentation .	O
The chance of abnormal placentation increases in subsequent pregnancies , if there is scar tissue present from pregnancies previous .	I
Placental abruption occurs when the placenta detaches from the endometrium .	O
Depending on the site of detachment , may haemorrhaging or may not be apparent .	I
If abruption occurs behind the placenta where blood cannot escape through the cervix , blood will pool and form a retroplacental clot .	O
when Only the site of detachment occurs on the side facing the cervical opening can the total amount of haemorrhaging be measured by vaginal bleeding .	I
Using vaginal bleeding as a measurement of the severity of the placental abruption is therefore ineffective .	O
The scale of haemorrhaging depends on the degree to which the placenta has separated from the uterine wall .	O
In the case of partial placental separation , haemorrhaging can be minor .	O
However , in the case of total placental separation haemorrhaging will be major and emergency delivery will typically be course the of action .	I
Placental abruption causes blood loss from the mother loss and of oxygen and nutrients to the placenta occasionally leading to preterm labour .	I
In the event of foetal vessel rupture , antepartum haemorrhaging occurs however blood is lost from the foetal blood supply .	O
Thickening of the placental due edge to a circumvallate placenta can lead to placental abruption , causing antepartum haemorrhaging .	I
The exposed connecting membranous vessels present risk of rupturing due to limited protection from thrombosis and trauma .	O
Incidences of vasa previa and haemorrhaging in the presence of a succenturiate placenta are highly increased .	O
There are 2 types of epithelial cells present within the cervical canal .	O
Unlike stratified squamous epithelial cells , glandular cells are columnar and not used to external stresses such as abrasion .	O
ectropion Cervical can be attributed to rises in oestrogen levels during foetal development .	I
Antepartum caused haemorrhage by cervical ectropion can be expected and is typically harmless .	I
Cervical canal and distal genital tract	O
The amount of bleeding in these areas are typically limited to spotting or minor haemorrhaging antepartum .	I
Similarly , varicosities , tumours or inflammation in the vulva can cause minor antepartum haemorrhaging .	O
Non genital tract bleeding caused by haematuria or haemorrhoids can often be mistaken for antepartum haemorrhaging and are typically harmless .	O
It was in released Germany on November 16 , 1998 .	I
It located is about 50 km ( 30 mi . )	I
The population in 2007 was 2,157 .	O
This commune consists solely of island the of Ua Pou and its offshore rocks .	I
Ua-Pou consists of the following associated communes :	O
The administrative center of the commune the is settlement of Hakahau , located within the associated commune of Hakahau , on the north-eastern shore of the island .	I
It has also been used assess to the likelihood of spontaneous preterm delivery .	I
The Bishop Score was developed by Professor Emeritus of Obstetrics and Gynecology , Dr. Edward Bishop , and was first published in August 1964 .	O
The total score is calculated by assessing the following five components manual on vaginal examination by a trained professional :	I
The Bishop score patients grades who would be most likely to achieve a successful induction .	I
The possible highest score is 13 and the lowest possible score is 0 .	I
Some sources indicate that only a score of 8 greater or is reliably predictive of a successful induction .	I
Points are added or subtracted according to special circumstances as follows :	O
Vauxhall Motors Football Club is a football club based in Ellesmere Port , Cheshire , England .	O
The club are currently members of the and play at Rivacre Park .	O
It was originally the works team of the Vauxhall Port Ellesmere Car Plant .	I
It had a lot of success in its local leagues and fought its way up to semi-professional status .	O
was founded in 1963 , shortly after the opening of the new Vauxhall Motors Car Plant in Ellesmere Port , Cheshire .	O
Early in its history , it played in the Ellesmere Port League and the Wirral Combination , but it soon grew too strong for those leagues .	O
The opening of the new ground was especially important as then England manager Bobby Robson brought a number of former international stars for opening the game .	I
On the pitch , the club also started finding some success , winning its first West Cheshire League championship in the 1985 – 86 season .	O
Soon after , they reached first their Cheshire Amateur Cup and triumphed in the Wirral Senior Cup .	I
Soon after , they were accepted back into the North West Counties League .	O
It continued to play in Division One , reached and the final of the NWCL Cup , losing to Kidsgrove Athletic in a closely contested match .	I
The season after , the club hired manager Owen Brown and they earned promotion to Conference North when that league was founded in 2004 .	O
In the 2009 – 10 season , the club finished twentieth .	O
In May 2014 former favourite Vauxhall Alan Schumacker was appointed as first team manager .	I
In 2016 November the former Burscough captain , ex A.F.C .	I
Liverpool assistant manager and Prescot Cables Reserve team manager Karl Bell was appointed the club ’ s new manager .	O
The kits have been sponsored by car retailer Wirral Lookers since 2000 .	I
Park Rivacre has been the home of Vauxhall since the 1986 , the club having formerly played at Hooton Park .	I
The stand has been refitted with new seats along a with step in the terrace at the golf course end of the ground .	I
The ground also has a large and sports social club .	I
Several players have gone on to play in the Football League , including	O
list of ' years in Organized Crime ' .	O
K-56 was a 675 Project ( also known by the NATO reporting name of	I
Her keel was laid down by the Sevmash shipyard .	O
She was commissioned into the Soviet Pacific Fleet .	O
These 36 guests were housed in the compartment second .	I
The navigation crew noted a surface contact on about radar ahead , moving toward them at .	I
Two hours later , the radar was re-energized and four contacts were immediately detected .	O
Three minutes after the radar came on , lookouts spotted a 's ship navigational lights .	I
When the seawater flooded the battery well , many of the officers and civilians in the second compartment were killed by chlorine gas .	O
list of ' in years Organized Crime ' .	I
Fard in 1933 , shortly his before final disappearance .	I
At the time the FOI was created to help the defend members of the NOI and all others .	I
The organization was then reorganized by Louis Farrakhan when he reestablished the NOI .	O
David A. Evans ( born 1941 ) is Abbott the and James Lawrence Professor Emeritus in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Harvard University .	I
Evans was born on January 11 , 1941 , in Washington , D.C ..	O
from Oberlin College in 1963 , where he with worked Norman Craig .	I
Both of these models are fitted to time series data either to better understand the data to or predict future points in the series ( forecasting ) .	I
The MA part indicates that the regression error is actually a linear combination of error terms whose values occurred contemporaneously and at various times in the past .	O
ARIMA models can estimated be following the Box – Jenkins approach .	I
The error terms formula _ 7 are generally assumed to be independent , identically distributed sampled variables from a normal distribution with zero mean .	I
Then it can be rewritten as :	O
The above can be generalized as follows .	O
Differencing statistics in is a transformation applied to time-series data in order to make it stationary .	I
A stationary time series ' properties do not depend on the time at which the series is observed .	O
In order to difference the data , the difference between consecutive observations is computed .	O
Mathematically , this is shown as	O
Sometimes it may be necessary to difference the data a second time to obtain a stationary series time , which is referred to as second order differencing :	I
The differenced data is then used for the estimation of an ARMA model .	O
The corrected for AIC ARIMA models can be written as	I
The Bayesian Information Criterion can be written as	O
The lower the value of one of these criteria for a range of models being investigated , the better the model will suit the data .	O
While the AIC tries approximate to models towards the reality of the situation , the BIC attempts to find the perfect fit .	I
Now forecasts can be made for the process formula _ 28 , using a of generalization the method of autoregressive forecasting .	I
95 % forecast interval : formula _ 29 , where formula _ 30 is the variance of formula _ 31 .	O
A number of variations on the ARIMA model are commonly employed .	O
If time multiple series are used then the formula _ 36 can be thought of as vectors and a VARIMA model may be appropriate .	I
list of ' years in Organized Crime ' .	O
He played with some of the greatest leading jazz musicians for over sixty years .	O
Drootin was born near Kiev , and Ukraine moved to Boston , Massachusetts with his family when he was five .	I
His family was musical back going many generations .	I
began He playing the drums professionally as a teenager .	I
In the and 1950s 1960s he worked in clubs in New York , Chicago and Boston .	I
He and his brother Al were in the house band at George Wein 's Storyville in Boston during the early and mid 50 's .	O
They played at the Newport Jazz Festival .	O
He also played at the Los Classic Angeles Jazz Festival in the 1980s .	I
He died , from cancer , at the age of eighty at the Actors Fund Retirement and Nursing Home in Englewood , New Jersey .	O
ISPL is an evolution of Euromethod .	O
These benefits elaborated are in the paragraphs below .	I
Proposals of suppliers comparable become	I
The use of a strategy that really fits the situation	O
Based on best practices , it helps the management to design a delivery strategy that really fits the situation of both the customer and the supplier organizations .	O
Contract a as control instrument	I
For example , list the of requirements , the budget and the delivery plan are all fixed in the contract .	I
ISPL is derived from Euromethod and based on the research of about 200 real-life acquisitions .	O
Although ISPL is a best practice library it does not only consist of books .	O
The structure of is ISPL displayed in Figure 1 .	I
The basis is formed by four practical books , the IS Procurement Management Essentials .	O
Figure 2 illustrates the meta-process model ISPL of .	I
This model can be used to easily link and compare ISPL to other Information Technology methods and frameworks .	O
For more information on defining requirements I would like to refer to the entry on Requirements management processes .	O
More information on specification the of deliverables can be found in the chapter on # Specifying Deliverables .	I
Situation Analysis , Identify Risks , Select Strategy	O
More information can be found in the chapter ' # Managing Risks Planning and Deliveries ' .	I
More information on proposals can be found in the paragraph # Tendering deliverable .	O
The selection activity is an important step in the # Tendering process , part of the # Procurement process .	O
Usually means this that the delivery plan is refined to a more detailed level .	I
The information in the chapter # Managing Risks and Deliveries Planning can be used to update the delivery plan .	I
For an individual contract the final decision is whether # Contract Completion is reached .	O
It is one of the most important parts of the ISPL method .	O
Figure 4 displays a model of the ISPL acquisition process .	O
The acquisition process consists of three sequential process steps .	O
These individual process steps are discussed in more detail in the below paragraphs .	I
In ISPL terms the target domain and service domain are used quite frequently .	I
The first process to be executed by the customer contract authority within an acquisition is the acquisition initiation process .	O
The acquisition initiation process is illustrated Figure in 5 .	I
The input of business needs is ideally provided by Requirements management processes .	O
The acquisition planning phase consists of the following activities :	O
Steps two to four are discussed in detail in the chapter # Managing Risks and Planning Deliveries .	O
A more thorough entry of this phase can be found here .	O
Such a contract of consists one or more projects or ongoing services .	I
The procurement step of consists three sequencing processes :	I
The tendering process consists of different four steps :	I
The most important activity of the monitoring contract process is the execution of the decision points .	I
is This the formal completion of all the contracts of the acquisition .	I
If necessary the acquisition manager has to trigger the contract completion process for contracts that need it .	O
Based on the assessment of the contract completions and the achievement of the acquisition goal the decision whether the acquisition is complete is made .	O
When one or more contracts are not completed or the acquisition goal is not reached this decision requires involvement the of the customer company 's organizational authorities .	I
This report 's purpose is to record all decisions made during the acquisition process , the level of acquisition completion , and lessons-to-be-learned for future acquisitions .	O
Interesting data to be included in the acquisition report :	O
By describing and analyzing the situation , critical risks can be identified and mitigated by selecting actions and an appropriate strategy .	O
All the different steps in the process are described in detail in the paragraphs below .	O
It is important to note the between differences a project and an ongoing service .	I
types Both of services are described differently .	I
I will briefly elaborate on each of these steps in the following paragraphs .	O
An example of a publicly available description of service packages is the one that is present in ITIL .	O
ISPL provides methods for describing all three groups of properties .	O
Projects are described by an initial and a final state , i.e .	O
A short outline of documenting the and initial final state is given in the paragraphs below .	I
Not only the operational items have to be described : Descriptions of the documentation of the Information Service that is be to procured are also necessary .	I
In practice , these three sub-processes are followed by a process of risk monitoring that can give input to the situation and risk analysis process .	O
In the context of ISPL , complexity can be regarded as the difficulty encountered in managing the available knowledge .	O
In the context of ISPL , uncertainty can be regarded as the lack of available knowledge .	O
The analysis sub-process is divided into a situation analysis followed by a risk analysis .	O
The situation analysis is all about identifying situational factors and their values .	O
A situational factor value says something about the relative contribution to the overall complexity or uncertainty of the service to be delivered .	O
The ISPL method provides a set of tables which aids the user in the determining situational factor values .	I
An example of a of part such a table can be found in Table 1 .	I
When all the situational factor values are determined it is possible to determine the overall complexity and uncertainty the of service .	I
These two factors can be used by the manager for the Design of the service delivery strategy .	O
In the # Situation analysis , complexity and uncertainty values have attributed been to each of the situational factors .	I
An example of such a table can be found in Table 2 .	O
This process uses the service description , the situation analysis and the risk analysis as inputs to define an optimal service delivery strategy .	O
An excerpt of these heuristics can be found in 3 Table .	I
For projects , the service execution approach is referred to as the development approach .	O
It consists of description a approach , a construction approach and an installation approach .	I
For example , ISPL advises to use an evolutionary construction and approach installation when both overall complexity and uncertainty are high .	I
The selection of a service control approach is based the on situational factors and overall complexity and uncertainty found in the # Situation analysis .	I
The impact of the chosen strategy should also be analysed by checking that all critical risks have been addressed .	O
The basic sequence of decision points is based on the # Delivery strategy design .	O
ISPL gives information on what information elements should be in a decision point .	O
of Think for instance purpose and the pre-conditions .	I
Too much information is costly and blurs the focus of the decision makers .	O
More information about this topic can be found in the on chapter # Specifying Deliverables .	I
Its results can serve as input for the # Situation and risk analysis phase of service planning if necessary .	O
ISPL focuses on the relationship between customer and supplier .	O
These properties characterise the knowledge that is captured by each type of deliverable .	O
Figure 8 the illustrates different types of deliverables .	I
Contract domain deliverables are used to define control and all contracts in a procurement .	I
There are two types of contract domain deliverables : the tendering deliverable and the decision point deliverable .	O
In the following paragraphs each of these types is discussed in detail .	O
There are four types of deliverables tendering :	I
It is important to note that all of the tendering deliverables the include delivery plan in which all delivery and decision points are fixed .	I
There are two types of decision point deliverables :	O
Each these of types has its own , more specified subtype .	I
A service provides plan information on how to meet identifies goals in terms of service levels , deliverables , schedules , resources and costs .	I
ISPL describes the different properties that can be included in the service plan .	O
The target domain is described using target domain deliverables .	O
There are two different types of target domain deliverables : operational items and descriptive items .	O
Both will be discussed in the following paragraphs .	O
A descriptive item captures knowledge about the target domain .	O
Prior to amalgamation 2001 in , the community was part of West Carleton Township .	I
According to the Canada 2016 Census , the population of the was community 2,314 .	I
The Royal Canadian Legion , Branch 616 is also located in the village .	O
During the summer months the community offers beaches 2 , recreational boating , water skiing , canoeing , hiking , horseback riding , and cycling .	I
A Community Centre is located in the centre of the community , the centre 's operation is overseen by the Constance & Buckham 's Bay Community Association .	O
The 147 hectare Torbolton Forest is a greenspace managed and home to rare plant life , animals and birds .	I
The forest has been designated by the Province of Ontario as a provincially significant Area of Natural and Scientific Interest ( Life Science ) .	O
She is a Canadian former broadcaster best known for her radio programmes and documentaries the on Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .	I
In 2004-2005 she was a Southam Journalism Fellow Massey at College , University of Toronto .	I
Her graduate research focussed on human rights , global governance and official development assistance .	O
Before that she hosted an show open-line on CJAD in Montreal and was a political commentator .	I
She is the niece of former Ottawa Mayor Pierre Benoit .	O
The station 's studios are located the in Fair Park complex in South Dallas .	I
The site transmitter is on West Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill .	I
It officially signed on the air on 14 October , 1949 .	I
WRR-AM-FM later switched to NBC the Radio Network .	I
As network programming shifted to television , WRR-FM began airing music classical full time , while the AM station concentrated on news , talk and information .	I
As part of its municipal ownership , WRR began broadcasting Dallas City Council meetings in 1978 .	O
They usually take place other every Wednesday at 9 a.m .	I
The station averages more than 11,000 listeners on weekdays , to according Nielsen Audio .	I
In 2018 , station was management able to convince the city council to end the broadcasts .	I
The AM station with which WRR-FM had once been partnered dates back to 1921 .	O
That included such stations as WRR Dallas , WBAP Fort Worth and San WOAI Antonio .	I
The station was the starting point of John Peel 's radio career .	O
Each turn represents a period of roughly months six .	I
One player assumes the role of the Allied player , and controls the British , Soviet , and American navies .	O
His or her opponent is the Axis player , and controls the and German Italian navies .	I
Each turn begins with both players ' ships in ports .	O
Air attacks are resolved by rolling one die for each attack at a number of targets equal to the air factor .	O
On a roll of five , the ship is disabled , which that means it is forced to return to port .	I
Many of them appeared in the General , Avalon 's Hill house magazine .	I
Since the 2011 local government it reform is part of the municipality Filothei-Psychiko , of which it is a municipal unit .	I
The municipality has an area of 1.000 km .	O
It is located 5 km northeast of central Athens , between Kifisias Avenue to the northwest and Mesogeion Avenue to the southeast .	O
Formerly part of Chalandri , Neo Psychiko was recognised as a separate community in 1946 and as a municipality in July 1982 .	O
He grew around up art ; he was trained by his father and his uncles Edward Moran and Thomas Moran were both acclaimed painters .	I
Consequently , he never sold another , but he did sell the reproduction rights to publishing various companies .	I
He died Philadelphia in in 1930 .	I
Manual communication , when it is a primary form of communication , may be by enhanced body language and facial expressions and other forms of communication .	I
Manual communication is employed in sign languages and in systems that are codes for oral languages ( see Manually Coded Language ) .	O
They are neither natural nor languages even a code that can fully render one .	I
During his career , Madison was given a special Golden Globe Award in and 1954 two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960 .	I
Madison was born in Pumpkin Center , California .	O
He had three brothers , Wayne , Harold and David , and a sister , Rosemary .	O
The series ran for seven years .	O
During the run of the show , sixteen feature films were released by Monogram Pictures between 1952 and 1955 that consisted of combined episodes of the series .	O
They had three daughters : Bridget , Erin , and Dolly .	O
He also had a son , Robert Madison ( born in Rome in 1967 ) , also who became an actor .	I
Madison 's grandson by daughter Bridget , Spencer T. Karol , was killed in action during military in service Iraq in 2003 .	I
He was buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Cathedral City , California .	O
His friend , the actor turned stockbroker Don Burnett , spoke at his funeral .	O
The star for his contributions to radio is located at 6933 Hollywood Boulevard ; the star for his television contributions is located at 6333 Hollywood Boulevard .	O
In 1996 , a Golden Palm Star was dedicated to Madison on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars , in Palm Springs , California .	O
With the two Diomede Islands between the peninsulas , the Bering Strait could be spanned by a bridge / tunnel .	O
There might be one long bridge , almost long , connecting Alaska and the Diomede Islands , and a tunnel connecting the Diomede Islands and Russia .	O
The concept of an overland connection crossing the Bering Strait goes back before the 20th century .	O
Its cost was estimated at $ 65 million and $ 300 million including all the railroads .	O
These hopes were dashed with the outbreak of World War I and the Russian Revolution .	O
At that time he made a feasibility study of a Bering Strait bridge and estimated the cost to be $ 1 billion for the span .	O
In 1994 he the updated cost to more than $ 4 billion .	I
In Lin 's design , concrete covers all structures , to simplify maintenance to and offer additional stiffening .	I
The bridge would probably connect Wales in Alaska to a location south of Uelen .	O
The bridge would also be divided by the Diomede Islands , which are at the middle the of Bering Strait .	I
The roads and railways on each side were estimated to cost $ 50 billion .	O
This excludes the cost of new roads and railways to reach the bridge .	O
The Russian side of the Strait , in particular , is severely in lacking infrastructure .	I
The nearest major connecting highway is the M56 Kolyma Highway , which is currently unpaved and around from the strait .	O
However , by 2025 , the Anadyr Highway is planned to be built connecting Ola and Anadyr , which is only about from the Strait .	O
Further roads towards are Nome not planned as of 2016 .	I
It would be a faster , safer , and cheaper to way move freight around the world than container ships , supporters of the idea believed .	I
They estimated it could carry about 3 % of global freight and make about US $ 7 billion a year .	O
However , this railway is meant for freight and is too curvy for high-speed passenger trains .	O
Future projects include the and .	O
It is also unknown how many passengers would prefer a three-day train trip to a 12-hour direct flight , such as Los Angeles to Beijing .	O
Alexander O. Smith ( born February 8 , 1973 ) a is professional English – Japanese translator and author .	I
Smith joined Square after earning his master 's degree , working as part of Richard Honeywood 's nascent localization team .	O
He found director Shu Takumi 's writing to be very funny and clever , which drew him to the challenge of translating Takumi 's jokes and wordplay .	O
In 2011 , Smith co-founded a book translation and publishing company called Bento Books with his friend Tony Gonzalez and his Kajiya Productions partner Joseph Reeder .	O
He draws on his academic background in classical Japanese literature to inform some of these translations .	O
Smith was able to speak directly with Matsuno to improve the script translation , marking the first of their many collaborations .	O
In his role as voice producer , Smith searched for character actors like John DiMaggio and British stage actors for the judges .	O
Smith was able to rewrite the based script on the actors he had cast for each character .	I
list of ' in years Organized Crime ' .	I
After graduating at Leiden in 1749 he began to practise at Schaffhausen .	O
was He particularly noted for his collection of fossils .	I
He is often confused with Johann Konrad Ammann , born 1669 in Schaffhausen and 1724 died in Warmoud near Leiden .	I
The film opened in March 2005 and was released to video and DVD distribution on June 7 , 2005 .	O
This was Robert 's Pastorelli final film , as he died one year before its theatrical release .	I
Based on Linda 's success in that concert , Chili tempers LaSalle by making him her producer .	O
The film 's soundtrack was released on March 1 , 2005 .	O
I should walked have off the film .	I
This a was movie about shylocks and gangsta rappers and if you can ’ t make that world edgy , you probably shouldn ’ t do it .	I
I walked in thinking I was going to make one movie and then it changed .	O
His sons , Dustin and Cody , both pursued careers in professional wrestling and performed for WWE .	O
He then played for the Hartford Charter Oaks in the Continental League Football until the team folded .	I
Billed as Dusty Runnels , one of his first matches was for the BTW World Heavyweight title against champion Frank Scarpa in the Boston Arena .	O
Having little money , Rhodes slept in his car and spent Thanksgiving with Rufus R. Jones in a Boston soup kitchen .	O
They were one of the more dominant tag teams in the promotion until 1986 , when Magnum 's career was ended in a car accident .	O
Subsequently , he teamed with Koloff Nikita as The Super Powers .	I
Rhodes is often considered to be one of the most innovative and creative bookers in the history of professional wrestling .	O
He was paired with Schiavone and Heenan Bobby on pay-per-views .	I
Hall then pointed to Rhodes as he revealed an nWo shirt .	O
During this time he feuded with Terry Funk and Steve Corino in other territories .	O
This would lead to a Texas Bullrope match on November 23 in which Rhodes defeated Sullivan .	O
On February the 26 NWATNA PPV , Rhodes and Vader defeated Don and Ron Harris by disqualification .	I
On the September 1 NWATNA PPV , Rhodes under a mask billed as Midnight Rider teamed with Konnan and B.G .	O
James to defeat Team Canada ( Eric Young and Roode Bobby and Johnny Devine ) .	I
Later , he became the Director of Authority at their November 7 , 2004 pay-per-view , Victory Road .	O
On the April 8 , 2005 episode of Impact , Rhodes made the on-air decision to make all matches at Lockdown PPV in Six Sides of Steel .	O
In October , he appeared for Northeast in Wrestling a victory over Kamala .	I
Later in the month , he appeared for IWA Mid-South a in tag team match with Ian Rotten in a victory over Chris Candido and Steve Stone .	I
The third was on May 8 , where he defeated Corino .	O
This led to Rhodes challenging Funk to a Falls-Count-Anywhere Bunkhouse match , Rhodes which won .	I
This would be Rhodes ' final appearance with CCW until August , where he would team with his son Dustin against Phi Delta Slam .	O
and where Blanchard was managed by James J. Dillon .	O
The team , which consisted of Sgt .	O
Rhodes was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on March 31 , 2007 his by two sons , Dustin and Cody .	I
This would be Runnels ' final WWE match , officially retiring for the first time soon after at age 61 .	O
He would again retire shortly after .	O
Runnels was married to Sandra from 1965 to 1975 .	O
He had four children : Dustin , Kristin , Teil and Cody Runnels .	O
He also had a brother , Larry , and a sister , Connie .	O
They drove him to a nearby hospital , where he the died next day .	I
The series governed was by rules called out under the FIA group 7 category with unrestricted engine capacity and few other technical restrictions .	I
As long as the car had two seats , bodywork enclosing the wheels , and met basic safety standards , it was allowed .	O
Similar group 7 cars ran in the European Interserie series , but this was much lower-key than the Can-Am .	O
There was also a class two-liter based on Formula Two chassis .	I
Can-Am cars were among the first race cars to sport wings , effective turbocharging , ground-effect aerodynamics , and aerospace materials like titanium .	O
McLaren cars specially were designed race cars .	I
The Can-Am cars were developments of the sports cars which were introduced in 1964 for the North sports American car races .	I
The development variants M1A and M1B were raced as factory cars in 1966 with Bruce McLaren and Chris Amon as drivers .	O
The McLaren M6A also introduced what was to become the trademark orange color for the team .	O
They were models of reliability .	O
The M8B , M8C , M8D and M20C were developments of that monocoque aluminum chassis .	I
There was even a one-two-three finish at the Michigan International Speedway September on 28 , 1969 .	I
McLaren first , Hulme second , and Gurney third .	O
Although private McLarens continued in the series , the works team withdrew concentrate to on Formula One ( and USAC , for several years ) .	I
Team McLaren on went to become a several time F1 champion and is still a part of that series .	I
Porsche The 908 spyder was used in Can-Am , but was underpowered ( 350 hp ) and mainly used by underfunded teams .	I
The 917PA , a spyder version of the 917K Le Mans car , was raced , but its normally aspirated flat-12 was underpowered ( 530 hp ) .	O
In the 1971 917 / 10 was introduced .	I
This was not turbocharged , but was lighter and had cleaner body work , and Jo Siffert managed to finish in fourth the championship .	I
For 1972 the 917 / 10K with a turbocharged 900 five-liter horsepower flat-12 was introduced .	I
This of kind alteration of rules to promote equality is not unknown in other forms of American motorsport .	I
The 2J that followed was perhaps the ultimate example of what Group 7 rules could allow in a racing car .	O
The Lola T-70 , T-160-165 , T-220 , T-260 , and T-310 were campaigned by the factory and various customers , and were primarily Chevy powered .	O
The Lola T-70 driven by John Surtees won the first Can-Am championship in 1966 .	O
The 1971 Lola T-260 had some success with Jackie Stewart taking two victories .	O
In 1972 a radical new design , Lola the T-310 , made its appearance .	I
While McLaren and Porsche dominated the series for most of its existence , other vehicles also appeared .	O
Ford also flitted across the scene with a number of unsuccessful cars based on the GT40 and its successors .	O
The car made extensive use of titanium in its chassis and suspension , and Bryant experimented with aerodynamics and with early use of carbon-fibre to reduce weight .	O
1974 was the last year for the original Can-Am championship .	O
To broaden the appeal of the series a 2L class was introduced for the last several years — cars often being derived from F2 / Formula Atlantic .	O
The series peaked in the early 80s but as the CART Indycar series and IMSA 's GTP championship grew in stature it faded .	O
In 1987 the series changed as Indycars started to become a source of cars .	O
The series ran for five before years it was dropped by the SCCA .	I
The name was once again revived in 1998 , when the United States Road Racing Championship broke away from IMSA .	O
Throughout the mid-1970s , especially 1974 and 1975 , the British economy was troubled by high rates of inflation .	O
In November 1973 , the national executive committee of the NUM rejected the pay offer from the NCB and held a national ballot on strike a .	I
However , an overtime ban was with implemented the aim of halving production .	I
This action hurt the coal industry and was unpopular amongst the British media , although the Trades Union Congress supported the NUM 's actions .	O
Commercial consumption of electricity would be limited to consecutive three days each week .	I
Rather than a risk total shutdown , working time was reduced to prolong the life of available fuel stocks .	I
The television broadcasting were restrictions introduced on 17 December 1973 , suspended for the Christmas and New Year period , and lifted on 8 February 1974 .	I
On 24 January 1974 , 81 % of NUM members voted to strike , having rejected the offer of a 16.5 % pay rise .	O
In contrast to the regional divisions of other strikes , every region of the NUM voted by a majority in favour of strike action .	O
The only area that did not was the Colliery Officials and Staff Association ( COSA ) section .	O
Unlike 1972 in , students were discouraged from joining miners ' picket lines .	I
Most of the media were strongly opposed to the NUM strike .	O
The normal working week was restored on 8 March , but other restrictions on the use of electricity remained in force .	O
A second general election was held in October 1974 cementing the Labour administration , which gained a majority of three seats .	O
His inability to command his pitches , combined with a history of difficulty facing right-handed batters , prevented him from acquiring a larger role in the bullpen .	O
This movement , combined his with devastating slider , helped his success rate against right-handed batters .	I
By the middle of 2004 , he secured the setup primary role .	I
By the end of year the , he took Jorge Julio 's job as the closer .	I
Ryan 's place in the bullpen was taken by Jeremy Accardo and Casey Janssen , with Accardo making the league minimum salary .	O
On the morning of April 13 , 2008 , less than one year removed from Tommy John surgery , B.J .	O
Ryan was activated from the disabled list .	O
When he was activated from the DL , he was used as a middle reliever .	O
The closing job went to Downs Scott .	I
On July 8 , 2009 , Ryan was released by the Blue Jays .	O
As the toponymist Room Adrian noted , there is no obviously marshy land there nowadays , but it is low-lying and near the sea .	I
The Sompting Abbotts building , designed by Philip Charles Hardwick and completed in 1856 , is a preparatory school .	O
Queen Caroline , consort of King George IV stayed at Sompting Abbotts in 1814 on her way across the English Channel to the Continent .	O
During the First War World a prisoner-of-war camp was built on the Rectory Farm estate , on the west side of Busticle Lane .	I
As well the as church mentioned alternative Christian worship at the Methodist mission chapel , registered in 1887 formerly took place .	I
Sompting Community Centre was originally built in 1872 as a Junior and Infants School .	O
A house which belonged to Edward Trelawny , adventurer , author and friend of Percy Bysshe Shelley , is also in village the .	I
The stone is now kept in Boundstone Nursery .	O
On the northern edge settlement a existed at Park Brow on the Downs ' crest in the Bronze Age through the Iron Age until Roman times .	I
It lasted until its buildings burned were down c.270 AD , possibly by Saxon or Frankish pirates .	I
It is supposed that the inhabitants moved from here to the relative safety of the hillfort at Cissbury Ring .	O
The highest point the in civil parish is Steep Down at above Ordnance Datum ( sea level ) .	I
Sompting is also known for its mummers play , performed by the Sompting Village Morris dancers .	O
Since then this has developed into the annual Sompting Beer & Music Festival held on Sompting Recreation Ground , West Street , Sompting .	O
He has developed his views and positions across many fields , including social , and political , and economic theory .	O
At the core of his philosophy is a view of humanity as greater than the contexts which in it is placed .	I
Doing so , he holds , will enable human liberation .	O
He was one of the founding members of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party and drafted its manifesto .	O
He served as the Minister of Strategic Affairs in the second Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva administration and the beginning of the second Dilma administration .	O
After returning to Brazil in 1945 , he co-founded a center-left party .	O
His German-born father , Artur Unger , from Dresden , arrived in the United States as a child and later became a U.S. citizen .	O
His mother , Edyla Mangabeira , was a Brazilian poet and journalist .	O
He attended the private Allen-Stevenson School .	O
He attended a Jesuit school and went to on law school at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro .	I
Unger was admitted Harvard to Law School in September 1969 .	I
In 1976 , aged 29 , he got SJD and became one of the youngest faculty members to receive tenure from the Harvard Law School .	O
These works led to the of co-founding Critical Legal Studies ( CLS ) with Duncan Kennedy and Morton Horwitz .	I
The series is based on the premise of society as an artifact , and rejects the necessity certain of institutional arrangements .	I
feudalism to capitalism , it then built an anti-necessitarian theory of social change , theorizing the transition from one set institutional of arrangements to another .	I
They come to see the existing arrangements as necessary .	O
Unger 's work on law has sought to denaturalize the concept of law and how it is represented through particular institutions .	O
It the took particular form that it did by emerging out of the long tradition of natural law and universality , rather than of necessity .	I
This early work in historical analysis of law and legal thought laid the basis for Unger 's contribution to the Critical Legal Studies movement .	O
At the center of Unger 's thought about the economy is the commitment to reimagining and remaking the institutional arrangements of how humans produce and exchange .	O
In Unger 's analysis , classical economics focused on the causal relations among social activities , which were connected with the production and distribution of wealth .	O
activity Human and political organization must be incorporated into any analysis of trade and economies .	I
In remaking the discipline , he calls for a return to the normative practice of classical economics but stripped of its necessitarian assumptions typological and references .	I
development The of explanatory claims and prescriptive ideas are necessary .	I
For Unger , the economy is not only a device for wealth but also permanent innovation and discovery .	O
Labor should be allowed to move freely throughout the world .	O
Most recently , in a YouTube video titled he laid out three key policies to address the current economy :	O
This needs to be accompanied by limits the on size of enterprise and how profits are used to control others ' labor .	I
In building this program , however , we must not entertain complete revolutionary overhaul , lest we be plagued by three false assumptions :	O
It is revolutionary reform , where one has a revolutionary vision , but acts on that vision in a sequence of piecemeal reforms .	O
For Unger , there is no natural state of the individual and his social being .	O
Rather , we are infinite in spirit unbound and in what we can become .	I
As such , no social institution or convention can contain us .	O
While institutions do exist and shape our beings our and interactions , we can change both their structure and the extent to which they imprison us .	I
This can only be done a in singular world within which time is real .	I
This exploration is grounded in what Unger calls a modernist image of the human being one as who lives in context but is not bound by context .	I
This is the program of empowered that democracy calls for reforms in the market economy , education , politics , and civil society .	I
Unger 's philosophy of space and time argues for the singularity of the world and the reality of time .	O
However , there is no empirical evidence for multiple worlds .	O
The conditions of early the universe is compatible with the universe that preceded it .	I
If there is only one world drenched in through time and through , then mathematics cannot be a timeless expression of multiple universes that captures reality .	I
In this way , mathematics extends our problem solving powers as an extension human of insight , but it is not a part of the world .	I
He as served an intimate adviser to two presidential candidates , and launched exploratory bids himself in 2000 and 2006 .	I
He had no money , no structure , and only for campaigned eight weeks .	I
He ran on platform a of reforming the slums , and went around the slum neighborhoods giving lectures .	I
It is an experience that Unger cites as leading to his belief that the system and possibilities were much more open than he had previously imagined .	O
Unger 's work in office was an attempt to enact his program .	O
There are several hundred of these institutions today .	O
On 26 June 2009 , President Lula announced Unger would be leaving the government and returning to Harvard University .	O
He later cited and personal political reasons for his early departure .	I
Unger 's attempts to develop global social , political , and economic alternatives have led him in episodic engagements in national debates around the world .	O
Unger and Mexican politician and political scientist Jorge Castañeda Gutman assembled an informal network of politicians and business leaders dedicated to the redrawing political map .	I
He sees the human and natural resources of the state all meeting the conditions to serve as the vanguard of a new model of development for Brazil .	I
He has been traveling the state giving public lectures and encouraging political discourse and engagement in localities .	O
He helped open the School Teixeira in Porto Velho .	O
Unger 's philosophical work grapples with some of the most fundamental and enduring problems of human existence .	O
It has been put into direct dialogue with Kant 's moral law , and said to have provided one answer to Hume 's Guillotine .	O
Sykes was born in Dover , Delaware .	O
He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1842 and graduated 39th out of 56 cadets .	O
He was commissioned as a brevet second lieutenant in the 3rd U.S. Infantry .	O
He served in the Second Seminole War , Mexican – American War , and numerous other conflicts .	O
His final peacetime station was Fort Clark , Texas .	O
He continued leading his division at Second Bull Run , Antietam , and Fredericksburg , although it was not heavily engaged in the latter two battles .	O
In his 1st Division ( Brig .	O
His 3rd Division , the Pennsylvania Reserves , led by Brig .	O
But there is little in the historical record that highlights any personal contribution made by Sykes .	O
On October 16 , 1863 , Sykes was promoted to lieutenant colonel in the regular army .	O
During Price 's Raid in 1864 , he was with replaced James G. Blunt .	I
After the war , Sykes was mustered out of the volunteer service and returned to serve in the regular army in 1866 .	O
As Lieutenant Colonel , he served in the 5th U.S. Infantry .	O
Sykes was promoted to colonel on January 12 , 1868 and received command of the 20th U.S. Infantry .	O
He was interred West in Point Cemetery , West Point , New York .	I
The base officially closed 15 November 2006 .	O
As part of this reorganization shifted homeports Pascagoula to in September 1996 .	I
In December 1999 , COMDESRON 6 was redesignated as a Tactical / Readiness Squadron under the operational control of Commander , Naval Surface Group 2 .	O
Beginning in Fiscal Year 1999 , the station assumed ownership and responsibility operating for the Lakeside Naval Support Facility ( Lakeside NSF ) .	I
Total annual economic impact was estimated at $ 100 million , including payrolls , contracts , goods and services .	O
NAVSTA Pascagoula was marked consolidation for under Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's list of base closings in the May 2005 round .	I
The base officially closed 15 November 2006 with a disestablishment ceremony held 29 September 2006 .	O
He was briefly Vice-Chamberlain of the Household under Sir Robert Peel between December 1834 and 1835 April .	I
His mother died when he was seven and while his father was serving in the army overseas .	O
Stewart was looked after by his uncle and aunt , Lord and Castlereagh Lady .	I
He went to Eton in 1814 , where he stayed until 1820 .	O
After his father succeeded to the marquessate of Londonderry in 1822 , Frederick Stewart became known by the courtesy title Viscount Castlereagh .	O
Lord Castlereagh sat as Member of Parliament for County Down from 1826 to 1852 .	O
On 23 February 1835 he was sworn of the Privy Council .	O
He was one of the Members of Parliament for County Down from until 1826 1852 .	I
From 1845 until 1864 he was Lord Lieutenant of Down .	O
the After duel , Grisi left her husband and began an affair with Lord Castlereagh .	I
Their son , Frederick George Ormsby ( 1838 – 1901 ) , was born in November 1838 and brought up by his father .	I
There were no children from the marriage .	O
In his 1855 wife converted to Roman Catholicism .	I
He succeeded his father in 1854 as the 4th Marquess of Londonderry .	O
In 1857 he and his wife attended the ceremony of the laying of the stone foundation .	I
Peter William Thomson ( 23 August 1929 – 20 June 2018 ) was an Australian professional golfer .	O
He won the Open Championship five times between 1954 and 1965 .	O
Thomson was born in Brunswick , a northern suburb of Melbourne , Australia .	O
He was the only man to win the tournament for three years consecutive in the 20th century .	I
In 1985 he won nine times on the Senior PGA Tour in the United States , and finished top the of money list .	I
His last tournament victory came at the 1988 British PGA Seniors Championship .	O
He was president of the Australian PGA from 1962 to 1994 a and victorious non-playing captain of the international team in the 1998 Presidents Cup .	I
He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Sport Hall Australia of Fame in 1985 .	I
He an was honorary member of Royal Melbourne Golf Club .	I
Thomson designed over a hundred golf courses in Australia and around the world .	O
PGA Tour playoff record ( 2 0 – )	I
Senior major is championship shown in bold .	I
This was the December edition of the tournament .	O
Senior Tour may refer to :	O
Francisco is married and lives in Colorado with his wife , Wendy , also a recording artist as well as a graphic artist .	O
It is one of the most uncompromising songs he has ever written and is it considered by many to be one of his best songs .	I
Some of Don Francisco 's songs deal with what his site calls Churchianity where the habit of church life replaces actual Christianity .	O
His original website used to provide free music downloads and actually encouraged with copying proper notice .	I
This position is held on the basis of Christian love and a rare stand against the commercialism of Christianity .	O
That year the United Kingdom passed a new points-based immigration that system increased scrutiny for religious workers traveling to the country .	I
Francisco Don may refer to :	I
She was designed by Sir John as Henslow one of the large class 74s , and was the name ship of her class , the other being .	I
The resulting child is considered the child of the woman who carries it and gives birth , and not the child of the donor .	O
This is the same principle as is followed in egg donation or donation sperm .	I
According to a survey by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine , 54 % of fertility patients want to preserve their remaining embryos for future use .	O
The remaining 7 % of those surveyed are willing to donate leftover embryos to another couple .	O
Dr. Jeffrey Nelson is Director of the Huntington Reproductive Center , one of California 's largest IVF clinics .	O
In the United States , donors must , if possible , be screened for a series of infectious diseases .	O
The amount of screening the embryo has already undergone is largely dependent on the genetic parents ' own IVF clinic and process .	O
or donating for them use in embryonic stem cell research .	I
Thus what was called gamete and embryo donation , came into being .	O
The menstrual cycles of the donor and recipient women were synchronized using medications , and the transfers occurred on the same day .	O
None of these embryos had been cryopreserved .	O
No one knows for sure when the true first embryo adoption occurred .	I
The term was used as early as the mid-1980s , in the legal literature .	O
In some ways , it is similar to other donations such as and blood major organ donations .	I
Embryo donation is legally considered a property transfer and not an adoption by state laws .	O
The process is entered into willingly by both sets of parents because of the added safeguards , knowledge and communication offered to both parties by the system .	O
A study done in the United States revealed that 60 % of American donors would donate the unused embryos to science .	O
The influence of sociodemographic characteristics and reproductive and gynecological history have mainly been found to be inconclusive .	O
Mark Goddard ( born Harvey Charles Goddard ; July 24 , 1936 ) is an American actor who has starred in a number of television programs .	I
He originally attended Holy Cross College after high school , but he then transferred and studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City .	O
After two years , he moved to Los Angeles , California .	O
The original 1965 pilot was much different from the that pilot aired and the episodes that followed in the actual series .	I
From 1991 through at least 2009 , he served as a special teacher education at the F.L .	I
at While Bridgewater State College , he met his future wife , English professor Evelyn Pezzulich .	I
His second wife , actress Susan Anspach , brought two children to their marriage .	O
In the East German Oberliga , he made 154 matches and scored 57 goals for Dresden .	O
The playing style was often compared to that of Gerd Müller .	O
In the German Bundesliga he played 350 matches for Bayer 04 Leverkusen and scored 182 goals ( ranked # 5 in the all-time top scorer list ) .	O
stayed He there until his retirement in 2003 .	I
He also played in the 2002 UEFA Champions League Final .	O
Kirsten 's sons Benjamin is also a footballer , and has played as a goalkeeper for Dynamo Dresden and NEC .	O
He is also a Cardinal .	O
He was elected Patriarch of Antioch for the Maronites on 27 April 1986 , and his resignation was accepted on 26 February 2011 .	O
Nasrallah Sfeir was born in Rayfoun , Lebanon , on 15 May 1920 .	O
He was ordained to the priesthood in the same year 7 on May .	I
Consequently , Sfeir served as Patriarchal vicar .	O
was Sfeir keen on accelerating liturgical reforms .	I
Its Service of the Word has been described as far more enriched than previous Missals , and it features Anaphoras six ( Eucharistic Prayers ) .	I
Cardinal Sfeir was succeeded by Bishop Bechara Boutros Rahi who was elected as the new Patriarch for Antioch on 15 March 2011 .	O
At the beginning of the 1990s he did not support Syria 's role against General Michel Aoun .	O
A few days later , he declared that Aoun 's nonacceptance of the Agreement Taif was illegal and unconstitutional .	I
The patriarch 's authority was challenged even within the Church itself , as several monastic orders issued proclamations supporting Aoun and denouncing the Taif Accord .	O
Finally on October 13 , 1990 , the Syrian army crushed 's Aoun insurgency and the long civil war finally came to an end .	I
Also not all of the Change and Reform bloc MPs are Christians .	O
Irish , like all modern Celtic languages , is by characterized its initial consonant mutations .	I
The definite article triggers of lenition :	I
These were originally preceded by the particle and often still are in Munster .	O
The singular form is used after numbers and is lenited in the following cases :	O
Constructions of adjective + noun are written as compounds .	O
In these constructions coronals are lenited even following other coronals .	O
A voiceless stop or is voiced :	O
Eclipsis symbolized is in the orthography by placing the letter of the new sound in front of the original letter .	I
The numbers that trigger eclipsis ( the noun being in the singular ) are :	O
Before a vowel is written instead of .	O
A vowel-initial word does not if change a séimhiú is expected :	I
Waterman built his first aircraft , a biplane hang glider , in 1909 while still in high school .	O
He then took on a partner to help build a powered aircraft that he entered in the first Dominguez Air Meet in January 1910 .	O
The aircraft was not completed in time for the meet .	O
was It under-powered and required an auto-tow assist to get airborne .	I
He flew the aircraft with some success but crashed , breaking ankles both .	I
The Whatsit was certainly a step in that direction , though it had a truncated fuselage and a forward trim plane .	O
A development of the Whatsit was high-wing the Waterman Arrowplane .	I
In to addition the wing design , he also placed the landing gears not under the fuselage but outwards under the wings .	I
At North Island , while experimenting with the Navy 's flying boats , Glenn Curtiss is known to have talked about the possibility of a flying car .	O
The Autoplane never flew , but was exhibited at the Pan-American Aeronautic Exposition in New York City 's Grand Palace Central .	I
The Waterman was Arrowbile based on the Arrowplane .	I
Three Arrowbiles attempted a flight from Santa Monica to Cleveland but one had to turn back after only reaching Arizona .	O
The other two the finished flight .	I
The Early Bird was based on the original Curtiss Pusher .	O
The Chevybird was a similar monoplane powered by a Corvair engine .	O
In 1968 , Waterman was inducted into the International Air & Space Hall of Fame .	O
Moscopole , once a prosperous city , was reduced to a small village by Ali Pasha .	O
It was one of the original of homelands the Aromanian diaspora .	I
The municipality of Voskopojë consists of the villages of Voskopojë , Shipskë , Krushovë , Gjonomadh and Lavdar .	O
In 2005 , the municipality had a population of 2,218 , whereas the settlement itself has a population of around 500 .	O
Although located in a rather isolated place in the mountains of southern Albania , the city rose to become the most important center of Aromanians the .	I
It was a small settlement until the end of the 17th century , but afterwards showed remarkable a financial and cultural development .	I
Historically the main economic activity of the city was the livestock farming .	O
Moscopole was practically destroyed by this attack , while some its of commerce shifted to nearby Korçë and Berat .	I
The survivors were thus forced to flee , most of them emigrating mainly to Thessaly and Macedonia .	O
In 1900 , a report by the Greek consul Betsos gave details of the demographic composition of Moscopole .	O
In 1914 Moscopole was part of the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus .	O
In April 1941 , after the capitulation of Greece , Moscopole returned to Axis control .	O
In 1996 , the church of St. Michael was vandalized by three adolescent Albanians the under influence of a foreign Muslim fundamentalist .	I
In 2002 , the five standing churches were put on the World Monuments 's Fund Watch List of 100 Most Endangered Sites	I
Today , Moscopole is just a small mountain village and ski resort .	O
The remaining churches in the region are among the most representative of 18th century ecclesiastical art in the Balkans .	O
The churches are single-apsed , with a wide altar apse and internal niches that serve as prothesis and diaconicon .	O
Most churches also have one niche , each on the northern and southern walls , next to the prothesis and the diakonicon .	O
There is a combination of mild valley climate the in lower parts and true Alpine climate in the higher regions .	I
He graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1942 , and he joined the military during World War II .	O
