He originated the role of J.M .	Past
An avid bridge player , equestrian and sailor , Foster accumulated a large fortune from coal and shipping .	Past
The design is reputed to be based on that of Ange-Jacques Gabriel 's Petit Trianon at Versailles .	Past
Data is gathered from several thousands AIS volunteer stations in over 140 countries around the world .	Past
Thanks to this system , vessel information and positional data can be electronically exchanged between AIS stations .	Past
AIS message packets are encoded in NMEA sentences ( 64-bit plain text ) .	Past
The contents of any incoming NMEA sentence can be decoded .	Past
This way , information on the following three basic sections can be deducted :	Past
The AIS-transmitted information sent by vessels is being picked up by the MarineTraffic network of AIS-receiving stations .	Past
It depends on various factors .	Pres
As the website started to grow and gain popularity , MarineTraffic implemented major upgrades in 2013 , offering more services than the Live tracking map .	Past
Online Services enable the tracking of individual vessels and fleets with the Live Map , through Advanced Filtering , Custom Area mapping and Notification Services ;	Pres
Rabobank focuses on rural banking , business banking and saving services .	Pres
The bank originally advertised to customers as " Your significant other bank " .	Past
By August 2006 , six months after its launch , it had gathered over $ 500 million in deposits .	Past
In July 2010 the bank was rebranded as RaboDirect to bring it in line with other countries where Rabodirect operated such services .	Past
In 2008 , following a major building programme , the Hotel Waldhaus was rebranded as the " Waldhaus Flims Mountain Resort & Spa " .	Past
By 1875 all the shares had been subscribed and building began .	Past
A spa doctor was recruited and the franchisee managing the cow stalls was encouraged to add ducks and chickens to his livestock operation .	Past
The Company Secretary , Joseph Zahnder , was permitted only to undertake the " greeting and valediction " duties with the guests .	Past
Just a year later all three of the hotel blocks were equipped with piped hot water and baths .	Past
Continued growth of the Waldhaus hotel complex was overseen by the Walthers , the couple who were now directing the business .	Past
When , later in the century , the car park was extended the telephone kiosk was relocated to the lakeside .	Past
Switzerland was badly impacted by the war that had broken out in surrounding countries in 1939 : international tourists and food imports disappeared .	Past
The 1967 indoor swimming pool was torn down , and its function taken over by a new glass coated Swimming and Wellness Canter .	Past
The pavilion 's old terrace was recreated , along with the Jugendstil ( Art nouveau ) features of the entrance lobby and reception area .	Past
A television gala presentation was transmitted from the hotel in August 2006 .	Past
During the closing months of 2015 the hotel was advertising jobs for the 2015 / 2016 season .	Pres
They dismissed Giacometti as a mere " poster artist " .	Past
The painting was rolled up and stored .	Past
It now hangs in the main lobby .	Pres
Subsequently , he was roped in for another soap , " Lakshmi Baramma " aired on Colors Kannada channel .	Past
It derives its name from the nearby Cantonment Road .	Pres
Cook fled north towards Kentucky .	Past
Cook then proceeded to flee on foot , disappearing into the wooded foothills .	Past
I mean you no harm . "	Pres
The woman and her brother speculated that Cook could have been an undercover police officer , but called 9-1-1 anyway .	Past
On Route 61 in Cumberland County , Floyd Cook spotted an arriving cruiser and ran into the woods , again .	Past
Cook had been convicted of various crimes , such as assault , robbery , and rioting through the 1970s and 80s .	Past
Originally with the working name Prince Edward , the name Prince Edward Road was later finalised on 28 September 2018 .	Past
As it is a stacked platform , platform provisions will be reserved for future line , from Tengah to Prince Edward Road via Keppel and Maxwell .	Past
Wong pursued her tertiary education in The Chinese University of Hong Kong , majoring in journalism and communication .	Past
Although her use of words and style often change with time , she still sticks to common themes like death , diseases , love and darkness .	Pres
The corps was disbanded in 1814 .	Past
He pursued his education in Hyderabad and have completed his M.Sc .	Past
Further , he secured his Ph.D. from Department of Geology , Osmania University .	Past
Since then , he rose to various levels within the party right from Hyderabad City General Secretary in 1994 , through Hyderabad City President from 1995-1999 .	Past
However it faded , presumably under Islam .	Past
In support of the action , Morphogenesis , submitted a proposal to the Delhi Government in 2009 .	Past
He is currently studying Marine biology at the University of Lagos .	Pres
Bursary recipients are also encouraged to develop new formats and create their own shows .	Past
The list of writers ' names was later displayed on the wall outside the toilets at the BBC Radio Comedy office .	Past
The inequality was conjectured in 1963 by Henryk Minc and first proved in 1973 by Lev M. Bregman .	Past
The permanent is therefore bounded by the product of the geometric means of the numbers from formula _ 6 to formula _ 7 for formula _ 4 .	Past
This way , each nonzero entry of the matrix formula _ 9 defines an edge in the graph formula _ 16 and vice versa .	Pres
The Bregman – Minc inequality now yields the estimate	Pres
which was proven by Henryk Minc already in 1963 .	Past
The maximum is thereby attained for a block diagonal matrix whose diagonal blocks are square matrices of ones of size formula _ 32 .	Past
Her Ladyship wears a veil because , if ever breathed on directly or exposed to too much light , she would disintegrate .	Pres
His novel " A Suspended Life " ( 2014 ) was shortlisted for the 2015 Arabic Booker Prize .	Past
He writes regularly for various Arabic-language newspapers and journals , notably the Palestinian daily " Al-Ayyam " .	Pres
Abu Saif teaches political science at the University of Al-Azhar in Gaza .	Pres
She was scrapped in 1928 .	Past
" List of African Nobel laureates	Pres
Sadat was honored along with Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin for their efforts to reach a peace agreement between their two countries .	Past
Plumbum decides in a single provincial town to eradicate the evil .	Pres
The project , named after the brothers Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt , aims to be a world centre for culture .	Pres
the Humboldt Foundation has been criticised in connection with looting and cultural appropriation .	Past
In 1957 he enrolled in GITIS in the studio of People 's Artist of the RSFSR Gregory Konskiy and People 's Artist of the USSR Olga Androvskaya .	Past
They colonize predominantly open habitats and forest edges .	Pres
The wasps paralyze these spiders with their poisonous stings and drag them into their underground nests .	Pres
Then they lay an egg into the abdomen of their prey .	Past
She was scrapped in 1930 .	Past
The confederation disappeared in 1989 during negotiations for parliamentary candidates that year .	Past
The nature reserve protects the lake Abborrträsk and the surrounding area , which consists mainly of different types of forest .	Pres
This painting was documented by Hofstede de Groot in 1911 , who wrote ; " 155 .	Past
A dark rocky landscape is intersected by a river , on which are a raft of timber and a small sailing-boat .	Past
Attributed in the 1838 catalogue to Salomon van Ruisdael .	Past
Engraved by P. E. Moitte in the Brühl collection .	Past
Its gables are adorned with jigsawn vergeboard , with the main gables topped by decorative finials .	Past
Its porches are topped by low jigsawn balustrades .	Past
In 2013 he co-founded the NGO Initiative of the Free and Responsible VOLA .	Past
It has also been looked into for its anti-cancer properties , including slowing the growth of cancer cell lines .	Past
It advocates “ their internationally recognized legal right to return . ”	Pres
According to its website , the PRC aims to preserve the Palestinian identity and to resist attempts to resettle the dispersed Palestinians in their places of refuge .	Pres
The PRC coordinates with any individual or group that shares its cause .	Pres
The PRC organizes a wide range of events to promote the Palestinian cause both in the United Kingdom and in Europe .	Pres
The PRC also produces videos and disseminates articles , books , reports and studies in support of its mission .	Pres
Having fled / migrated to neighbouring countries as either a destination or transit point until they reach Europe .	Past
The book combines major aspects of the conflict for a better understanding of the plight of Palestinians .	Pres
Palestinian children were not exempted from this scourge .	Past
Dr. Daud Abdullah edited in 2002 the book titled " Israeli Law of Return and its Impact on the Conflict in Palestine " .	Past
" St Petersburg " was requisitioned by the Admiralty during the First World War and renamed Archangel in 1916 .	Past
Her passengers were landed by three tugs .	Past
The survivors were rescued by .	Past
On 17 May 1941 " Archangel " was beached south of Newburgh , Aberdeenshire and broke into four .	Past
The building was extensively renovated in 2003 , including a partial new facade .	Past
Completed in May 2000 , the Public Safety Building houses the U.S .	Past
The interior retains substantial woodwork and equipment , including its original wheel .	Pres
By the 1980s she had been sailed to the west coast , and outfitted for passenger trade .	Past
Founded in 1972 by Mr. K.I .	Past
Thomas , it has grown from just 28 students , to over a thousand students , and 2 branches .	Past
It is affiliated to , and shares its premises with École Franco-Indienne Sishya	Past
Two years after the school was initiated , the admirers of Mr. K.I .	Past
The Trust now owns and controls the management of the school .	Pres
The very next year , 1975 , the school was shifted to a five-acre premises in Ramalayam Annexe , near the Ramalayam Palace of the Travancore Family .	Past
In 1994 , land from the lake on the premises was reclaimed , to create a playground .	Past
In 2006 , the auditorium and surrounding blocks were renovated , to keep up with the increase in capacity of the school .	Past
" List of Asian Nobel laureates	Pres
The team currently competes in the NM2 .	Pres
Built by the British in 1883 and renovated in 1993 , the lighthouse is operated by the Egyptian Navy .	Past
The lighthouse still retains its original hand-cranked Chance Brothers Fresnel lens and drive mechanism , which requires winding every four hours by the attendant lighthouse keepers .	Pres
However , Banca Intermobiliare and sister bank FarBanca ( of BPVi group ) were excluded .	Past
In Trondheim he also collaborated with another fellow student Ingrid Helene Håvik and later on when established in Oslo , they started the band Highasakite together .	Past
It is organised by the African Renaissance Foundation ( AREFO ) .	Past
The event reflects the significance of the ancient town during the slave trade era .	Pres
The organizer brings the indegine and culture-loving fans from around the world to celebrate the festival .	Pres
The festival was initiated in 1999 to commemorate the end of the slave trade era and the significance of the ancient city during the period .	Past
The 2015 Badagry festival was tagged " Toussaint L 'Ouverture : The Catalyst for the struggle for liberation of the black " .	Past
The festival creates a platform in Nigeria of those from the African diaspora to reunite with their motherland .	Pres
Presently , the site is facing massive environmental degradation due to lack of maintenance by the government , as well as the activities of commercial tree fellers .	Pres
The 1972 event drew 25,000 people , while the 1973 event drew 35,000 .	Past
The 1974 event drew 55,000 people and resulted in 24 arrests for robbery and assault .	Past
In the period from 1937 to 1940 Kennerley enjoyed considerable success as an amateur in both billiards and snooker .	Past
In 1938 he travelled to Melbourne and was runner-up in the Empire Amateur Billiards Championship , losing to Bob Marshall .	Past
World War I prevented the works from commencing and the permission expired .	Past
In preparation for her role , she researched her character by looking up similar roles played by actress Sripriya .	Past
The music video has surpassed 55 million views .	Past
The video of the audio track was uploaded to Fueled By Ramen 's official YouTube channel on the same day of its release , on December 31 .	Past
An official music video for the song was uploaded on May 10 , 2016 .	Past
As of November 2018 , the music video has surpassed 38 million views .	Past
It showcases a girl putting on makeup , then being picked up by an Uber that takes her to a nightclub .	Pres
When they get to the girl 's house , the girl furiously rips off Urie 's clothes and her own as she throws Urie by her bed .	Pres
Immediately , the girl 's shadow grows into a tentacle-like creature which chases the naked Urie throughout the house .	Pres
Urie is cornered in the kitchen and attempts to throw a lamp at the creature but fails .	Past
The creature jumps down to the spot where Urie lays , devours his body and goes to sleep .	Pres
When the creature wakes up , it vomits Urie 's skull into a waste bin and takes his form .	Pres
The Pine Bluff Street Historic District encompasses a well-preserved residential area of Malvern , Arkansas , that was developed between about 1890 and 1940 .	Pres
It extends along Pine Bluff Street , just east of the city center , between Gloster Court and McNeal Street .	Pres
The music video for the song " Emperor 's New Clothes " was uploaded to Fueled by Ramen 's official YouTube page on October 21 , 2015 .	Past
Production was handled by Jake Sinclair .	Past
It has been streamed over 27 million times on YouTube and over 80 million times on Spotify as of February 2018 .	Past
The composer disliked showy display , and the predominant characteristic of his piano music is a classical restraint and understatement .	Past
Although for much of his career he made his living as a church organist , Fauré greatly preferred the piano .	Past
The Fauré scholar Jean-Michel Nectoux writes :	Pres
Fauré greatly admired the music of Chopin , and was happy to compose in forms and patterns established by the earlier composer .	Past
The composer 's son Philippe commented that the nocturnes " are not necessarily based on rêveries or on emotions inspired by the night .	Past
Nectoux writes of its undulating outline , and the " almost improvisatory , questioning character " of the opening .	Pres
Pinkas , however , regards the work as a " contrast between ambiguity and joy , ending in reassurance . "	Pres
Morrison suggests that its funereal effect of tolling bells may also reflect the composer 's own state of anguish , with deafness encroaching .	Pres
Nectoux writes that along with the sixth , it is " incontestably the most moving and inspired of the series . "	Pres
For Pinkas , the work " achieves a perfect equilibrium between late-style simplicity and full-textured passionate expression . "	Pres
The repeat of the opening section completes the work .	Pres
His son Philippe recalled , " he would far rather have given his Nocturnes , Impromptus , and even his Barcarolles the simple title Piano Piece no .	Past
Duchen likens the effect of this in the barcarolles to that of a reflection shining up through the water .	Pres
It opens with a simple phrase that is quickly elaborated into trills reminiscent of Chopin .	Pres
The middle section , like that of the first , keeps the melody in the middle register with delicate arpeggiated ornaments above and below .	Pres
Dedicated to Mme la Baronne V. d 'Indy , the fifth barcarolle was written after a five-year period in which Fauré composed nothing for the piano .	Past
Koechlin brackets the sixth and seventh of the set together as a contrasting pair .	Pres
The Fauré scholar Roy Howat writes of a " sensuous insouciance " with an underlying virtuosity and wit under the " deceptively nonchalant surface " .	Pres
Dedicated to Suzanne Alfred-Bruneau , the eighth barcarolle opens in with a cheerful theme , which soon gives way to melancholy .	Past
Dedicated to Laura , daughter of the composer Isaac Albéniz .	Past
The eleventh and twelfth of the set can be viewed as another contrasting pair .	Past
Dedicated to Louis Diémer , the twelfth barcarolle is an " allegretto giocoso " .	Past
It opens in what was by now for Fauré a rare uncomplicated theme , in the traditional Venetian manner , but is developed in more subtle rhythms .	Pres
Dedicated to Mlle Sacha de Rebina , the second impromptu maintains an airy tarantella rhythm .	Past
Dedicated to " Madame de Marliave " ( Marguerite Long ) , the fourth impromptu was Fauré 's return to the genre in his middle period .	Past
Morrison , however , writes that the work " seethes with unrest " .	Pres
Cortot , by contrast , spoke approvingly of their " sensual grace ... perfect distinction ... impassioned tenderness . "	Past
Orledge observes that the right-hand figuration at the end of No 1 is remarkably similar to that at the end of Chopin 's Waltz in E minor .	Pres
In No 2 Nectoux detects the additional influence of Liszt ( " Au bord d 'une source " ) in the opening bars .	Pres
After gentle variation , it equally gently fades to silence at the end .	Pres
Morrison regards it as an experiment on Fauré 's part .	Pres
The " Pavane " ( 1887 ) was conceived and originally written as an orchestral piece .	Past
Boult commented that the composer 's sprightly tempo emphasised that the " Pavane " was not a piece of German romanticism .	Past
The piece , in G minor , contrasts a gravely noble " andante moderato " theme representing Penelope with a forthright theme for Ulysses .	Pres
When he moved on to another publisher , Hamelle ignored his earlier instructions and issued subsequent editions with titles for each piece .	Past
Morrison writes that this prélude , with its " stammering and halting progress " conveys an inconsolable grief .	Pres
The prélude is withdrawn in mood ; Jankélévitch wrote that it " belongs from beginning to end to another world . "	Past
This short , skittish piano work for four hands sends up themes from " The Ring " .	Pres
He sat the competitive examination for the Indian Civil Service in 1882 and was subsequently appointed , arriving in India on 11 December of that year .	Past
Lt. Gait acted as president of the society from 1915 to 1920 while he was taking his office in Patna .	Past
On 16 August 2013 , Martínez renewed his contract with the " Verdiblancos " until 2017 , and was immediately loaned to second level club Real Murcia .	Past
On 18 August 2015 , Martínez was loaned to Elche CF in a season-long deal .	Past
Upon returning to the " Estadio Benito Villamarín " , he acted mainly as a backup to new signing Riza Durmisi .	Past
Chevrolet again swept the season .	Past
Less than a week later , the plaintiff ceded her property to the defendant .	Past
Divorce proceedings were instituted three days later , and an agreement of settlement was reached at the end of May .	Past
Accordingly , the " in pari delicto " rule was relaxed in this case .	Past
He counts 4 tries scored , 20 points in aggregate .	Pres
However , this decision was overturned on 10 January 2012 .	Past
Fiber placement machines are generally rated in ( lb / h ) , ( lb / min ) or weight per time .	Past
He begs her parents to have her , even at the point of elopement ( taking her through the window ) .	Pres
All three are surmounted by ventilators in the form of chimneys , faced with ceramics .	Past
It leased the Polaroid production plant and developed new instant film products for use in some existing Polaroid cameras , beginning mass production and sales in 2010 .	Past
They generated USD270,000 in profit on USD4 million in revenue and sold 500,000 + units .	Past
Impossible has licensed its name to stores in Germany , Spain and London .	Past
These were disassembled along with the factories that used to produce the film when Polaroid filed for Chapter 11 .	Past
It supports the iPhone 4 , 4s , 5 , 5c and 5s , as well as the iPod Touch .	Pres
A slide toggle on the top of the camera switches between the two lenses .	Pres
The complexity of developing new generations of ( prototype ) instant film was depicted in the 2017 documentary " Instant Dreams . "	Past
It comprises four species of marine suspension-feeders .	Pres
Formed in 1871 by Swedish-Americans settling in the area , the church served the local population for 138 years before closing in 2009 .	Past
When founded , the church was affiliated with the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Synod in North America .	Past
The Kansas Lake Church was housed in many different buildings throughout its history .	Past
However , after 18 years in the original structure , the congregation outgrew it and in 1889 moved to their new church .	Past
Under UV Light the colored threads glow .	Pres
The company is headquartered near Beyoğlu , İstanbul .	Past
Lescon sponsors high profile athletes and sports teams around the world , with the highly recognized trademarks of " Göreceksin Kazanmak Gibisi Yok " .	Pres
Lescon produces a wide range of sports equipment .	Pres
Lescon has contracted with more than 44 shops around the world and has offices located in 1 countries outside the Turkey .	Past
Along with his 4 siblings , he immigrated to the United States in 1898 .	Past
Cafritz scouted the Maine Avenue Fish Market for fish for the store and sold newspapers on 15th Street , near the United States Department of the Treasury .	Past
A marine subtropical fish , it grows up to in length .	Pres
alliantgroup assists companies in obtaining tax incentives for specific activities .	Pres
It is classed as a level 7 qualification in the National Qualifications Framework .	Past
After the 1980 census , the Virginia House of Delegates switched entirely to single-member districts , after a year of legislative and legal wrangling .	Past
Maxwell was reelected without opposition in 1985 and 1989 .	Past
Josh Wagner chairs the seven-member Board of Education while Dr. Lynn Moody serves as the fifth superintendent of the combined system .	Pres
Educational progress happened more rapidly in the city of Salisbury than in the rest of the county .	Past
Cook devised a plan for school improvement and new school construction which the county commissioners and the citizens promptly adopted in 1924 .	Past
The separate Black schools were phased out , but many opposed to racial integration still put up a fight .	Past
This was aggravated by a strong Klan presence in the area .	Past
This Salisbury Graded School District was centered on the school and offices on Ellis Street .	Past
The Salisbury Graded School had grown much from its origins and the city build a high school separate from the other grades in 1904 .	Past
At issue in the merger talks primarily was redistricting and racial balance in the schools .	Pres
She had been superintendent of Rock Hill Schools system .	Past
Classrooms are transforming to increase rigor and engagement through CCRP : Connected-Learning , Collaboration , Relevancy , and Personalization .	Pres
Prior to the merger of the city and county systems , spending per-pupil differed greatly between the city and county schools .	Past
The City of Salisbury supplemented the spending more than the County of Rowan did .	Past
It oversees the largest WILD Environmental Education Site in North Carolina with a 600-acre research area .	Pres
Most of his plays were staged at the Ravindra Bharti , the center of performing arts in Hyderabad , AP .	Past
Then , the helicopter impacted several times over the terrain as the pilot tried to land the aircraft safely .	Past
Blake Mora 's last Twitter post before his death recalled the previous death of the former Secretary of Interior , Juan Camilo Mouriño :	Past
The question of whether this incident was a mere coincidence or a conspiracy has been discussed in numerous newspapers , blogs , and other internet sites .	Past
Although not proven , these high-profile deaths have fueled speculations on whether they were foul plays by the drug cartels .	Past
Experts in the Mexican Air Force will also be aiding in the investigations .	Pres
Investigations by the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation prove that the pilot of the helicopter did not lose control of the aircraft .	Pres
Felipe Calderón inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " José Francisco Blake Mora " on 11 October 2012 .	Past
They both were the thirty-first pair eliminated , of 39 contestants in the competition .	Past
In 2010 she was convened by journalist Luis Ventura in Uruguay for a program called " The City " .	Past
The school for boys would be administered by the Jesuit Fathers , but there was no one to whom a school for girls could be entrusted .	Past
Thus Cepari envisioned a community of women who would dedicate themselves to this undertaking .	Past
Their charter initially permitted only women of noble birth to join the society , with novices required to demonstrate their lineage .	Past
This rule was subsequently amended to permit the inclusion of commoners who were nominated by the " Madre Prelata " and then approved by the Council .	Past
Levinge sat the competitive examination for the Indian Civil Service in the same year .	Past
was reissued as two expanded editions titled Brava !	Past
In early August 2010 , Paulina talked on her first Twitcam about her upcoming projects including her next studio album .	Past
She also hoped that the first single of the new material would be released in the middle or the end of 2011 .	Past
She also talked about " Cásate Con Tu Mamá " , which is a song about a man with the Oedipus Complex Syndrome .	Past
The song has been remixed several times .	Past
A marine , tropical , demersal fish , it grows up to length .	Pres
International Paint , abbreviated as International , is a brand of the Marine & Protective Coatings business unit of AkzoNobel .	Past
The name International was then coined as their paint brand .	Past
She currently defends Sollys / Osasco and represents the Brazilian national team .	Pres
The U.S. Forestry ceded to the War Department the Choctawhatchee National Forest on 18 October 1940 .	Past
A Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) camp was erected at Valparaiso , Florida , from November 1940 for the CCC workers engaged in base construction .	Past
Submitted to the WPA headquarters in Washington , D.C. , in late March , the request received presidential approval in April .	Past
The 11 November 1941 deadline for completion was beaten by almost a month .	Past
The Air Proving Ground Command was activated on 1 April 1942 .	Past
16 B-25s were then flown to Naval Air Station Alameda , California on 31 March for embarkation aboard .	Past
Tests indicated that the center of gravity was improperly located , making the aircraft unstable .	Past
Consolidated worked on the prototype , equipped the aircraft with wide-blade propellers and subjected the plane to a weight-reduction program .	Past
A battleship-sized target float was anchored in the Choctawhatchee Bay , on water range 60 , just south of the Lake Lorraine area of Shalimar , Florida .	Past
These were flown through a barrage of searchlights over Fort Barrancas where the olive drab and matte black planes were easily spotted .	Past
The whole P-60 project is cancelled in May 1944 .	Past
Between May 1944 and June 1945 , the 477th endured thirty-eight unit moves . "	Past
The effect was devastating to the success of the training program .	Pres
A single vertical tail was tested on a Consolidated B-24D Liberator flown with a Douglas B-23 Dragon fin on 6 March 1943 .	Past
Gen. Arnold witnessed a test on 15 February .	Past
Fragmentation bombs seemed to be the most effective . "	Past
Various fusing delays were investigated .	Past
Lee J. Cobb , portraying an Army Air Force briefing officer , narrated one of the film reports on the project .	Past
The P-54 project was canceled and the airframe grounded to support the first prototype at Wright Field , Ohio .	Past
In June 2010 , Walton County officials commemorated the loss with a plaque to mark the area as an historic site .	Past
It climbed rapidly , stalled , and crashed 400 yards from the launch point .	Past
On 28 December 1944 , Eglin reverted to " Eglin Field " as part of a new standardization practice by the USAAF .	Past
The 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Group was activated at Eglin Field , Florida , on 6 February 1946 , operating out of Auxiliary Field 3 .	Past
Nothing materialized , however , until the Korean War when the Far East Air Forces ordered and used the Tarzon , a Tallboy-Razon combination . "	Past
Program canceled post-war due to other more promising types being developed .	Past
The actual cost , at the end of construction , had risen to $ 5,500,000 , indicative of the many problems encountered by the designers and builders .	Past
Without higher supply and personnel priorities , very little else could be accomplished .	Past
On 7 November 1948 , the second prototype of the Republic Republic XR-12-RE Rainbow reconnaissance design , " 44-91003 " , crashed at 1300 hrs .	Past
Five of the seven crew escaped safely and were rescued by Eglin crash boats and helicopters .	Past
Airframe impacted two miles ( 3 kilometers ) south of the base , in the Choctawhatchee Bay .	Past
In the spring of 1949 , the 3200th Proof Test Group tested launching Republic-Ford JB-2s from the wings of B-36 bombers at Eglin AFB .	Past
About a year later , JB-2s were tested as aerial targets for experimental infrared gunsights .	Past
After a particular target had been selected by the gunner-radar operator , the system automatically tracked the target within its angular limits in both range and direction .	Past
The first mission was flown on 25 October 1949 , over Eglin AFB Gunnery Range , at .	Past
On 1 November , the wing flew its second APG-3 Tail Turret System evaluation test .	Past
Both fighters and the B-36B assigned to the 26th Bomb Squadron , 11th Bomb Group , staged out of Eglin AFB .	Past
Two North American F-82 Twin Mustang fighters from Bergstrom AFB , Austin , Texas , intercepted the bomber at in the vicinity of Austin .	Past
A third test of the APG-3 system was flown out of Eglin AFB on 7 November .	Past
Samuel M. Cable , and the men of the 550th Guided Missiles Wing .	Past
Its pneumatic landing gear and brake system was tested under the coldest conditions in the large climatic facility there .	Past
The rest of the airframe was scrapped 28 February 1952 .	Past
The APG also reassumed control of the 320 _ ( ? )	Past
Also tested was the Chase XC-123 Avitruc modified from the Chase XCG-20 glider , and a Fairchild C-119C Flying Boxcar .	Past
The test aircraft was modified with a 48-inch diameter opening in place of the aft-belly turret and with an elongated tailhook at the rear of the aircraft .	Past
The new command was activated on 23 January 1950 with Major General David M. Schlatter as its commander .	Past
The bombers flew out of Carswell south to Port Arthur , Texas .	Pres
At Port Arthur the bombers picked up their escort fighters and headed east to Florida reaching the Eglin Range .	Past
Several F-86 fighters from Eglin AFB intercepted the bombers en route to targets in the area .	Past
Due to past mechanical problems , the bombardier was briefed to open the bomb bay doors at the Initial Point ( IP ) .	Past
The mission was flown in the Eglin AFB Range , Florida .	Past
These tests were depicted in the film " On the Threshold of Space " , shot at Eglin in 1955 .	Past
" The F-86Fs convinced the Night Owl observers of their effectiveness .	Past
From March to October 1954 , the Korean People 's Air Force Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15bis was tested at Eglin AFB .	Past
After the flight , his first in a MiG since the day he defected , he commented " It is a fast , fast car " .	Past
While there , the squadron transitioned into the B-57A Canberra and conducted evaluation testing of the aircraft .	Past
In 1956 the unit transitioned to the B-66B Destroyer , the first squadron to equip with the new tactical bomber .	Past
Following three years of peacetime operations at Eglin , the unit was again inactivated on 25 June 1958 , due to budget cuts later in the year .	Past
Returning to Eglin on 12 May 1958 , the unit was inactivated 25 June 1958 .	Past
The third drone was landed at Indian Springs according to plan .	Past
Landing rolls ranged from 700 to 950 feet , while takeoff rolls ranged from 1080 to 2168 feet .	Past
These were undergoing acceptance inspection and having special instrument equipment installed at month 's end .	Pres
Oyster shell is being dredged from Choctawhatchee Bay and delivered to Garnier Bayou by barge .	Past
The project will be financed by funds sponsored by the Federal Housing Authority .	Past
A maintenance crew of 17 men from the 3243 Test Squadron ( Electronics Maintenance ) is accompanying the project to Eielson .	Pres
The two F-100Cs , will be integrated into the Alaskan Air Defense system during the duration of the test . "	Past
Maj. Robert R. Hull piloted one plane , with Capt .	Past
Hollywood stunt flyer and combat veteran Paul Mantz , was contracted by Stanley Warner to fly his specially built B-25 in filming a number of aerial sequences .	Past
Other target aircraft were supplied by Strategic Air Command and interceptors by Air Defense Command .	Past
Three F-102A Delta Daggers were deployed to Eglin AFB in December 1956 for GAR-1D Falcon missile firing trials .	Past
The first of the two aircraft to arrive was piloted by Capt .	Past
The other ' J ' was flown by Lt. Col. Max E. Wolfson with Capt .	Past
It was anticipated that the new tower would be completed in late summer or early fall .	Past
As a result , the GAR-1D re-entered service in mid-1958 .	Past
The F-51 was flown to Eglin from the Air Force Museum in Dayton , Ohio , by Lt. Col. Walter A. Rosenfield , Jr .	Past
It will be flown in the Aerial Firepower Demonstration by Capt .	Past
A 7th Bomb Wing B-36 was flown to Eglin AFB , on 24 May 1957 for static display .	Past
Out of 65 tests , all others either were cancelled or were outright failures .	Past
Detachment # 1 departed for Eglin on 8 June 1959 .	Past
Also on show was a GAM-63 Rascal , mounted on a DB-47 Stratojet launch aircraft .	Past
However , President Eisenhower halted the operation a week before it occurred following two Oval Office meetings with senior military and civilian officials .	Past
AEC Chairman Lewis Strauss ' questioned the possible adverse public reaction ' " if the operation went ahead .	Past
On June 27 , 1958 , Lewis Strauss , Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and others discussed the Eglin operation with President Eisenhower .	Past
A month later , as test preparations proceeded , another White House meeting was convened .	Past
The wing was reassigned to the Eighth Air Force , 822nd Air Division on 1 January 1959 .	Past
All the buildings of the SAC Alert area were erected between 1958 and 1961 .	Past
RB-36D-1-CO Peacemaker , " 44-92088 " , was demonstrated at Eglin for Truman 's visit .	Past
This test , called Operation Blue Nose , verified the ability of the B-52 and missile to operate in temperatures as low as 75 degrees below zero .	Past
Designated the IM-99B , this missile underwent its inaugural service test on 13 April 1960 .	Past
In Cat II testing , the aircraft , its subsystems and components are evaluated under closely simulated tactical conditions .	Past
The Bomarc successfully executed a 180-degree turn to make the intercept .	Past
Another source lists the launch date as 19 September 1962 .	Pres
In the early 1960s , the Air Force investigated the conversion of the Cessna T-37 jet-powered primary trainer for counterinsurgency missions .	Past
In 1962 two T-37Bs , " 62-5950 " and " 62-5951 " were modified and tested at Eglin Air Force Base .	Past
The 4080th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing , Laughlin AFB , Texas , dispatched a Lockheed U-2A , piloted by Rudolf Anderson for static display .	Past
The Bomarc successfully executed a 180-degree turn to make the intercept .	Past
Flights of 24 hours , more than double the usual ten-hour missions , were refueled by KC-135 tankers .	Past
The USAF Tactical Air Warfare Center was activated on 1 November 1963 .	Past
It would be re-designated as the USAF Air Warfare Center on 1 October 1991 .	Past
Two other Eglin-based HU-16s were flown to Patrick Air Force Base , Florida , for alert missions during this launch .	Past
Initially designed to track satellites , new software installed in 1975 enabled the unit to track submarine-launched ballistic missiles , or SLBMs .	Past
In February 2003 , the unit was again re-designated , this time as the 20th SPCS .	Past
The 39th Bombardment Wing , Heavy , was activated on 15 November 1962 at Eglin AFB as a Strategic Air Command B-52G Stratofortress bombardment wing .	Past
The wing 's 62d Bomb Squadron flew B-52G 's which it acquired from the 301st Bomb Squadron .	Past
A C-47 was subsequently fitted with three Miniguns and side-firing tests began in September 1964 .	Past
300-6007 , was tested in the climatic laboratory .	Past
Nelson Gough was picked up by a modified C-123H Provider at Eglin .	Past
The 48th Air Rescue Squadron was redesignated the 48th Air Recovery Squadron on 1 February 1965 .	Past
At this time the 39th Bomb Wing was inactivated .	Past
During 1965 , F-5A Freedom Fighters were evaluated at Eglin under project Sparrow Hawk prior to being deployed to overseas under project Skoshi Tiger .	Past
In 1965 , the Air Force was initiating development of a low-cost guided bomb capability for its aircraft .	Pres
" In the summer of 1965 , a 15-man team tested and evaluated a Grumman E-2 Hawkeye at the Tactical Air Warfare Center at Eglin AFB .	Past
It was envisaged that the aircraft would be used in a forward-operating combat environment until a land-based command and control center would become operational .	Past
In response to this new threat , USAFTAWC originated and fielded the Wild Weasel program .	Past
Another Q-2C , which was cruising at 20,000 feet , was downed on 13 May .	Past
The 48th Air Recovery Squadron was redesignated the 48th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron on 8 January 1966 .	Past
In 1966 , HU-16 Albatrosses of the 48th ARRSq were deployed to Southeast Asia as Detachment 7 , based at Da Nang Air Base , South Vietnam .	Past
The 560th Civil Engineering Squadron was activated at Eglin AFB in November 1966 , located at Eglin Auxiliary Field 2 .	Past
Eleven C-130 Hercules transports were modified into HC-130P probe-and-drogue refuelers for CH-3 helicopters in 1966 – 67 , with training beginning at Eglin in 1966 .	Past
On 9 January 1967 , Tactical Airlift Command initiated Combat Lady , a test of classified weapons at Eglin AFB .	Past
This project was later canceled .	Past
In 1968 , the school was re-designated the U.S. Air Force Special Operations School .	Past
The 48th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron was redesignated the 48th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron , Training on 8 July 1967 .	Past
The AC-130A Spectre gunship was operationally tested at Eglin Air Force Base from 12 June to September 1967 under Project Gunship II .	Past
The prototype was then flown to Vietnam , arriving there on 21 September .	Past
The aircraft were equipped with a long , 57.75 inch nose fairing that housed an X-band forward-looking radar .	Past
Two rectangular aluminum weapons dispensers ( for CBU bomblets ) were stacked within the fuselage .	Past
In the event of an emergency , the entire load could be jettisoned manually .	Past
The USAF Bronco was then flown by Capt .	Past
On 7 February 1969 , the 48th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron , Training was inactivated at Eglin AFB .	Past
HC-130 tankers refueled the helicopters in this first transpacific helicopter flight .	Past
After initial flight tests in the Baltimore area , the gun B-57G was flown to Eglin in January 1971 .	Past
Three of four Pave Gat missions flown on 16 May were aborted due to equipment failures , causing loss of three more weeks of testing .	Past
Operational deployment was slipped to October 1971 on 13 May 1971 .	Past
Loaded with 4,000 rounds of ammunition , the Pave Gat B-57G could hit as many as 20 targets , three times as many as the bomb-carrying B-57G .	Past
Project Pave Gat was terminated 21 December 1971 .	Past
It was displayed at several open houses during this period at the base .	Past
The Porter , designated AU-23A , was fitted with a side-firing 20mm XM-197 Gatling cannon , four wing pylons and a center fuselage station for external ordnance .	Past
The initial aircraft used , " 72-1319 " , was leased from Helio and retained its civilian configuration , but it allowed basic flight testing to begin .	Past
The combat evaluation of the Credible Chase program was canceled in February 1972 , but the initial ( stateside ) evaluation was kept on the program schedule .	Past
The problems were resolved by 12 May , and the test program continued until completion on 22 May .	Past
Starting on 28 June , the AU-24As were flown to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base , Ariz. for storage .	Past
The Credible Chase program was canceled and no AU-24A was delivered to the Republic of Vietnam Air Force .	Past
On 10 May 1972 , an AU-23A , " 72-1309 " , crashed after an in-flight engine failure .	Past
The 4400th recommended the aircraft not be used in combat without a major upgrade program .	Past
On 30 June 1972 , the 4400th SOS ferried the AU-23As to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base , Arizona , for storage .	Past
One example , taken out to the range , was retrieved by helicopter for the infant Air Force Armament Museum .	Past
The last ADM-20C Quail operational test was flown at the Eglin AFB water test area on 13 July 1972 .	Past
The last AGM-28 Hound Dog operational test was flown at the Eglin AFB water test area on 24 July 1973 .	Past
An estimated 16,315 pounds of DU was expended at the site .	Past
Federal grants totaled $ 472,000 , state $ 80,000 , Okaloosa County bond sale $ 1.1 million , and Southern Airways $ 190,000 .	Past
Rain could be simulated from one to 15 inches per hour and humidity controlled between 20 and 100 percent .	Past
Construction was supervised by the Army Corps of Engineers , with the Beckman Construction Company of Fort Worth , Texas , doing the work .	Past
The final 16 refugees processed through the Eglin center departed on 15 September 1975 .	Past
It reads , in part : ' This trip report covers the writer 's observations of the 432nd TDG participation .	Pres
The operation clearly demonstrated TAC 's philosophy of sending in the decoy drones first to protect the manned jammers and fighter planes to follow . '	Past
In 1979 , the 4751st Air Defense Missile Squadron was inactivated .	Past
In 1981 the original building housing the Air Force Armament Museum was condemned and the facility closed until 1984 .	Past
Two Piper PA-48 Enforcers were tested during 1983 and 1984 at Eglin AFB , and Edwards AFB , California .	Past
Hope was named an honorary board member of the foundation in 1978 and held benefit concerts for nearly two decades .	Pres
In November 1984 , the Air Force Armament Museum reopened in a new building on State Highway 85 .	Past
The AIM-120A demonstrated its ability to achieve multiple targets .	Past
In the early morning hours of 17 January 1991 , Operation Desert Storm commenced .	Past
As the war progressed , the 58th flew 1,689 combat sorties and destroyed 15 other enemy aircraft .	Past
On 9 July 1991 , Lockheed F-117A , " 84-0824 " , c / n A.4038 , was flown to Eglin for climatic testing .	Past
The aircraft was prepped and then installed in the chamber using special fixtures and tooling designed to allow simulation of conditions in flight .	Past
On 1 October 1991 , the USAF Tactical Air Warfare Center , activated on 1 November 1963 , is re-designated as the USAF Air Warfare Center .	Past
The third production aircraft flew from Edwards AFB to the Florida base where it underwent pressurization and temperature control tests inside the climatic test facility .	Past
This airframe is now privately preserved on the U.S. register as N94422 .	Past
Fully remodelled and renovated at the cost of $ 72 million , the McKinley Climatic Laboratory reopened in June 1997 .	Past
In 1999 , the memorial was relocated to Eglin AFB , across the street from the now relocated EOD School .	Past
As part of the military drawdown in the 1990s , the Air Force inactivated the 33d Fighter Wing 's 59th Fighter Squadron on 15 April 1999 .	Past
The 59th reactivated as the 59th Test and Evaluation Squadron on 3 December 2004 , at Nellis Air Force Base , Nevada .	Past
The 55th Special Operations Squadron at Hurlburt Field was inactivated on 11 November 1999 .	Past
From June to August 2002 , F-22A Block 10 Raptor , " 91-4004 " , c / n 4004 , was tested in the McKinley Climatic Laboratory .	Past
The Lockheed Martin-designed LAM was flown without a Laser Radar ( LADAR ) seeker or warhead .	Past
Protective covers on the forward dome , scoring camera and turbojet inlet were ejected properly and engine start sequence began as scheduled .	Past
The test demonstrated the capability of weaponizing small , FCS Class II-category UAVs to engage multiple target threats .	Past
The BLU-108 brings a great deal of proven capability to the war fighter . "	Pres
The Sniper ATP was mounted on an A-10C Precision Engagement aircraft adjacent to the Maverick missile mounted on the LAU-88 missile rail .	Past
One source ascribes these aircraft as being the sole asset of the 486th Flight Test Squadron .	Pres
It flew a fully guided test flight using global positioning satellite and digital scene matching area correlator navigation .	Past
Seconds after launch , the Tomahawk transitioned to cruise flight .	Past
The launched missile executed a Vertical Dive Maneuver attack on the Eglin H-Target complex on the test range .	Past
The missile successfully flew approximately using GPS-only navigation which provided navigation updates en route to the target site .	Past
This capability enables developmental testing on an aircraft with full weather predictability .	Pres
This was the first Galaxy upgraded to C-5M standard , rolled out at Lockheed Marietta on 16 May 2006 and first flown on 19 June 2006 .	Past
Due to budget cuts , the contract services for the Eglin base library were terminated and the facility closed on 30 April 2014 until further notice .	Past
Ford has been testing here for a decade , and has contracts for the next three years .	Pres
Horn compiled a 60 – 63 overall record and a 23 – 45 SEC record during his tenure .	Past
Writer David Yezzi currently chairs the program , which has a strong reputation .	Pres
The aircraft was supplied as a complete factory-built aircraft only and no kits or plans were offered .	Past
The wing features tip rudders and ailerons combined with spoilers for roll control .	Pres
He presided the Indian Society for Chronobiology as its President from 2008 till 2017 .	Past
The main focus of his research involves study of circadian clocks in shift workers , cancer	Pres
He demonstrated alteration in temporal organization	Past
On 22 January 2014 , Sergio was loaned to Segunda División 's CD Lugo until the end of the season .	Past
On 2 February 2015 , after making no appearances during the campaign , Sergio was loaned to Gimnàstic de Tarragona from Segunda División B until June .	Past
Mid-day Sun was a bay horse bred in England by W. T. Sears .	Past
At the end of the season he was rated on 99 pounds , more than thirty pounds below the top-rated colt Foray .	Past
He then prepared for the Derby by winning a slowly run race for the Lingfield Derby Trial .	Past
He prepared for the Classic by winning the Manton Stakes at Salisbury on August 23 .	Past
Mid-day Sun was officially rated the best three-year-old colt of 1937 by the Jockey club handicapper .	Past
In 1950 Mid-day Sun was exported to New Zealand where he died in 1954 .	Past
Skåne University Hospital is closely affiliated with Malmö University and Lund University .	Past
As a result , the hospital has instituted protective measures .	Past
It is affiliated to the Catholic University of Leuven , Belgium .	Past
The seminary was formally inaugurated on 15 August 1998 by Mar Varkey Vithayathil , the then Apostolic administrator of the Syro-Malabar Church .	Past
It derives from the ṭūbā tree that Muslims believe grows in heaven .	Pres
It is often spelt " Tuğba " there , and that spelling has the same pronunciation as " Tuba " .	Past
Her family immigrated to England in the 1940s .	Past
In 1951 , he was re-called to active duty in the United States Air Force during the Korean War .	Past
FIFA restricted entry to players born after 1 January 1989 .	Past
In addition to an OMR 600,000 ( ~ US $ 1.56 million ) fine , he was sentenced to three years imprisonment .	Past
He was acquitted from all charges as part of a Royal pardon issued by Sultan Qaboos bin Said and released by on 6 June 2016 .	Past
It was delisted in 1987 , after it was demolished .	Past
He writes poems , novels , essays , literary criticism , but he is best known for his plays .	Pres
As of 2010 , this internationally notorious snowboarding event has multiplied .	Past
Chara elegans is a green alga species in the genus " Chara " .	Pres
J.P. Turner & Company was headquartered in Atlanta had some 180 independent branches nationwide .	Past
The firm shut down in July 2015 .	Past
Hardt is skilled in Taekwondo and Savate .	Past
His work explores software including Cubase 1.0 and Generator ( the precursor to Reaktor ) .	Pres
The reduced facies-type deposit of copper and cobalt was mined from 1913 to 1949 by the Union Miniere du Haut Katanga .	Past
Most of this was later mined in a small open pit .	Past
During his term on the Council , a discussion arose regarding plans to redevelop the Maine State Pier on Commercial Street on Portland 's Waterfront .	Past
However , Suslovic sided with the three Green Independents and one Republican on the Council and backed the plan by the Olympia Companies .	Past
Suslovic has advocated for enact ordinances that prohibit weapons in public buildings and at public gatherings .	Past
In 1856 , he enrolled at the Imperial Academy of Arts and studied with Alexey Markov .	Past
Corbell has consulted on films such as " I Am Number Four " and " Bunraku " , and for video games such as UFC Undisputed 2010 .	Past
While traveling overseas in 2004 to Nepal and India , Corbell contracted a near-fatal respiratory disease called Valley Fever .	Past
Over the years Corbell has exhibited numerous bodies of work in avant-garde locations , private settings and galleries across the United States .	Past
His invitational art events have generated national interest and press .	Past
" Death to Life " : Corbell disassembled computers and embedded them into vintage doors and windows harvested from local Los Angeles demolitions .	Past
Corbell explores the beliefs of people deep within the aerospace , military , conspiracy , extraterrestrial and underworld communities .	Pres
They talked about Corbell 's filmwork and the government 's acknowledged UFO identification program called AATIP or Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program .	Past
Cirrhopetalum elegans is an epiphyte orchid species in the genus " Cirrhopetalum " found in Malaya .	Pres
" More Than Ever " was re-released on CD in 2003 on the Wounded Bird label along with Sony Music .	Past
Located in the district and separately listed was the Commercial Hotel .	Past
If confirmed , it will be later upgraded to a silver after Apti Aukhadov tested positive for dehydrochloromethyltestosterone from samples taken in 2012 .	Past
Rostami 's medal was upgraded to a silver medal .	Past
It topped the " Billboard " Top R & B / Hip-Hop Albums making Azalea the first non-American female rapper to reach the top of the chart .	Past
The album was preceded by her debut single " Work " , and generated the US " Billboard " Hot 100 chart-topping single " Fancy " .	Past
Azalea travelled to the United States in 2006 , shortly before she turned 16 .	Past
She recalled , " My mum was crying , saying , ' Just be safe . '	Past
I was thinking , ' I 'm going by myself .	Pres
Later that month , she embarked on yet another North American mini-concert tour with Roc Nation singer-songwriter Rita Ora , on her Ora Tour .	Past
Azalea then headlined a tour in Europe to support " TrapGold " .	Past
On 5 December 2013 , an unfinished song by Azalea titled " Leave It " and the tag produced by DJ Mustard , was leaked .	Past
" Fancy " also topped the " Billboard " Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart .	Past
In June , when asked details on her new music , she explained she had scrapped six months of work to start from scratch .	Past
I don 't want to go and promote my album and get asked about my relationship that has just crumbled . "	Pres
The media has dubbed the songs as a four-track mixtape or EP called " 4 My Ratz " .	Past
Although Azalea is Australian , she raps with a Southern U.S. accent .	Pres
" Salon " writer Brittney Cooper critiqued Azalea 's " co-optation and appropriation of sonic Southern Blackness , particularly the sonic Blackness of Southern Black women . "	Past
I don 't want people to think it 's not something I care about .	Pres
I 'm marrying a black man and my children will be half black – of course I care about these things . "	Pres
She further dismisses the legitimacy of the racial controversy , believing sexism to be the true cause of criticism .	Pres
They resided together in Tarzana , California .	Past
Additionally , each club was fined $ 50,000 from the NRL .	Past
For their parts , Glenn Stewart and Adam Blair were both banned for three and five matches respectively .	Past
Then-NRL CEO David Gallop condemned the actions of both teams , saying :	Past
Culturally and ethnically , Markovits was of Hungarian Jewish extraction , and socially belonged to the lower classes .	Past
Markovits was mobilized into the Austro-Hungarian Army a few months into the conflict .	Past
" Szibériai garnizon " was originally serialized by " Keleti Újság " during 1927 .	Past
The next year , it was reissued as two volumes .	Past
Overall , reviewers agree that the volume is hard to classify in the grid of established genres .	Pres
To the background of historical events , " Szibériai garnizon " explores existential themes .	Pres
The one sustained effort against apathy is mounted by a militaristic and loyalist group of prisoners , who establish a Siberian branch of Turul Society .	Past
Chinezu reads this in Markovits ' depiction of officers , including aged ones , who quickly retrain and build themselves lucrative careers as shoemakers or shopkeepers .	Pres
The Romanian critic concludes : " the eternal opposition of exploiters and exploited takes its form here , in the heart of Asia . "	Pres
The spark of revolution achieves the destruction of social convention , but also replaces monotony with the presentment of doom .	Pres
The extraordinary , the apocalyptic are metamorphosed into diurnal experience . "	Past
With " Reb Ancsli és más avasi zsidókról szóló széphistóriák " , Markovits alienated his Hungarian Romanian public , a fact noted by Ivan Sanders .	Pres
Editura Dacia republished " Garnizoana din Siberia " , and his work was included in a commemorative anthology of writers from Satu Mare County .	Past
The writer 's home in Gherţa Mică is preserved as the Rodion Markovits Memorial House .	Past
It sits on a sandstone foundation and has a gable roof topped by a belfry rebuilt in 2004 .	Pres
The ride is varied by location and is located at three different Cedar Fair parks .	Past
The name " " Aulosira " " was invented by biologists .	Past
They were coached by head coach Gary Barnett .	Past
Bijl switches in his work between political activity and street culture as he does between the media of image , text and music .	Pres
He exposes the superficialities , icons and myths of popular culture in his work to stimulate the spectator to contemplate about moral and ethical issues .	Pres
Bijl employs visual elements borrowed from punk and Gothic subcultures and from anarchism .	Pres
Bijl adapts these classical works to his own corporate style .	Pres
He seeks a more abstract formal language that is in many respects more ambiguous than his earlier vocabulary .	Pres
Bijl undermines systems but at the same time he is depended on these systems .	Pres
His work is clearly rooted in street culture and possesses elements of graffiti , performance and installation art .	Past
In these installations he sprays with graffiti short messages on places in the public space .	Pres
In 2002 he sprayed RESIST on the entrance to the exhibition space Portikus in Frankfurt am Main .	Past
In January 2009 he sprayed the words MODERN CRISIS on the same entrance to the Fridericianum .	Past
He surfed on their strategies and demanded his place within the economic and urban-planning establishment .	Past
With this he reacted on the art system using that systems own rules .	Past
In bookshops his artist 's book was hardly distinguishable from an actual edition of Flash Art .	Pres
He also relates to the geometrical language of shapes of Piet Mondrian .	Pres
Kevin Malone ( Brian Baumgartner ) proposes several vending machine ideas that capture California 's imagination .	Pres
Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) thinks that a field trip to Gettysburg would boost office morale .	Pres
They reinforce the fact that his co-workers like him the way he is .	Pres
Dwight maintains that its absence from the history books is an example of re-writing history , whereas Oscar maintains that the battle is a fictitious creation .	Pres
After tracking down a historian , Dwight and Oscar learn that the Battle of Schrute Farms did in fact take place .	Pres
Meanwhile , Gabe Lewis ( Zach Woods ) is sidetracked by another tour group who assume that he is an Abraham Lincoln impersonator .	Past
He acquiesces and delivers an improvised but applauded performance .	Pres
Meanwhile , at the office , half of the office opts to stay behind .	Pres
However , the office fails to impress Robert with their ideas .	Pres
The episode also marks the second appearance of Lindsey Broad , who plays Cathy , Pam 's replacement during her maternity leave .	Pres
... Andy and California seem off point . "	Pres
An " L " -shaped addition dates to 1974 .	Past
He also coached Michael Robinson to a Heisman Trophy finalist season in 2005 .	Past
A small portion of a chamber that is a model of the ISS was rented and used as the set for the ISS .	Past
Still , I hope things settle down soon , because so far this season , it ’ s all been a bit of a bummer " .	Pres
Jesse Schedeen of " IGN " criticized the storylines , writing that " The entire episode was pretty much predicated on two jokes ...	Past
The complex consist of ten buildings , six of which are contributing to the historic place .	Pres
They publish magazines / books , and push magazine content downloads to devices worldwide .	Pres
They have secured over $ 20M US in funding .	Past
PixelMags then prepares the material by providing these actions : content analysis , preparation and deconstruction ; quality control ; piracy tracking and distribution .	Pres
According to the Brown Daily Herald , the startup had dispersed more than $ 100,000 in 70 loans to Providence entrepreneurs by January , 2011 .	Past
As of 2017 , Good Fund has dispersed just over $ 2,000,000 in 1,560 loans and graduated over 1,000 families of their Financial Health & Coaching Program .	Past
The amount and terms vary by state and product .	Pres
Ordained in 1979 , Randriamanana was named bishop in 1999 , dying in office .	Past
Trimethoprim / sulfadoxine is contraindicated in cattle or swine that show marked liver parenchymal damage or blood dyscrasias , or those with a history of sulfonamide sensitivity .	Past
On May 12 , 1947 , she danced with Jerome Robbins in the premiere of his " Summer Day " at New York City Center .	Past
The Dawn of Destiny " brings the world of the popular trading card game to Xbox owners .	Pres
" The Owl and the Pussycat " was critiqued for Streisand 's inclusion of talking rather than singing .	Past
Commercially , the album only charted in the United States and Canada .	Past
The record 's five song titles correlate with different scenes in the film and are primarily rock-influenced .	Past
Criticism towards the soundtrack was aimed at the absence of Streisand 's vocals .	Past
During his service period he secured the combined Australian services light heavyweight boxing title .	Past
de Belin resumed his playing career with Balmain in 1946 .	Past
After breaking his leg in the first match of the tour , he recovered to make three Test appearances .	Past
He was also inducted into the Balmain Tigers ' Hall of Fame .	Past
Founded in 1267 , it was suppressed in 1539 , and allowed to fall into ruin .	Past
In June 10 , the Ministry of People 's Defense secretly summoned all division and brigade commanders to Pyongyang for the meeting .	Past
In the meantime , Kim Il-sung informed Joseph Stalin that the war will be started on June 25 , and Stalin consented the plan .	Past
His father having died in 1943 , Ciclitira and his brother John revived the family business in the late 1950s , forming Demos Ciclitira Ltd .	Past
The release was pushed back to December 2013 .	Past
By the time Iron Man arrives to investigate , he and Hulk find themselves facing the newly created energy creature Zzzax .	Pres
However , Pineda was upgraded from the silver medal to the gold as Castillo tested positive for banned substances .	Past
His career spanned from 1968 to 1976 ; employing legendary NASCAR driver Ray Elder through 26 races of his career .	Past
Not to be confused with his father , Gabriel Valdes .	Past
In 1971 , the college again reorganized , separating the department into a Department of Quantitative Methods and a Department of Finance .	Past
In 1981 , the Louisiana Real Estate Commission Chair in Real Estate , the first fully endowed chair on the LSU campus , was established .	Past
In 2005 , the name was officially shortened to the E. J. Ourso College of Business .	Past
The college also recently unveiled its state-of-the-art Business Education Complex , designed to provide business students with a " campus within a campus . "	Past
Chad Olivier , CFP ® , president of the Baton Rouge Financial Planning Association , has vocally voiced his support of the program .	Past
The association strives to promote the development of skills and knowledge beneficial to employment and investment opportunities in the real estate field .	Pres
Through its efforts , the SREA yields a supportive network of students with the singleness of purpose to prosper in the real estate industry .	Pres
LeeRoy Yarbrough and British-born driver Brian Redman have also driven for Giachetti .	Past
The settlement is administered as a part of Lovinac municipality .	Past
Princess Elisabeth never remarried and survived her husband by almost 70 years .	Past
In 2008 , Hillcrest licensed its technology to Kodak , for the Kodak Theatre HD Player and Pointer Remote .	Past
Also in 2008 , Universal Electronics and Texas Instruments licensed Freespace for use in remote controls .	Past
Hulu blocked users of Kylo from accessing the site .	Past
Freespace Motion Control Technology combines intelligent motion algorithms with MEMS accelerometers , gyroscopes and other sensors to translate natural motions into cursor movement .	Pres
The software compensates for human tremor and inadvertent movement , consistently generating intended cursor movement .	Pres
Replacing the traditional 50-button remote control , the Loop senses the viewer ’ s wrist movements and translates the gestures into onscreen movement .	Pres
A fourth Hillcrest patent ( for graphical interfaces displayed on television screens ) was also allegedly violated .	Past
Her parents immigrated to Israel from St. Petersburg , Russia , in 1991 .	Past
Rivkin was coached by Ela Samofalov .	Past
In 2013 , Rivkin withdrew from the Holon Grand Prix due to an illness .	Past
An inquiry was filed regarding Rivkin 's score by the Israeli Gymnastics Federation , but was rejected .	Past
Other sources disagree that the elder Hezekiah Balch was his father referring to the man as his cousin .	Pres
After being named the college president , Balch traveled through New England raising money for the new college .	Past
" Beneath this Marble repose the mortal remains of the	Past
by the Presbytery of Donegal in 1766 , ordained to the full	Past
who prepared that immortal document the Mecklenburg	Past
Delivered to the Navy on 16 June 1964 , " Chesaning " was assigned to the 6th Fleet at Naval Base La Maddelena , Italy .	Past
Parts of the outdated installations have been preserved as a historical site .	Past
On 19 June Parliament allocated additional spending to purchase the land Russekeila from Arthur S. Lewin .	Past
The transmission and lighthouse equipment was shipped from Oslo on 24 June , arrived 8 July and was unloaded by 13 July .	Past
Ingøy Radio was bombed by the German Luftwaffe on 6 June 1940 during World War II .	Past
The Norwegian population on Svalbard was evacuated to Scotland on 3 September 1941 .	Past
It was supplemented with a radio building and a barracks for 21 people .	Past
The new station was equipped with radio bearing .	Past
Neither vessel had been equipped with this and it was argued that a radio at Isfjord Radio could be used to aid vessels traveling up the fjord .	Past
The reflector blew down in a storm on 5 March 1976 , and a temporary connection with four lines could not be reestablished until 1 April .	Past
Because of the size of the reflector it could not be flown up and not until the summer could the relay be re-established .	Past
This work had commenced in 1972 and resulted two years later in Norway receiving four concessions to operate smaller than normal receives .	Past
The idea was reconsidered in 1995 , this time the idea was approved .	Past
Committees empower members to take an active role in bringing the chamber mission to life .	Pres
AllMusic 's Jon O 'Brien reviewed " Crazy Noise " and noted that it was " the first to be targeted specifically toward a preschool audience " .	Past
" , which was aimed " especially for preschoolers and early school age children " .	Past
He supervised a number of other business journals across the country and several publications devoted to NASCAR racing for Newhouse / Advance .	Past
During the 1980s , the centre was refurbished and a roof was built .	Past
The 19th century-built offices of the local building company Fassnidge were also refurbished and included in the new development , becoming a PizzaExpress restaurant .	Past
“ Very well , ” replied Nitschmann , “ I am a carpenter , and will ply my trade . ”	Past
Moravian missionaries baptized 13,000 converts before any other missionaries arrived on the scene .	Past
He owns the Rothiemurchus estate , including Rothiemurchus Forest , in the Scottish Highlands .	Pres
Upon her death in 2011 , Dysart inherited her titles .	Past
He was inducted into the St .	Past
He repeated this feat at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , becoming the second man to complete the long-distance double after Argentina 's Osvaldo Suárez .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 182 athletes from about 7 countries :	Pres
ROC supports the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013 .	Pres
The organization also undertakes research on the state of the food industry with a special focus on issues that affect food workers .	Pres
ROC 's more than 15 published reports have been widely cited and covered by media .	Past
In addition , the House Committee on Education and the Workforce is investigating whether ROC should be subject to federal labor laws .	Pres
The fastest lap for each session is indicated with bold .	Past
Before his appointment to the Commission , Chernomyrdin oversaw the Soviet national oil industry as minister from 1985-1989 .	Past
The energy agreements and policies of the Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission were facilitated by Secretary of Energy Hazel O 'Leary and Minister of Fuel and Energy Yuri Shafranik .	Past
The Commission also prohibited the use of plutonium in nuclear weapons .	Past
The U.S. hoped to increase investment in the Russian economy , while also hoping to open U.S. businesses in Russia .	Past
The trade and business policies were aided by Secretary of Commerce Ron Brown and Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Economic Relations Oleg Davydov .	Past
Eve has progressed through the youth teams of Bermuda and was called up to the senior squad in November 2011 .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 168 athletes from about 6 countries :	Pres
The Apocalypse of John in Culture and Ideology " ( Sheffield : Sheffield Phoenix Press , 2009 ) ; co-edited with J. Økland .	Past
Most practiced the trade part-time ; few continued past age 30 .	Past
By 1847 , the 24-year-old White was managing the brothel at 120 Church Street where she used to work .	Pres
White was rumored to be so angry that she followed him to a hotel and attacked him with a riding whip .	Past
" The Life and Death of Fanny White " , however , alleges that White legally changed her name before she left for Europe .	Pres
Her body was packed in ice and taken to Green-Wood Cemetery to be interred .	Past
On October 20 , 1860 , the Coroner affirmed the verdict of death by apoplexy .	Past
Blankman 's siblings contested the will , claiming that it had been forged by her husband after her death .	Past
Once again , Blankman 's siblings appealed , but the New York Supreme Court upheld the verdict in late September .	Past
A person on the phone informs her that her uncle , an archaeologist , have gone missing .	Pres
Then she travels to the archaeological site in Gozo , where , she believes , she might find her uncle .	Pres
She suspects that her uncle 's disappearance has something to do with this .	Pres
Until 1862 the Jewish settlement there was restricted by the authorities , because of Sataniv 's closeness to the Austrian border .	Past
A rural Jewish council existed in the Soviet period .	Past
800 people were officially murdered by the Germans , most of whom were Jews .	Past
In 2009 , she quit the show business to focus on working as a " heilpraktiker " .	Past
Her parents were Leopold , Hereditary Prince of Anhalt and Princess Elisabeth of Hesse-Kassel ( 1861-1955 ) .	Past
Princess Elisabeth never remarried and survived her husband by almost 70 years .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 212 athletes from about 7 countries :	Pres
This emaki belongs to the classical style of Japanese painting known as " yamato-e " and revives the iconography of the Heian period .	Pres
This difference in time indicates that the original emaki most likely consisted of more scrolls than exist today .	Pres
Finally , the contours are enhanced or revived in ink to emphasize the depth .	Past
The extant parts correspond to about 15 percent of the original diary and are not in sequence .	Pres
Named after its former owner , the Hachisuka clan , rulers of the Tokushima Domain in Awa Province , this scroll is privately owned .	Past
Murasaki Shikibu is seated closest to the monk directly behind the screen .	Past
However its content can be matched to a scene from the diary in which Murasaki Shikibu expresses her sorrows as a widow worrying about the future .	Past
She relates how she is gazing dreamily at the moon when she is " hopelessly sad " and lonely .	Pres
Formerly in possession of the , rulers of the Tatebayashi Domain in Kōzuke Province , the extant Fujita scroll alternates five sections of text and five paintings .	Pres
A sixth text only section has been preserved as a 19th-century copy from the original emaki .	Past
Some people were casting " da " others composed poems .	Pres
Michinaga welcomes them happily and distributes gifts among them .	Pres
Presents were exchanged between court nobles and the Emperor .	Past
Wondering whether she is too sinful , she yearns for a religious life .	Pres
Waterfowl floating on the water —	Pres
After dark she receives the following reply from Lady Koshosho :	Pres
O my tears down falling , longing after thee !	Pres
One part ( Morikawa edition ) , the fifth segment , is bequeathed to the Morikawa family and today in a private collection .	Past
Murasaki replies faintly , avoiding anything that could be regarded as flirting .	Pres
Together the two courtiers are requesting her to open the lower part of the door .	Pres
Like those segments , this scene is dated to the evening of the Ika-no-iwai celebration of Atsuhira-shinnō .	Past
Named after their present owners , it is known as the Morikawa clan edition .	Past
The painting is dominated by the massive figure of Fujiwara no Michinaga dressed in brocade jacket and trousers and placed in the centre of the room .	Past
Murasaki Shikibu and Saishō no Kimi are huddled near the border of the painting with heads bent down as a sign of submission and deference .	Past
On discovering the two court ladies in hiding , Michinaga demands a poem from each of them .	Pres
Despite being drunk , Michinaga answered quickly with another poem :	Past
Based on the topic , this scene resembles the Azumaya edition of the Genji emaki where another court noble demands a response from a woman .	Pres
The train of his garment is flowing down the staircase and he is watched by three courtiers positioned near the bottom of the stairs .	Pres
The next morning her nightly visitor reveals himself as Michinaga through a poem he sent to her .	Pres
She replies with the lines :	Pres
Both are squeezed in the corner of the image and appear to be talking to each other .	Past
They cooperate with the National Outreach Violence Project to match member surgeons willing to donate plastic and reconstructive surgeries to women who have been in abusive relationships .	Pres
In addition , he has donated his surgical skills to " Healing the Children " , an organization that treats similar disfigurements in Columbia and Thailand .	Past
When her son is born , Jim helps her find a home for the baby with Phil Marshall and his wife .	Pres
Margot insists that neither the Marshalls nor the child can ever know that she is his mother .	Pres
Phil overhears a conversation between Margot and Jessica which brings their engagement to an end .	Pres
Though she admits she loves Jim , he steps aside so that she can have a life with Roddy and Phil .	Pres
The company is headquartered in Waynesboro , Virginia .	Past
Upon completion of the sell Lumos Networks ceased to be a publicly traded company .	Past
They were particularly well-known in Saint Louis for their Christmas performances in the fashionable Scruggs Department Store .	Past
Nelly Mendham and Genevieve Albers were renowned for her colorful shadow puppetry .	Past
Pat Breithaupt also performs a ventriloquism act where she and her puppet often re-enact fairy tales .	Pres
The display was showcased in the Carousel Building at Faust Park in Chesterfield , Missouri .	Past
In 2010 the by-laws were amended with no restrictions on consecutive terms of office .	Past
Information also gleaned from a transcript of a speech delivered by guild member on the guild 's 25th anniversary .	Past
Colomby and Halee had also co-produced the group 's fourth album , " Blood , Sweat & Tears 4 " in 1971 .	Past
Interested in choral music , he founded the Moscow Choral Society in 1878 .	Past
The national flag was flown on half mast for three days following his death .	Past
Hameed was the Minister of Atolls at the time and his speech was interpreted as an official claim over the island .	Past
The team was subsequently relegated as it was second to last in its debut season .	Past
His father encouraged him to drink milk to try to increase his height .	Past
She currently resides in Long Island with her husband , and three children , ( the oldest being the best and most funny and creative ) .	Pres
Molde were defending champions in Tippeligaen and played through qualification for UEFA Champions League .	Pres
The complex comprises nine football fields and is located close to the Amsterdam Arena .	Pres
The letters " ajax " , visible on the training sites main grandstand , were previously mounted on Ajax old grounds at De Meer Stadion .	Past
It may be transliterated from Ukrainian as Zubryćkyj , from Russian as Zubritskiy or Zubritsky , as well as other forms .	Past
In the 2011 season he rode for Stoke Potters .	Past
The 1181st FSC , for example , shares the history of the 181st Infantry Regiment .	Pres
On July 12 , the regiment was mustered into the United States service with under Major Charles Devens , Jr .	Past
It was mustered out on 21 July 1864 in Worcester , MA .	Past
The land forces of the Massachusetts Volunteer Militia were redesignated as the Massachusetts National Guard on 15 November 1907 .	Past
The unit was demobilized 29 April 1919 at Camp Devens , Massachusetts .	Past
It was reorganized 15 March 1920 at Fitchburg , Massachusetts and reorganized 1 September 1920 as the 1st Supply Train .	Past
The unit was reorganized and redesignated 30 September 1921 as the 26th Division Train .	Past
The unit was reorganized and redesignated 26 May 1936 as Company C , 101st Quartermaster Regiment , an element of the 26th Division .	Past
The company was mobilized in January 1941 for one year of training with the Yankee Division .	Past
The 101st Quartermaster Regiment reorganized 12 February 1942 as follows :	Past
The unit was reorganized and redesignated 1 March 1988 as Company B , 726th Support Battalion .	Past
It was reorganized and redesignated 1 September 1992 as Company B , 114th Support Battalion .	Past
In 2008 redesignated at the 1181st Forward Support Company and assigned in direct support to the 1st Battalion 181st Infantry Regiment .	Past
Glenelg was a thoroughbred conceived in England but born in the United States after his dam was imported into the US in 1866 .	Past
Bred from two horses of no notable talent , he became one of the most influential sires of his time .	Past
He excelled both on the track and in the breeding shed .	Past
She was visiting professor of journalism at the University of St. Thomas .	Pres
Reed was a Fulbright U.S. Scholar in 2016-2017 teaching at the National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy in Kyiv , Ukraine .	Past
Captured along with many of her fellow runaways , Dessa 's execution was postponed until the birth of her child .	Past
Her husband had departed on a business trip several years ago and never returned .	Past
The fugitives devise a plan to free themselves .	Pres
The book combines the two stories , with the two women meeting and participating in a plan to free the runaways .	Pres
The white man assuming the voice of an African-American man enraged the black community .	Past
Each individual flower lasts one day .	Pres
The plant reproduces only by seed .	Pres
This teasel may be distinguished from its relative , common teasel ( " Dipsacus fullonum " ) by flower color and leaf shape .	Past
It grows in a variety of habitat types , and does best on good soil ; individuals growing on fertile soil reach large , robust sizes .	Pres
Technology writer Nathan Ingraham commented that the " price for novelty is steep " at $ 299.99 .	Past
The series " To Protect and Collect " examined a controversial police practice of keeping money seized during drug raids .	Past
Government officials knew levels of e. coli were high but failed to warn lake visitors because of concerns over revenue loss .	Past
The Prime Minister Lucas Papademos and the Cabinet were formally sworn in on 11 November 2011 .	Past
On 10 February 2012 , the Popular Orthodox Rally withdrew from the coalition government after refusing to support the latest austerity deal .	Past
Its climate is renowned for its coolness .	Past
The song was later re-released as " The Plane , " or " El Avion " in Spanish .	Past
This gene belongs to the homeobox family of genes .	Pres
The homeobox genes encode a highly conserved family of transcription factors that play an important role in morphogenesis in all multicellular organisms .	Past
In 1887 and 1890 he had contested elections for the South Australian Parliament ; in 1903 he stood for the Senate as an independent without success .	Past
An early conservationist , he decried the hunting of animals for scientific collections .	Past
In Washington , testified before congressional committees and formed legislative proposals about job training , vocational education and welfare-to-work .	Past
Marano also examined women 's roles in media .	Past
He was re-elected four times .	Past
His charges were dismissed in January 2018 .	Past
It is also naturalized in Hawaii where it is known as Hawai 'i yelloweyed grass .	Past
The bill was sponsored by Sen. Ron Wyden and Rep. Jason Chaffetz .	Past
Since its initial proposal in June 2011 , the GPS Act awaits consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee as well as the House .	Pres
Current legislation surrounding the issue of tracking an individual 's location has proven legally ambiguous and technically outdated .	Past
The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) defended the police 's actions by contending that a warrant was unnecessary in the first place .	Past
It pointed to a two-decade precedent of warrantless GPS tracking .	Past
Roger L. Easton , the principal inventor of modern GPS technology , filed an amicus brief urging the court to renounce the DOJ 's proposal .	Past
However , only four of the justices argued that the search violated reasonable expectations of privacy while the other five rested their conclusion on other grounds .	Past
The bill was initially co-sponsored by Bob Goodlatte ( R-VA ) , Chairman of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Intellectual Property , Competition and the Internet .	Past
In 1985 Geller 's license was renewed .	Past
He was endorsed by long-incumbent mayor Tom Rowland , who announced that he would not seek reelection .	Past
Brooks was sworn in on September 10 , 2018 , and resigned from the state house that day .	Past
In 1868 , having worked briefly in a bank , he was articled as a clerk to Rupert Ingleby , QC .	Past
He drafted a number of parliamentary laws in the 1880s , and was appointed Queen 's Counsel in 1893 .	Past
He was confined again in 1896 in Adelaide Lunatic Asylum , running in 1896 for the House of Assembly once more without success .	Past
In 1915 he was confined again , briefly .	Past
In 2013 , in a duel of 10 rounds , the Brazilian not only knew his second defeat .	Past
Active in the early labour movement , he struggled to find permanent employment after being placed on an employers ' blacklist .	Past
Stirrup pants were first worn as jodhpurs for horse riders .	Past
By 1934 , Jodhpurs as riding pants with foot straps were being advertised in the United States mail order catalogue for Sears .	Past
While for Other Development Expenditure an amount of Rs 97 billion has been allocated .	Past
In 1854 the De Garises migrated to Australia , settling in Adelaide and then Naracoorte .	Past
After graduating high school , he enlisted in the United States Navy , where he served from 1984 to 1988 .	Past
After his honorable discharge from the military , Hampton relocated to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	Past
Hampton has also toured with Bickhardt 's band " Idlewheel " , which included Poco bassist Jack Sundrud .	Past
He has also toured and recorded with Hooters guitarist John Lilley , Dan May , J.D .	Past
In 2011 alone , Hampton figured prominently in album releases by J.D .	Past
It enrolls nearly 2,700 students , including 400 graduate students .	Pres
CIS focuses on six undergraduate programs , six graduate programs , and one doctorate program , with five academic departments and one doctorate department .	Pres
His career has spanned over four decades to become of the most outstanding and pioneering graphic designers in Mexico .	Past
Tassier believes that laughter is a fundamental ingredient in promotion , that good commercials will evoke a smile and positive emotion .	Pres
Cameron Sexton considers himself to be Baptist .	Pres
In 1966 Fairrington was drafted into the United States Army .	Past
After 60 days of temporary duty capturing his impressions in preliminary sketches , Fairrington flew to Hawaii to complete his paintings .	Past
In 1969 , he secured a position with Jack Wodell Associates , a film advertising agency .	Past
Fairrington teaches oil techniques and life drawing at the Desert Art Center in Palm Springs , California .	Pres
He also conducts two day and week long painting workshops on the principles of portrait painting .	Pres
In 2010 , his work was exhibited by the Arts Council of the Temecula Valley .	Past
He also occasionally produces celebrity portraits for the Walt Disney Company 's ABC Television shows .	Pres
Johnson collaborated with Clarence Stein , the planner of Radburn , New Jersey .	Past
By 1845 , its population topped 20,000 and was swelled by crews completing the new Pennsylvania Canal .	Past
A spark from this fire ignited a nearby ice shed or barn .	Past
The factories of Pipetown burned on until about 9 : 00 .	Past
However , as described by a witness , " the cupola of the University burnt for a few minutes like paper and went down . "	Past
One hotel was saved within the burned area by using gunpowder to blow up the adjacent structures , creating a gap that the flames did not cross .	Past
Household belongings were piled on the hills surrounding the city .	Past
This role of the fire was commemorated a century later with a celebration of the anniversary .	Past
Fu sang well at the feast , and was spared .	Past
Li Keyong caned both Li Sizhao and Li Cunshen and stripped them of their posts .	Past
Li Cunxu himself and Zhou Dewei commanded the subsequent successful relief mission to Lu , and Li Cunshen served under Zhou during the battle .	Past
Li Cunxu subsequently bestowed the honorary chancellor designation of " Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi " ( 同中書門下平章事 ) on Li Cunshen .	Past
Li Cunxu subsequently prepared for a campaign against Zhang Wenli ( who soon died and was succeeded by his son Zhang Chujin ) .	Past
Li Cunshen defended the city , and Dai was unable to capture it .	Past
Yuriria is a genus of cyprinid fish endemic to the Lerma – Chapala – Grande de Santiago and Ameca basins in Mexico .	Pres
the queue will be searched for the process closest to its deadline .	Past
The timing diagram 's alternating blue and white shading indicates each process 's periods , with deadlines at the color changes .	Pres
But the process might still be pre-empted in favour of others that have earlier deadlines but do not share the critical resource .	Past
To speed up the deadline search within the ready queue , the queue entries be sorted according to their deadlines .	Past
When a new process or a periodic process is given a new deadline , it is inserted before the first process with a later deadline .	Past
According to Nielsen ratings , it was watched by 7.14 million people in its original airing .	Past
When Cleveland Brown returns to Quahog for a week , he visits his old friends Peter , Joe and Quagmire .	Pres
They then discover that they are in the sheriff 's home , who returns soon after .	Pres
Joe then smashes the sheriff 's vehicle , shoots him in the leg , and demands he leave Quahog .	Pres
One of the games involves deciding whether to be a " hobo , " or former German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler .	Pres
The warden of the prison resembles the warden in the movie " The Shawshank Redemption " , who is also authoritarian and cruel .	Pres
At FCSM he blocked Sidanco , a Siberian oil company , from diluting its shares in response to a complaint by American investment manager Bill Browder .	Past
Vasiliev actively campaigned for the rights of investors in Russia during this period .	Past
After participating in the creation of the FCSM , he steered its activities toward upholding investor interests .	Past
In 1826 he was decorated by the Royal Society of London .	Past
Two Richard Hallier athletic statues grace the facility 's front entrance .	Pres
They depict a male and a female tennis player in action .	Pres
She thoroughly examines the chronometer and finds out that it dates to 1872 , the year that " Mary Celeste " sunk .	Pres
She avoided the confrontation with him by traveling on a gondola , under the darkness and a flare , which she made to distract the figure .	Past
After a successful distraction , she manages to flee the place unnoticed .	Pres
She mentions of a date of sinking to him which is on the chronometer .	Pres
He doesn 't remember his name due to amnesia , that was caused by an accident .	Pres
As soon as she arrives to Cairo , she gets robbed at the airport .	Past
The boy , generously enough , lends her a room for free .	Pres
She agrees with it , and puts her copy of a jug piece and map behind a mirror .	Pres
The antiquarian tells her that he got a scarf on his neck , and that it covered in blood , he wants you to wash it .	Past
In there she washes the scarf .	Pres
Besides the date it also carries the map and a tree of life emblem .	Pres
In there she talks to the cafe keeper , who tells her that is a woman who wants to talk to her .	Pres
Sylvie agrees and go into a room behind a curtain .	Pres
Fatima suggests to play a game , after which , if Sylvie wins , Fatima will tell her about the jug and collector .	Pres
She knocks on his door after it , and it turns out that he is not asleep .	Pres
Suddenly , Sylvie remembers that the count mentioned about a gun , which apparently , he keeps in his room .	Pres
After that , she awakes the count .	Pres
While the count was messing with the controls , Sylvie snuck in and got a gun .	Past
The cops wouldn 't let her leave with him .	Pres
After that she alarms the police by running into a police department .	Pres
She also mentions about intruder , on which police got " enlighted " , considering how rare crime is happening on the island .	Pres
While police is trying to get the thug out of the yachts room , Sylvie suggests the count to leave with her .	Pres
Sylvie remembers that on the evening the count got arrested , she went to the cemetery , to look for the grave of a captain Benjamin Briggs .	Pres
Unfortunately , the passage to a house is being guarded by a bulldog .	Past
Of course , she doesn 't want to jump over the fence , fearing that the dog would attack her .	Pres
After she jumps over , she shuts the gate and locks it with a big ring , by putting it over the handles .	Pres
As soon as the gate gets secured , she knocks on the woman 's door .	Pres
The woman opens the door , and introduces herself .	Pres
After introduction Sylvie asks her about the map , which count Saint-Germain mentioned that she have .	Pres
Sarah mentions about an airship in a hangar , which she would like to sell to the count for $ 1,000,000 .	Pres
They landed in a jungle of an island .	Past
They explained that they are the descendants of Benjamin Briggs .	Past
The count commands her then to finish making the elixir of life out of the fruit from the tree .	Pres
She obeys , otherwise she has no options .	Pres
He agrees to free them on one condition : They will protect the tree from destruction .	Pres
The count mentions that he left the gun on the airship , and Sylvie is getting it .	Pres
Sylvie walks away from a scene into a mist ...	Pres
AFTAH rejects the idea that sexual orientation is inborn and believes that people can " leave the homosexual lifestyle " .	Pres
It was reorganized in 2006 by Peter LaBarbera .	Past
AFTAH 's tax exempt status was reinstated in 2012 but again revoked in 2015 .	Past
The hotel cancelled the AFTAH event after learning that it would likely draw protests from the Chicago-based Gay Liberation Network .	Past
A skilled soldier , Krag had distinguished himself in the Scanian War and would later do so again in the Great Northern War .	Past
In 1935 the farm buildings were devastated by fire , which caused substantial damage .	Past
He reformed the operations , rendering the estate more efficient .	Past
Located on a castle bank in an artificial lake , Katholm consists of three wings built in red brick to a simple Renaissance design .	Past
In the lead up to the war , Portsmouth was viewed as highly valuable by both Parliament and the king .	Past
At around the same time , the force blockading Portsmouth from the sea rose to number seven ships .	Past
Simultaneously , a small party approached the main gate and called on the castle to surrender .	Past
It was consecrated in 1185 , and became the location for initiation rituals .	Past
He was severely punished by his contemporary Master .	Past
This ensured that the New Temple became a royal treasury as well as the repository for the order 's accumulated revenues .	Past
He entrusted Templar knights with military , financial and diplomatic commissions , and even considered being buried in the Temple .	Past
Indeed , Edward I raided the treasury in 1283 .	Past
Most of the Templars acknowledged their belief that the Order 's Master could give absolution was heretical , and were then reconciled with the church .	Past
In 1312 , under further pressure from King Philip IV of France , Pope Clement V officially disbanded the Order at the Council of Vienne .	Past
In 1314 , the remaining Templar leaders in France were executed , some by being burned at the stake .	Past
During this period many fugitive Templars , seeking to escape torture and execution , fled to apparent safety there .	Past
The Templars had assembled a range of buildings in Strood by 1185 , which included a timber hall , barns , kitchens and stables .	Past
Over the years , this hall was altered and enlarged as it passed through the hands of a number of owners .	Past
Nearly any site in England which uses the name " Temple , " can probably be traced to Templar origins .	Past
The land was later rented to lawyers who use it today as Inner Temple and Middle Temple .	Past
Both Windows and Mac OS X variants of DNSChanger were circulated , the latter taking the form of a related Trojan known as RSPlug .	Past
The interim DNS servers were officially shut down by the FBI on July 9 , 2012 .	Past
The north , on the other hand , is indented by deep bays , the largest of which are Anahō and Hatihe 'u .	Past
This is substantially less than that encountered at the end of the 16th century when the Spaniards first sighted the island .	Past
The primary diet of people tends to be breadfruit , taro , manioc , coconut and many kinds of fruit , which grow in abundance .	Pres
Considerable rice is also eaten .	Past
From these supposed origins the population rose to an untenable size ; first European estimates vary from 50,000 to 100,000 .	Past
Pigs , chickens and dogs were also cultivated , and hunted when they took to the wild .	Past
It is still debated why many Polynesian tribes or nations practiced cannibalism .	Past
Those to be eaten were tied and hung up in trees until needed , then had their brains bashed out on execution blocks with a club .	Past
This happened because the females were so friendly , they would swim out to meet the ships .	Past
A shore party was landed and they claimed the island for the United States and constructed a small village , named Madisonville .	Past
The thousands of natives , armed with rocks and spears but positioned in a formidable mountain fortress , were able to fend off their attackers .	Past
An engagement ensued as the villages were burned .	Past
Wilson eventually persuaded the Te I 'is to cancel the alliance and attack .	Past
The ship 's cannon were already loaded , so Lieutenant Gamble stumbled from one gun to another , firing them as fast as he could .	Past
Congress was aghast that American sailors would cohabitate with the islanders , leading Congress to decline Porter 's claim .	Past
In 2002 , France successfully requested that a 20-year moratorium be applied to French Polynesia to stop it from being incorporated into the European Union .	Past
They sailed from the south west to the north east .	Past
Moonlight 2.0 supports Silverlight 2.0 and some features of Silverlight 3.0 .	Pres
The code generator is exposed in three modes :	Past
To improve performance this collector assigns memory pools to each thread to let threads allocate new memory blocks without having to coordinate with other threads .	Pres
Currently SGen treats the stack and registers conservatively and pins any objects that could be referenced by any of these roots .	Pres
The upcoming version of Mono scans the managed stack precisely , reducing the number of pinned objects .	Pres
The class library is structured into namespaces , and deployed in shared libraries known as assemblies .	Past
Speaking of the .NET framework is primarily referring to this class library .	Pres
The structure is implemented using dot-separated words , where the most common top-level namespace is System , such as System.IO and System.Net .	Past
The Common Language Infrastructure ( CLI ) as implemented by the Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) , is implemented by the Mono executable .	Past
The Mono compiler generates an image that conforms to the CLS .	Pres
The ECMA standard formally defines a library that conforms to the CLS as a framework .	Pres
Mono has innovated in some areas with new extensions to the core C # and CLI specifications :	Past
Several projects extend Mono and allow developers to use it in their development environment .	Pres
This discussion is now moot after Microsoft acquired Xamarin , the primary maintainers of Mono .	Past
The final verdict from a 10-year-long court case reconfirmed its independence .	Past
The 338th was activated 4 September 1942 at Camp Atterbury , Indiana , and moved to Camp Claiborne , Louisiana , on 15 November 1942 .	Past
The 338th landed in Italy on 8 February 1944 .	Past
The Germans had erected barricades , blown bridges , laid mines , and sunk twenty ships to completely seal off the harbor entrances .	Past
Leghorn was heavily mined , and for the first few days little other than mine clearing could be accomplished .	Past
Assured of a strong supply base in the rear , Fifth Army moved rapidly forward into the Po River valley .	Past
The 338th was inactivated at Camp Myles Standish , Mass . , on 9 November 1945 .	Past
The event showcased a couple of songs from the film in addition to the theatrical trailer .	Past
The beliefs of other world religions such as Islam and Buddhism are also discussed .	Past
This album was remixed and released in the United States as " Live and Improvised " in 1991 .	Past
By 1890 he had risen to become a partner in the business ; he would eventually be managing director in 1916 .	Past
His father was reputed to have been born in Paris and be of Breton ethnicity .	Past
His work inferred a value of this speed with an uncertainty of 1 / 2000 that of experiments performed by the best physicists of the time .	Past
He and Bloch also invented the astable multivibrator .	Past
The episode revolves the play group that Reagan and Chris take Amy to .	Pres
Reagan refuses to write the speech for Ava , to spend more time with Amy .	Pres
Chris also believes he may have found his calling Amy 's playgroup .	Pres
In the end Reagan writes the speech for Ava and makes peace with Kayla 's mom ( Missi Pyle ) .	Pres
This episode marks Jennifer Hall 's first credit as a series regular , having only been a recurring for the past few episodes .	Pres
He now teaches History at a school in Tunbridge Wells .	Pres
Despite never being analysed , Hesnard was a founding member of the Paris Psychoanalytic Society , the first French psychoanalytics institution .	Past
He helps prisoners by solving their problems outside the prison .	Pres
One day , he is intrigued by a prisoner 's silence .	Past
Seenu asks him about his problem .	Pres
He has been wrongfully convicted and sent to prison by Gayatri 's paternal uncle Rajashekaran ( Anandaraj ) and his son Gunashekaran .	Past
Adisheshan believes that Gayatri 's life is great danger from the duo and requests Seenu to make her see the truth and save her .	Pres
Seenu promises him that he will solve his problem .	Pres
Adhiseshan then realises that Seenu is his son ( soon after looking at a photo of Seenu 's mother ) .	Pres
Seenu happily accommodates her in his house .	Pres
He succeeds and she becomes a famous singer .	Pres
She builds is also able to buy herself a new house .	Pres
She then reveals to Seenu that she 's in love with Suresh ( Siva ) , a fan of hers .	Pres
Seenu manages to save them and the couple elope .	Pres
In the end , Seenu marries a widow in order to keep a promise to his neighbour ( Manorama ) .	Pres
Finding military surgery distasteful , he opted for work as a pharmacist at Val-de-Grâce .	Past
Severely depressed by the untimely death of his wife , his friends convinced him to leave Paris and travel as a remedy for his melancholic state .	Past
and his final film in the 1955 Daniel Gélin-directed drama " Les dents longues " ( " The Long Teeth " ) .	Pres
According to the 2011 census , the number of Armenians had decreased slightly to 1,042 .	Past
In 2002 , the publishing of the newspaper “ Ararat ” had resumed .	Past
Located on a 318-acre site at 3901 Fort Armistead Road , the plant was used by the former Millennium Inorganic Chemicals since 1954 to manufacture titanium dioxide .	Past
The plant was idled by Cristal Global during March 2009 in response to a severe downturn in market conditions .	Past
London 's commission was coordinated by Uhlein-Wilson Architects .	Past
Then he was loaned out to Superettan team Degerfors IF during the first half of the 2012 season .	Past
For the 2013-14 season , he was loaned to Balıkesirspor , a football club from Balıkesir , Turkey that competes in the TFF First League .	Past
By the end of the colonisation in 1830 the British Empire had annexed large parts of mainland Australia , and all of Tasmania .	Past
During this time , the British authorities ceded rural land owned by the Crown to British colonists .	Past
These settlers reared sheep and exported wool and mutton to Northern England .	Past
This hunting culture slowed down the agricultural development process .	Past
His business then employs about 600 workers .	Pres
From here he progressed to " POP4 " , a weekly chart music show with live bands .	Past
He co-presented a series of " The Movie Show " on RTÉ2 , which started in November 2012 .	Past
He has co-presented " The Voice of Ireland " with Kathryn Thomas since its inception .	Past
For season 3 of " The Voice " , McDermott fronted a live spin-off show on RTÉ2 .	Past
He also co-presented the successful " Sunday Service " before being poached by Global Radio in the UK .	Past
In his first year , McDermott 's show was syndicated to Xfm Manchester .	Past
He costarred on an episode of West Cork FM .	Past
Fidel Castro proclaimed himself to be " a socialist , a Marxist , and a Leninist " .	Past
Taking Marxism as its basis , Leninism revolves around putting forward ideas for how to convert a capitalist state into a socialist one .	Pres
Asked by Goldberg if he would tell Ahmadinejad the same things , Castro responded : " I am saying this so you can communicate it . "	Past
By wearing military-style uniforms and leading mass demonstrations , Castro projected an image of a perpetual revolutionary .	Past
During the Cuban Revolution campaign , fellow rebels knew Castro as " The Giant " .	Past
Instead , he advocated hard work , family values , integrity , and self-discipline .	Past
Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths ( also spelled Greiffenklau and Vollrads ) ( 1652 – 1719 ) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1699 to 1719 .	Past
He was ordained as a priest on 13 April 1687 .	Past
He was subsequently consecrated as a bishop by Stephan Weinberger , auxiliary bishop of Würzburg , on 5 July 1699 .	Past
On 27 November 2012 students and teachers were evacuated from Newman Catholic College in Harlesden following reports of a bomb in the school ’ s grounds .	Past
Students and staff were evacuated and the surrounding area was cordoned off for public safety while an explosive dog unit was called to search the area .	Past
Police have investigated an allegation of malicious communication .	Past
The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction .	Past
The Vector owes many of its design concepts to the earlier Hill Humbug and was later to inspire and influence the Ultralight Flight Mirage .	Pres
The pilot is accommodated on an open seat , without a windshield .	Past
The engine is mounted at the wing 's leading edge and powers the trailing edge-mounted pusher propeller through an extension shaft .	Past
A distinguished and innovative grammarian , Pichon was analysed by Eugénie Sokolnicka , and became a founding member of the Paris Psychoanalytic Society in 1926 .	Past
He memorized , in the absence of the means to write them down , a thirty-one-stanza version of the Canticle .	Past
The shock was centered near the Mexico – United States border and takes its name from a large dry lake bed in Baja California , Mexico .	Past
This is interpreted to be associated with the 1892 earthquake .	Past
Masonry walls were cracked in several buildings there , as well as the outlying communities of Otay and Jamul .	Past
The play has attracted criticism from conservative Christian groups .	Past
Several theaters have caved in and cancelled the play .	Past
The play was also withdrawn from the Malta Festival Poznań due to fears of riots .	Past
She also presided over the " League for Moral Education " .	Past
In this campaign Julie Siegfried was strongly backed by her husband .	Past
Ordained a priest he served from 1380 onwards as a clerk in the Privy Seal office and clerk of the council under Richard II .	Past
The new King Henry IV recalled him to the royal council in 1400 , with a retainer salary of £ 100 .	Past
The Council 's advice had not altered since October 1414 .	Past
His will was proven in 1418 , where his executors included his nephew Master Thomas Felde , and Richard Rede , chaplain from Ringwood .	Past
However upon hearing that they would attack a Christian people , they fled the Ottomans to the other side to fight alongside the Serbs .	Past
Evliya Celebi registers an Armenian " district " of Užice in the 17th century .	Pres
He edited Jeremy Bentham 's " Book of Fallacies " .	Past
At one time he was chaplain of HMS " Agincourt " .	Pres
He was murdered as a result of a feud over the ownership of Baggotrath Castle , near Dublin .	Past
He was probably descended from Sir John de Cornwall , Constable of Carlow Castle in the time of Edward III .	Past
He quarreled with the Lord Chancellor of Ireland , Sir Laurence Merbury , who accused Cornwalsh of gravely slandering him before the English Council .	Past
Elrington Ball speculated that the Crown was not satisfied as to their guilt , or that Cornwalsh 's actions were seen as sufficient provocation for the crime .	Past
This album honors and gives tribute to Joseph Smith .	Pres
Townsend originally enlisted in the Idaho Army National Guard in 1956 .	Past
In 1958 , he enlisted in the United States Air Force .	Past
During that time , he was deployed to serve a tour of duty in the Vietnam War .	Past
During this time , he was deployed to serve a second tour of duty in the Vietnam War .	Past
Following his return to the United States , he was stationed at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Elmore County , Idaho .	Past
She 's implicated in a killing , and he 's drawn into escaping from the police with her through Chinatown as they seek the real murderer .	Past
He was decorated with the Legion of Honour on 14 April 1844 , and was created officer of the same order in 1862 .	Past
The 1949 matchup was witnessed by 4,567 fans .	Past
The bowl was sponsored by the Hybrid Seed Corn Breeders of Illinois and the Bloomington American Legion .	Past
On 26 August 2014 , he was loaned for a season to Olin Edirne , later renamed as Eskişehir Basket .	Past
Then Olin Edirne relocated to Eskişehir as Eskişehir Basket .	Past
Established in 2004 , its current mission is to provide opportunities for collaboration among U.S. government Web and new media professionals .	Past
It also recommends policies and guidelines for all U.S. federal public websites .	Pres
It also manages the HowTo.gov website .	Pres
Members communicate and collaborate through a listserv and the Forum website .	Pres
The Web Council also sponsors several Sub-Councils , which cover a variety of content management and website governance areas , including :	Pres
With GSA , the Web Council has co-sponsored the Government Web and New Media Conference , held annually , since 2004 .	Past
and its follow-up report , " 2010 Progress Report – Putting Citizens First : Transforming Online Government . "	Pres
It is headquartered in two theatres : the Teatro María Guerrero and the Teatro Valle-Inclán .	Past
The film speculates that under such a government , every human could be implanted with an RFID chip to monitor individual activity and suppress dissent .	Pres
Ivor Tossell in " The Globe and Mail " cited it as an example of how modern conspiracy theories are promulgated , though he praised its effectiveness :	Past
It derides the media as a pawn of the International Bankers , but produces media reports for credibility when convenient .	Pres
The film ignores expert opinion , except the handful of experts who agree with it .	Pres
He argued they are merely a product of a socioeconomic system in need of change .	Past
Jay Kinney questioned the accuracy of its claims and the quality of its arguments , describing it as agitprop and propaganda .	Past
Perkins sees the US as a corporatocracy , in which maximization of profits is the first priority .	Pres
The film looks at Fresco 's proposal of a resource-based economy , which puts environmental friendliness , sustainability and abundance as fundamental societal goals .	Pres
The current video posting on YouTube surpassed 5 million views by late 2013 .	Past
John Locke and Adam Smith are discussed in regard to modern economics .	Past
The film critically questions the economic need for private property , money , and the inherent inequality between agents in the system .	Pres
The group advocates transition from the global money-based economic system to a post-scarcity economy or resource-based economy .	Pres
The lake 's health was altered by the following :	Past
The Pallavaram Lakes are well encroached by getting the green signal of authorities right from Collector to VAOs .	Past
Despite a fall , she still tied for seventh place on uneven bars with a score of 14.300 .	Past
He exchanged the latter living for that of Wybarton in Lincolnshire .	Past
The discovery of " Acamptonectes " indicates that ophthalmosaurids remained diverse until their total extinction at the end of the Cretaceous .	Pres
indicates that the family Ophthalmosauridae underwent an early divergence into two very different subfamilies , Ophthalmosaurinae and Platypterygiinae .	Pres
On its last voyage the ship was travelling from Indonesia to China with more than 54,000 tonnes of nickel ore .	Pres
The ship disappeared on 25 December 2011 and its fate was initially unknown .	Past
It sank after passing the island of Luzon in very bad weather conditions in waters up to deep .	Past
He reprised his role from the Paper Mill production as the " All Good Gifts " soloist .	Past
Power wrecked enough that he was taken out of the race .	Past
Kanaan pointed at his head and yelled at Briscoe from the side of road as the Australian passed by his wrecked car .	Past
Fans booed and littered as Franchitti did donuts and drove into victory circle .	Past
" I don 't think I 'm known throughout the paddock as a driver who races people dirty .	Pres
Particularly if I 'd crashed later in the race .	Past
I understand his anger , but hopefully when he watches the replay on television he 'll realize it was a racing incident . "	Pres
He also requested Fath-Ali Shah to temporally free the province from tax in order to restore the economy of the province .	Past
Furthermore , he patronized Islamic schools and invited religious scholars from Khuzestan , Fars , and Khorasan .	Past
He currently sits as a Ulster Unionist Party councillor for the Balmoral area of Belfast City Council .	Pres
If the aggregated score was tied after both games , the team with the higher number of away goals advanced .	Past
The team was coached by Brian Kelly and played its home games at Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend , Indiana .	Past
All wins in the 2012 and 2013 seasons as well as the national championship appearance were later vacated for use of ineligible players .	Past
Brad Carrico also departed the team after a foot injury and was granted a medical hardship after failing to recover from a foot surgery .	Past
There were also coaching changes within the staff .	Pres
The Fighting Irish dominated the game , running the ball for 293 yards and 6.4 yards per carry against Navy 's defense .	Past
Golson scrambled on the first one , avoided two rushers and then hit tight end Troy Niklas on a 30-yard pass .	Past
On a third-and-goal , Golson rolled right and made a dive for the end zone as he was being hit right at the goal line .	Past
Everett Golson threw a touchdown pass and ran for a score in the first half to help down the Spartans .	Past
He threw four interceptions in the first half , then lost a fumble at the Notre Dame 8-yard line on the first drive of the second half .	Past
The victory belonged to the Irish defenders , who held a nationally-ranked opponent without a touchdown for a second straight week .	Past
After three years of being pushed around by the Cardinal , the Fighting Irish pushed back , winning the most important shoving match they had all season .	Past
In the 1st quarter , Tommy Rees threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Tyler Eifert to give the Irish a 7 – 0 lead .	Past
In the 3rd quarter , Kyle Brindza kicked a 24-yard field goal to get the Irish within 14 – 10 .	Past
Brindza had missed two field goals earlier in the game .	Past
The victory vaulted Notre Dame to No .	Past
A victory seemed unlikely when they fell behind 20 – 6 late in the third quarter .	Past
Golson threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to T. J. Jones early in the fourth quarter , as Notre Dame cut Pitt 's lead to 20 – 12 .	Past
Golson then threw a 5-yard touchdown pass to Theo Riddick and ran in for the two-point conversion to tie the game .	Past
Picked by the AP as the preseason No .	Past
The game was watched by 16.1 million viewers on television .	Past
He later progressed to under-19 level , and has been called up to under-21 squads .	Past
jumps between folky , Jeff Buckley-esque ballads , minor-key raucous indie-guitar workouts and , errr , a Radiohead cover ( that 's actually quite great ! ) .	Pres
When he finished it , a friendly pilot in an old bi-plane on a local airfield pulled him up in the air and he flew .	Past
In those early days you couldn 't just become a pilot .	Pres
Paul Schoute perished in the violently burning wreck .	Past
Hans Lindner was thrown out of the plane and ended up against the verge of a waterway with his leg shot off .	Past
Someone rushed to help him , extinguished it with water from the canal , but he died shortly thereafter .	Past
However , they escaped from that prison camp by stealing the camp commander 's car .	Past
They were starved and sick , but all five made it back to the Netherlands .	Past
As a result , it receives positive evaluation of polite behaviour from shop owners as well as the staff working in the vicinity .	Pres
“ Russia is preparing for the World Cup 2018 .	Pres
He toured the world with Brown , performing at clubs and major festivals in North America , Japan , Europe and the Middle East .	Past
He also traveled many times to Japan , where he played with Ray Brown Michael Brecker , Pat Metheny and Kenny Burrell .	Past
The band toured North America , Europe and Japan .	Past
In 2004 , Keezer traveled to Lima , Peru , to play with Maria Schneider .	Past
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS " Urgent " :	Past
company still exists , and was worth approximately GBP 37 million in 2010 .	Pres
" I feel it 's sort of like a knife in me " .	Pres
She writes occasionally for The Guardian .	Pres
Other passages soar into flights of preciousness " .	Pres
The first Oceania Chess Championship was organised by the inaugural Oceania Zone President , Graeme Gardiner , on the Gold Coast , Australia in 1999 .	Past
However , he was recalled to the bench in 1993 .	Past
It measures approximately 105 feet by 165 feet and has a flat roof .	Pres
In 2015 , the building was renovated to house an early childhood learning program as well as apartments for graduate students at the University of Scranton .	Past
Kyle was honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy in 2009 and published his bestselling autobiography , " American Sniper " , in 2012 .	Past
In 2013 , Kyle was murdered by Eddie Ray Routh at a shooting range near Chalk Mountain , Texas called Rough Creek Lodge .	Past
A U.S. Navy recruiter convinced him to try , instead , for the SEALs .	Past
The Navy credits me with more kills as a sniper than any other American service member , past or present .	Pres
On July 8 , 2016 , the U.S. Navy corrected Kyle 's DD Form 214 regarding some decorations listed on his original discharge document .	Past
The Navy revised it to one Silver Star and four Bronze Stars with valor .	Past
Kyle had initially hesitated to write the book but was persuaded to move forward because other books about SEALs were underway .	Past
Following its release , media articles challenged some of Kyle 's anecdotes , but the core of his narrative was widely accepted .	Past
Kyle was teamed with actor Dean Cain .	Past
On the show Kyle alleged that the character " Scruff " in his book is former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura .	Past
Kyle 's widow appealed the verdict on behalf of Kyle 's estate .	Past
The $ 1.35 million in " unjust enrichment " was overturned and dismissed as being inconsistent with Minnesota law .	Past
The $ 500k defamation suit was remanded back to trial .	Past
Both guns belonged to Kyle .	Past
Littlefield responded , " Watch my six " , military slang meaning " watch my back " .	Past
I feel bad about it , but they wouldn 't talk to me .	Pres
Routh is imprisoned at the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Powledge Unit near Palestine , Texas .	Past
The bill had been co-sponsored by Republican Representative Dan Flynn of Van and Democratic Senator Leticia Van de Putte of San Antonio .	Past
Kyle is portrayed by Bradley Cooper , and his wife Taya Kyle is portrayed by Sienna Miller .	Past
According to eMusic , " Having recently departed New York City for Buffalo , you can almost hear the isolation in David Cloyd 's debut .	Past
jumps between folky , Jeff Buckley-esque ballads , minor-key raucous indie-guitar workouts and , errr , a Radiohead cover ( that 's actually quite great ! ) .	Pres
During his one season at Delta State , he compiled an overall record of 3 wins and 7 losses .	Past
The violations ranged from using multiple ineligible players to player ’ s using scholarship funds to purchase electronics and jewelry from the campus book store .	Past
Ultimately , the NCAA sanctions vacated 18 wins from the 2014 and 2015 seasons and the 2015 Big South Championship .	Past
Also vacated were three wins over crosstown rival The Citadel , games during which CSU used ineligible players .	Past
However , he missed acting , so he decided to return to his work in the cinema , participating first in the film " Monster Heroes " .	Past
They consist of drummer / singer Kayla Bell and her husband Adam Bell on guitar / vocals with multi-instrumentalists Alan Grice and Matthew Twaites .	Pres
A new EP surfaced on Spanish label Elefant Records in April 2011 .	Past
Blake Morgan co-produced and co-engineered with Cloyd , and also mixed and mastered .	Past
This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 2012 .	Pres
From April 13 – 16 , an outbreak producing over 95 confirmed tornadoes swept across the Midwest , Kansas and Oklahoma in particular .	Past
On April 30 , several tornadoes swept across Oklahoma and Kansas .	Past
Rated as a low-end EF2 , the tornado tracked for and damaged or destroyed dozens of structures near Ellenboro .	Past
Continuing northeast , the thunderstorm spawned another , more intense EF2 tornado around 6 : 04 p.m. that caused extensive damage in the South Fork community .	Past
Another EF0 tornado touched down less than 20 minutes later before the event ended .	Past
The third tornado touched down near Clarksville , Indiana , and was rated an EF0 due to the minor damage it caused .	Past
At sunset , multiple discrete supercell thunderstorms developed over Arkansas and began producing significant tornadoes .	Past
While much of this outbreak was centered across the deep south , several tornadoes touched down further to the north as well .	Past
Further south , the storms pushed eastward and grew upscale into and organized squall line around midnight .	Past
This tornado touched down near Tarrant before tearing through Center Point , Chalkville , and Clay , killing one person and destroying hundreds of homes and businesses .	Past
Losses throughout the city amounted to $ 1.5 million .	Past
An EF2 tornado struck the small town of Harveyville , Kansas during the late evening hours , killing one person and injuring 12 others .	Past
An EF2 devastated a mobile home park and killed one person near Buffalo , while an EF3 caused another fatality and destroyed homes near Asherville .	Past
The town of Hodgenville , Kentucky also sustained heavy damage from two separate EF2 tornadoes .	Past
From March 2 to March 3 , a devastating and deadly outbreak of strong to violent tornadoes impacted the Southern United States and Ohio Valley .	Past
At around 6 : 00 pm EST , an EF3 tornado impacted downtown West Liberty , Kentucky , resulting in major damage and 10 deaths .	Past
Another high-end EF3 tornado touched down at 8 : 03 PM .	Past
This storm tracked into Haralson County , Georgia and Paulding County , Georgia , where it caused major damage in the Dallas area before dissipating .	Past
This tornado impacted the city of Dexter , where severe structural damage was recorded and multiple homes were destroyed .	Past
On March 19 , several more strong EF2 tornadoes touched down in Southwest Texas , and several weak tornadoes impacted the San Antonio , Texas area .	Past
The tornado ripped roofs off of homes and businesses and was accompanied by heavy rain .	Past
Vehicles were flipped , and trees and power poles were snapped .	Past
A destructive F2 tornado struck a construction site in Elazığ Province , Turkey , killing six people and injuring seven others .	Past
A storage container , a tractor , and multiple trucks were tossed .	Past
Later in the day , the 45 % tornado probability was shifted from Nebraska south to Kansas and northern Oklahoma .	Past
A large outbreak of tornadoes impacted the Great Plains states on April 14 , and several PDS Tornado Warnings were issued during the outbreak .	Past
This high-end EF3 tornado later struck Woodward , Oklahoma at 12 : 20 am CDT ( 0520 UTC ) , killing six people .	Past
One house was rolled onto its roof and collapsed , pulling its entire concrete slab foundation out of the ground in the process .	Past
Trees were snapped and debarked , power poles were downed , and many vehicles were tossed , piled atop each other , and destroyed .	Past
Large amounts of sheet metal roofing was scattered throughout the damage path , much of which was wrapped around power lines .	Past
Masonry fences were toppled over , and a gas station canopy was destroyed as well .	Past
A second tornado , rated F1 , struck Moka , Tochigi and injured one person as well .	Past
Other weaker tornadoes touched down just to the north in the Spivey and Kingman areas .	Past
An EF0 unrelated to this event also touched down on May 19 in St. Petersburg , Florida and ripped the roof off of a motel .	Past
An isolated EF2 tornado touched down in Diehlstadt , Missouri late on June 4 .	Past
The tornado was embedded in a larger microburst .	Past
A brief landspout tornado also touched down in Arkansas and was rated an EF0 .	Past
Another brief EF0 tornado touched down in Texas .	Past
Multiple homes sustained considerable roof damage , trees were downed , and a video store was badly damaged .	Past
An F2 tornado touched down in the town of Montfort .	Past
Several tornadoes were spawned from the outer bands of Tropical Storm Debby in the Florida peninsula .	Past
Further tornadoes touched down starting in the morning of June 24 and continuing through the day across several regions of Florida .	Past
Three tornadoes impacted the Pomerania region of Poland on July 14 , two of which were strong and caused significant damage .	Past
Two short-lived tornadoes touched down in the suburbs of Adelaide , South Australia .	Past
The trailer rolled for about 30 meters	Past
As the system moved eastward on October 19 , two addintional tornadoes , EF0 and EF1 , touched down in Pennsylvania and Maryland .	Past
Embedded in this instability , Mesoscale Convective Systems developed with associated tornado activity being registered .	Past
A relatively long-track EF1 tornado traveled across two counties in southern Mississippi , destroying a barn , a gazebo , and a metal building .	Past
Another EF1 tornado struck the Birmingham , Alabama area , tearing part of the roof from a warehouse , and completely removing the roof of one home .	Past
Miljenko Jergović considers the Bosnian origin of the melody as completely uncertain .	Pres
The Swedish Nazi groups persisted after the war until they were officially dissolved in 1950 .	Past
A Swedish white supremacist movement arose during this period , especially among criminal motorcycle gangs and white power skinheads .	Past
It also evolved as a variety of explicitly racist organizations drew from other sources than Nazism , including the Swedish Resistance Movement .	Past
Short-term attempts to create an umbrella organization were discontinued after one year .	Past
It was officially shut down in November 2008 , replaced by the nationalist Party of the Swedes .	Past
The first demonstrations attracted 2000 participants , but this number has dwindled .	Past
The magazine " Expo " , co-founded by Stieg Larsson , campaigns against " modern " Swedish Nazism and right-wing extremism .	Pres
Many of the drivers of Swedish Nazism emerged from this environment .	Past
This happened shortly before Kristallnacht , which had discredited German Nazism .	Past
Some Swedes even volunteered with the Waffen SS .	Past
Engdahl highlighted the differences between his party and National Socialism , particularly on Swedes united as a blood group rather than led by a dictatorship .	Past
The SNF 's activities increased and membership soared .	Past
Lindholm 's SSS had already distanced itself from Nazi Germany when the war broke out .	Past
As the war broke out , Sweden only absorbed political refugees and turned away Jews from occupied Norway at the border .	Past
Endahl lectured throughout Europe and made ties with fascists in other countries .	Past
The national membership of the party rose successfully .	Past
Rabbi Nussbaum in America argued that the painting of swastikas was led by Per Engdahl from Malmö .	Past
The link between these parties and the new Nazism is mediated largely by the Nordic National Party ( NRP ) .	Past
In its outlet , " Storm " magazine , the party hoped to collect all the " race-conscious whites " in Sweden and collect the scattered movement :	Past
We urge not to avoid infighting with our brother organizations .	Pres
A number of " independent nationalists " are gathered around Info-14 .	Past
Of the period between 1924 and 1945 , Stellan Bojerud suggests one should distinguish between National Socialism , Nazism , and right-wing extremism .	Pres
In Germany , National Socialism evolved into Nazism .	Past
Karl Alvar Nisson draws no distinction between National Socialism and Nazism , but sees an anti-capitalist development in German Nazism appeasing big industrialists .	Pres
He stresses that Nazism cannot be defined in the same manner as liberalism or socialism ; instead he emphasizes several characteristics :	Pres
He believes these criteria are also less useful in defining postwar nazism .	Pres
It professes openly to National Socialism and believes that people can be divided into races with characteristic properties .	Pres
It also criticizes the materialism it finds present in contemporary society – luxury consumption and environmental degradation .	Pres
Further ideologies emerged when groups of " independent nationalists " started demonstrating in several cities in the 2000s .	Past
The network was centered on info-14 , but the leaders prefer to call themselves " Autonomous nationalists . "	Past
In many ways they embraced the features of the " autonomous left , " opposing all racism .	Past
In the early 1990s they resumed , inspired by the Norwegian Arne Myrdal , who founded Norway Against Immigration ( NMI ) .	Past
The editor was eventually convicted of incitement for the publication of a list of journalists , police , and anti-racists in 1993 .	Past
At release Game-Maker was priced at $ 89 , and shipped on 5.25 " diskette with seven or eight demonstration or tutorial games .	Past
Game-Maker involves no scripting language ; all design tools use a mouse-driven 320x200 VGA display , with a shared logic and visual theme .	Pres
The user draws maps by pulling blocks from the palette and painting with them using simple paintbrush , line , shape , and fill tools .	Pres
Playable games can be exported complete with a portable version of the XFERPLAY engine , sound drivers , and configuration files .	Past
Although Game-Maker includes no tools for developing these files , the formats are standardized enough to allow the user a choice of standalone utilities .	Past
In addition , image data produced with outside programs such as Deluxe Paint is easily imported and split into background tiles or sprites .	Past
) , though much of this information can be tracked in the inventory screen .	Past
Despite plans for a radical professional-quality update , RSD ceased support for Game-Maker around 1995 .	Past
In a 2011 interview Andrew mused about Game-Maker , stating that by his own principles he was surprised he hadn 't released the source code years earlier .	Past
Later , on July 1 , 2014 , Andrew posted to the Game-Maker Facebook page , asking for community input on releasing the code .	Past
Beyond that , RSD asks no additional charge .	Pres
As a temporary measure his brother Ollie plugged in code provided by Creative Labs .	Past
be measured relatively easy and used to estimate the density of superconducting electrons .	Past
As of July 2011 some sections of the magazine can also be accessed online .	Past
In the eastern Atlantic , it is most frequently encountered between western Ireland and Mauritania , and between Sierra Leone and Angola .	Past
Its depth range is but it commonly frequents the range , often limited by the isotherm which often occurs at about .	Pres
This species lives in the deep ocean and is seldom encountered by man .	Past
For these reasons , the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of least concern .	Past
Rodriguez also pitched at least two games during the 1918 year , winning one game and losing one .	Past
In 2015 , the building re-opened as an apartment for senior citizens .	Past
Fellows ' first comic , " Blank Slate " , was published online in 2002 .	Pres
It was later entirely wiped out by the building of I-96 and Kensington Metropark .	Past
The State of Michigan still recognizes the location as an unincorporated community at Grand River Avenue on Kent Lake ( ) .	Pres
Most of its buildings were leveled when Kensington Metropark and I-96 were built in the 1950s .	Past
Michigan ’ s Ghost Towns – Kensington Village	Past
The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE ) and follows the latest curriculum from the CBSE .	Past
He demands continued resistance , at all costs , to the Japanese invaders from everyone hearing the broadcast .	Pres
He then pleads , " America , send us the tanks and the guns , and we 'll finish the job .	Pres
With all the enthusiasm of a youngster on the Fourth of July , he has filled his film with loud reports , concussions , flame and explosion .	Past
Machine guns chatter violently and at length .	Pres
Together they broadcast a brave message to the world before they are wiped out " .	Past
From time to time Mr. Nolan dose succeed in creating a credible hero , but for the most part the characters are hackneyed in writing and performance .	Past
The children of his first marriage were entrusted to the care of their maternal grandmother for the next ten years .	Past
By May 1585 , the government knew that Henry Vaux was serving as treasurer for the priest-smuggling network .	Past
While seemingly innocent enough , the Vaux family ’ s subsequent association with Babington aroused the suspicions of Walsingham ’ s spy network .	Past
Lord Vaux and Sir Thomas Tresham were suspected of being willing to aid the Babington Plot but were both in prison at the time .	Past
Garnett was housed by Eleanore Brooksby and her sister Anne at Shoby while Robert Southwell took up residence at Henry Vaux ’ s home in Hackney .	Past
He had contracted consumption ( modern-day pulmonary tuberculosis ) and went to recuperate in Leicestershire where he was cared for by his sisters , Anne and Eleanore .	Past
ed . , " The Catholic Encyclopedia " ( New York : Robert Appleton Co . ; The Encyclopedia Press , 1907 – 1914 ) .	Past
His main contribution to the " Adventure Time " series is storyboarding and writing the episode " Wizard " .	Pres
Until the growth of Berlin in the 19th century , Barnim was only sparsely populated ; in the eastern portion this continues to be the case .	Past
This is compounded by the height of other surrounding areas such as Lubusz Land and Chorin .	Past
Whereas Barnim receives relatively high amounts of precipitation , the Oderbruch receives less than 500mm annually and is one of the driest regions in Germany .	Pres
As with medieval settlement this was mainly confined to the areas along the rivers of Barnim .	Past
While traveling in India , Smith was staying at the Gyuto Monastery .	Pres
While listening to the monks chanting , he realized that each monk was producing multiple overtones for each note , creating a chord from a single voice .	Past
In 2005 the master tapes were digitized for a CD on the GemsTone label .	Past
They endorsed The Anti-Masonic nominees Granger and Stevens .	Past
State Senator John F. Hubbard ( 6th D. ) was re-elected .	Past
Charles L. Livingston ( D ) was re-elected Speaker with 99 votes against 22 for John C. Spencer ( A-M ) .	Past
On February 4 , the Legislature re-elected State Treasurer Abraham Keyser , Jr ..	Past
The asterisk ( * ) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature .	Pres
The asterisk ( * ) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature .	Pres
If the aggregated score was tied after both games , the team with the higher number of away goals advanced .	Past
It reflects on everything we 've done and where we 're heading .	Pres
Concerned about his force 's ammunition supply , Sturgis decided to withdraw towards Springfield .	Past
Osterhaus ' men withdrew with the battered Federal force to Springfield , then to Rolla , continuing on to St. Louis .	Past
In 1940 , World War II interrupted his Oxford academic career and he became an administrative civil servant at the Board of Trade .	Past
Kurant also collaborated extensively with musician Serge Gainsbourg .	Past
The film was co-written and scored by musician Serge Gainsbourg ; this marked the first of several film collaborations between Kurant and Gainsbourg .	Past
As a school assignment he writes about it in his journal .	Pres
Paul talks Jimmy into sneaking out to a party .	Pres
Poblacion belongs to the city 's West District where it forms part of its Northwest Cluster or " Cluster 3 " .	Pres
The residents corrupted this name to “ Sampiro ” and used this moniker to refer to both the church and the town .	Past
When the Jesuits were expelled from all Spanish territories in the 18th Century , the Spanish government confiscated all their properties which included San Pedro Macati .	Past
As a sophomore in the 1991 – 92 season , Jones upped his scoring average to 11.4 points on .583 shooting and was named first team all-conference .	Past
After graduating from Pepperdine in 1994 , Jones was not drafted in the 1994 NBA Draft .	Past
He was inducted into the Pepperdine Athletic hall of fame in 2010 .	Past
( " R. yunnanensis " is now regarded as a synonym of " R .	Pres
Its success was attributed to word of mouth , social networking and a strong fan base created over the previous 14 years .	Past
The intriguing music world of Horvitz exists as both cultures somehow meet on an imaginary plane , and it 's in a universe well worth entering " .	Pres
Located in Oaks Pioneer Park in the Sellwood neighborhood , the rectangular post-and-beam structure has a footprint of .	Past
Fashioned from a partly completed house owned by pioneer Lot Whitcomb , it was the first Episcopal church in Oregon .	Past
The church , originally sited on the outskirts of Milwaukie , was moved nearer the town 's center in 1862 .	Past
Some of these ranges extend into the neighboring states of Montana , Nevada , Oregon , Utah , Washington , and Wyoming .	Pres
The program involves established artists living together for eight days on the Swedish island of Gotland .	Pres
Her performances on the show were lauded by both critics and the public , with her first five performances topping the Swedish iTunes chart .	Past
Her fourth album feels like " Easy with Laleh " – easy for those who did not have her music for themselves before " .	Pres
The song garnered positive response by music critics in Sweden .	Past
Sources also suggest that Kline replaced B. Reeves Eason as uncredited director of the serial The Galloping Ghost in 1931 .	Pres
Called the " Shining Scholar " ( " Zain-ul Ulama " ) by followers , he is often regarded as the successor of E.K .	Past
Studied under his own father and OK Zainuddeen Musliyar , Othukkungal , Malappuram .	Past
Johnson traces the fall of the Roman Empire as a pattern he saw in American geopolitics .	Pres
He collaborated with Louis Leakey in a return expedition to the site in 1931 .	Past
In the summer of 1907 the geologist Walther von Knebel , a friend and fellow student of Reck 's , disappeared during a field trip in Iceland .	Past
Great quantities of rubble were excavated to uncover the bones , which lay about below the surface .	Past
Reck examined the surrounding rocks carefully , but found no sign of disturbance that could indicate a burial at some later data .	Past
Ina escaped and Hans Reck volunteered and was appointed commander of a small squad of troops .	Past
Reck disagreed , saying he had searched for tools and found none in 1913 .	Past
Hans Reck undertook a major study of the Santorini islands in the Aegean in 1936 , working with Neuman van Padang and others .	Past
The Petite wasn 't manufactured until 1953 due to World War I and World War II .	Past
The Petite was powered by a 346cc 2-stroke Villers engine .	Past
Claude Rains stars as a man who returns from a fishing trip to find America overtaken by fascists .	Pres
I wouldn 't yield to a dog ─	Pres
Some of Barns 's expeditions to Africa were sponsored by James John Joicey , an amateur entomologist .	Past
He explained the name as " a play on the two names antimachus and zalmoxis " .	Past
In one of his first union jobs , famed songwriter Van Dyke Parks arranged the version of " Necessities " heard in the film .	Past
" We 're Your Friends " was originally conceived as a rock and roll song , sung by the quartet of vultures .	Past
It was first reissued on CD in 1990 , as Disneyland Records was reworked into Walt Disney Records .	Past
Disney Records reissued the soundtrack in 1997 , coinciding with the reissue of the film on VHS to celebrate its 30th anniversary .	Past
His will , dated 20 December 1723 , was proved in the P. C. C. on 1 April 1725 .	Past
2012 sees Lychway with a new line-up , single and booking tours throughout the UK , Europe and USA for 2013 .	Pres
It was affiliated with the Kuomintang and was supported by mostly Khampas , with the Pandatsang family playing a key role .	Past
The Tibetan name ( ) translates as " Western Tibet Reform Party " .	Pres
The party was funded by the Kuomintang and by the Pandatsang family .	Past
Rapga hailed the three principles of Dr. Sun for helping Asian peoples against foreign imperialism and called for the feudal system to be overthrown .	Past
But it was conceived especially for the Asians .	Past
At that time , a lot of new ideas were spreading in Tibet " , during an interview in 1975 by Dr. Heather Stoddard .	Pres
The British deliberated among themselves whether the Tibetan government should be tipped off about the party .	Past
Rapga 's house was raided on June 19 , 1946 for plotting revolution , counterfeiting , and spying , by the police under British orders .	Past
He requested assistance from the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission in China to halt the deportstion .	Past
The activities of the party in Kalimpong were eventually noticed by the British .	Past
He was expelled from British India in 1947 to Shanghai .	Past
In 1946 , Gendün Chöpel disguised as a monk and went to Tibet on behalf of Rapga , to gather intelligence and support for the party .	Past
Created by Wesley Huntress and Charles Kohlhase .	Past
A lawyer 's wife , Anne Parkson ( Frances Gifford ) is bored and neglected .	Past
There develops an awareness between them that an affair is a possibility .	Pres
One afternoon she arrives at Tony 's , and soon after his girlfriend shows up .	Pres
The girlfriend is upset by Anne being there and starts making a fuss .	Past
Tony planted the compact , in order to blackmail and implicate Anne in the killing .	Past
Li Yiyin thereafter submitted a petition to Shi , accusing Li Yimin of treason .	Past
That apparently defused the tensions at that time .	Past
Later in the year , the Later Han general Li Shouzhen rebelled at his Huguo Circuit ( 護國 , headquartered in modern Yuncheng , Shanxi ) .	Past
Gao subsequently submitted an accusation against Li Yiyin to the Later Han imperial government , and Li Yiyin submitted a defense of himself .	Past
Li Yiyin initially submitted to Liu Min as a vassal .	Past
He bestowed the title of acting " Taiwei " ( 太尉 ) on Li Yiyin .	Past
When he asked Li 's emissary what Li 's waist size was , Li 's emissary responded that Li had a very wide waist .	Past
Emperor Taizu responded , " Your commander is a blessed person . "	Past
In November 1942 Bohart was drafted into the US Army then transferred into the US Navy Medical Corps as an ensign .	Past
The university ’ s commitment to establish a research-oriented collection in 1946 demanded the collection to expand .	Past
Today the collection is integrated into the university ’ s Bohart Museum of Entomology and is the seventh largest insect collection in North America .	Past
When South Africa was re-created 83 % of the natural resources belonged to the racial minority ( white people ) .	Past
Edited versions of the last two readings were released on DVD as There 's Gonna Be a God Damn Riot in Here and The Last Straw .	Past
About a week later larvae emerged from the dead bees .	Past
Hive abandonment , particularly at night , has been implicated as a behavior modification of " A. borealis " .	Past
Researchers hypothesized that infected bees may be ejected by their hive mates , with chemosensory particles playing a possible role in detection of infected bees .	Past
The rates of infection in honey bees fluctuate as " A. borealis " populations increase and decline over the seasons .	Pres
A piece of brick from Isin , bears his titulary but the event it marked has not been preserved .	Pres
A cone shaft memorializes the building of a temple of Lulal of the cultic city of Dul-edena , northeast of Nippur on the Iturungal canal .	Pres
He belonged to a branch of the large Pandatsang clan , who hailed from Kham .	Past
The Tibetan government knew that the rebellion originated from within Kham .	Past
The residence of his family in Lhasa was confiscated , but ultimately negotiations ensued .	Past
Rapga fled from Kham to Kalimpong via Kanting and Nanking after the revolt failed .	Past
He borrowed the theories and ideas of the Kuomintang as the basis for his model for Tibet .	Past
The party was funded by the Kuomintang and by the Pandatsang family .	Past
The British deliberated among themselves whether the Tibetan government should be tipped off about the party .	Past
Rapga 's house was raided on June 19 , 1946 for plotting revolution , counterfeiting , and spying , by the police under British orders .	Past
He requested assistance from the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission in China to halt the deportation .	Past
Pandatsang hailed the Three Principles of Dr. Sun for helping Asian peoples against foreign imperialism and called for the feudal system to be overthrown .	Past
But it was conceived especially for the Asians .	Past
At that time , a lot of new ideas were spreading in Tibet " , during an interview in 1975 by Dr. Heather Stoddard .	Pres
The activities of the party were eventually noticed by the British .	Past
In 1947 , British India expelled him to Shanghai .	Past
Birkenfeld had been bypassed by the " Nahetalbahn " ( Nahe Valley Railway ) due to routing difficulties .	Past
However , Jvarasura was later revived by Brahma , who joined the three parts .	Past
But by that time each three parts had grown head and limbs .	Past
Thus Jvarasura is depicted as having three faces , three feet and remarkable ability to move in all directions at once .	Past
Jvarasura is disguised as a young servant .	Past
Shitala , the consort of Jvarasura is widely worshiped by village folk in whole of North India , as a protector of pox and fever diseases .	Past
In Buddhist culture , Jvarasura is depicted sometimes as consort of Paranasabari , the Buddhist Goddess of diseases .	Past
Lewis frequently spoke at Objectivist conferences and Tea Party events .	Past
He also spoke on the morality of free markets in medicine , arguing that innovators ought to be freed from unnecessary regulation .	Past
Yang consulted with Li Shenfu , who stated that he could repel Chen without fighting .	Past
The rebels under Chen , believing that a large detachment had arrived from Lu , fled .	Past
Subsequently , Cai 's ally Ni Zhang ( 倪章 ) the prefect of Shu Prefecture fled .	Past
They stalemated for some time .	Past
When Li pretended to have received a large reinforcement from Huainan , Qian sued for peace and sent gifts .	Past
Li , after receiving Qian 's gifts , withdrew .	Past
Li subsequently crushed him , and he committed suicide by drowning .	Past
When Han heard of Cheng 's death , he also withdrew , leaving Du with no aid .	Past
He then pretended to retreat , inducing Wang Tan and Wang Jian to chase him , and then counterattacked , incliting heavy losses on them .	Past
His soldiers surrendered , allowing the Huainan army to retake Ningguo .	Past
the family stays at Karjat , a very small village in the Raigad district .	Pres
her mother insisted her to have a portfolio done and took her to the legendary photographer late .	Past
He guided her and she had her first portfolio done .	Past
Both are spotted together for major events and functions .	Past
She portrayed a character named " kalyani " in Marathi drama ' Pudhcha Paaul ' .	Past
They are even prepared to be critical of the unit he was from - but they refuse to condemn the practice itself .	Past
In 2016 , Steel tracked down Dines in Australia , he apologised from the emotional suffering caused .	Past
He then proceeded to win second prize in the First Tchaikovsky International Piano Competition in Moscow .	Past
Also the " New York Tribune " namelessly attributed the innovation of the hamburger to the stand on the pike .	Past
During cattle roundups , beef cattle were butchered regularly to feed the hands .	Past
West Texas cooking is characterized by cowboy chuckwagon cooking .	Past
The construction was initiated on April 15 , 1972 , and it brought far-reaching changes to the social structure of the region .	Past
On the next day , security forces stormed the plant , arresting 100 people .	Past
In the following days , military authorities amassed more than 4,000 officers and soldiers , together with helicopters and armoured carriers .	Past
They prepared an attack on the plant , but the workers , after a demonstration of force , finally gave up .	Past
Among others , it manufactures rail and streetcar tracks , also it runs its own power station .	Pres
Welch coached wrestling at Loyola Academy and now coaches at San Francisco State University	Past
This copy attributes the minuets to Wolfgang , and Frischenschlager accepted this attribution even though the dynamics were not in Mozart 's style .	Pres
He dated them between 1768 and 1772 .	Past
Alfred Einstein dated the minuets to 1769 in Salzburg in his edition of the Köchel catalogue .	Past
Rudolf Elvers dated them instead to 1771-1772 in the NMA in 1961 .	Past
He belongs to All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul-Muslimeen party .	Pres
He Joined MIM and became a corporator from Ahmed Nagar division in 2009 municipal corporation elections .	Past
Mohammed Majid Hussain pursued his Intermediate education from MS Junior College & BCA from Anwar- ul- Uloom college .	Past
Han Myeong-sook vowed to retaliate against the Supreme Prosecutors ' Office of South Korea for hiding corruption and malpractice by the Lee Myung-bak administration .	Past
The two exchanged numbers and planned to record something acoustic rooted in the open tuning , eastern raga style Beaulieu was delving into .	Pres
After the show before leaving San Pedro , Beaulieu realized they needed bass for the recordings and boldly asked Watt if he 'd contribute .	Past
While searching for a label to release the album , Beaulieu solicited the talent of SF psychedelic poster artist Alan Forbes .	Past
Along the way , the group 's numbers swelled , with estimates ranging between 1,500 and several thousand .	Past
The family 's store , a pharmacy , was burned to the ground .	Past
Once at the military command , the group unsuccessfully demanded the release of the prisoners .	Past
After a four-month trial , he was convicted ; he was eventually released in September 1990 , after serving five-years jail time .	Past
Tanjung Priok residents estimate a total of 400 killed or missing , while other reports suggest up to 700 victims .	Pres
Several officers prosecuted were convicted , while Sriyanto and Pranowo were acquitted .	Past
In 2004 the Prosecutor General 's office filed an appeal against the acquittals of Sriyanto and Pranowo , but were refused .	Past
The convictions were later overturned by the Supreme Court of Indonesia .	Past
In the first five years he concentrated on paying off the debts of the community .	Past
The next five years he devoted in restructuring the organisational setup and rearranging the work procedures of the community .	Past
He spend his childhood being raised in the family of Da 'i al-Mutlaq and educated by his father .	Pres
He spend most of his time being with his father and helping his father in performing the religious duties .	Pres
In the next five years he regularised and organised the functing of the Dawoodi Bohra sect .	Past
For the next five years he ensured that the community becomes secured and that the name of the community is held high in esteem before the world .	Past
When he arrived in Kaaba , the King of Hijaz welcomed him with great respect and dignity .	Past
A ceremonial procession with him seated on a horse-drawn cart , was taken out on the streets of the markets of Mina .	Past
All the people were amazed by the radiance emanating from him .	Past
The members of the community prayed for his recovery .	Past
Burhanuddin charted out a plan to change the position of the Dawoodi Bohra sect which was as follows :	Past
CRÉs were abolished in 2016 .	Past
In 2015 , the school was rated " Met Standard " by the Texas Education Agency .	Past
A 2012 news story by Pérez-Peña on Yale University quarterback , Patrick Witt , was criticized by Witt and some journalists for unfairness and poor sourcing .	Past
Evaluation of moves was tuned by use of a genetic algorithm .	Past
Saved games and graphics export as vector Drawfiles are supported .	Pres
Antiochus III reigned from 222 BC until 187 BC , was an enemy of the Ptolemies who was at the time expanding Seleucid power in Asia Minor .	Past
Written by Cheriyan Kalpakavadi , it is the first feature film by television serial director K. K. Rajeev .	Past
The film examines the problems in a doctor family and is told in a humorous way .	Pres
According to ovis 245-250 of this work , it was commenced on 25 April 1526 , or Vaishakh Shukla of shake 1448 according to the Hindu calendar .	Past
They were transliterated into Roman script by Jesuit scholars in the 16th century .	Past
In Europe , Leeu Collection owns The Linthwaite House in Lake District in England and recently acquired Collegio Alla Querce in Florence , Italy .	Pres
De Paul originally enlisted in the Pennsylvania Army National Guard in 1970 .	Past
He was later stationed in Annville Township , Lebanon County , Pennsylvania in 1993 .	Past
Exhausted and suffering from disease , Rust was hospitalized at the Danish hospital in Nebek , north of Damascus .	Past
He was encouraged by the pre-historian Gustav Schwantes , who was also self-taught in his youth .	Past
French archaeologists , F. Bordes and D. Sonneville-Bordes also searched the site at Yabrud in the years 1954-55 .	Past
The Alfred-Rust-Wanderweg ( " Promenade Alfred Rust " ) , from the station to Ahrensburg and east leading to Gute Stellen , was inaugurated in 2005 .	Past
The rostrum is edged with pointy teeth that are used for both hunting and defense .	Past
Considering its habitat , rarity , and behavior , the African dwarf sawshark poses no threat to humans .	Pres
In 2015 , the school was rated " Met Standard " by the Texas Education Agency .	Past
Apple Springs participates in six-man football but does not offer a band program , while Hudson has a band but does not participate in football .	Pres
Therefore , the Hudson band participates at Apple Springs games .	Pres
Produced with the help of the American National Institute of Mental Health , the study was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research .	Past
They hoped that demonstrating a biological basis to homosexuality would have beneficial effects such as increasing tolerance of gay people .	Past
Homosexuals were recruited from a variety of locations while heterosexuals were obtained through random sampling .	Past
They argued that their varying outlooks helped counteract bias .	Past
Sexual feelings seemed important in the development of adult homosexuality .	Past
briefly reviewed the ideas of Sigmund Freud , the founder of psychoanalysis , the physician Havelock Ellis , and the psychiatrist Richard von Krafft-Ebing .	Past
They argued that demonstrating that homosexuality is biologically innate would lead to greater social tolerance , and help to relieve parents of gay people of guilt .	Past
He criticized their use of path analysis , arguing that it over-emphasized differences between heterosexual and homosexual patterns of development .	Past
The book was also reviewed by Robert Herron in " Christopher Street " .	Past
Smith argued that while Bell " et al .	Past
Tripp responded in a later issue , accusing them of making personal attacks , and attempting to refute them on specific points .	Past
Thomas Ford Hoult , writing in the " Journal of Homosexuality " , argued that Bell " et al .	Past
The psychoanalyst Gerard J. M. van den Aardweg criticized Bell " et al .	Past
or the predictions of symbolic interactionism , labeling theory , and societal reaction theory approaches .	Pres
argued that Bell " et al .	Past
He argued that by grouping together the bisexuals and homosexuals Bell " et al . "	Past
encountered in trying to obtain a representative sample .	Past
The sociologists Frederick L. Whitam and Robin Mathy criticized Bell " et al . "	Past
" ′ s models differ from those accepted by " psychodynamically oriented investigators . "	Pres
Ruse argued that there is much to support Bell " et al .	Past
He argued that Bell " et al .	Past
He viewed their findings about lesbianism as especially significant since their study was published in 1981 and had a large diverse sample .	Past
They argued that , because of their concern for homosexuals , and also influenced by political correctness , Bell " et al . "	Past
" analyzed every known hypothesis , idea , or suggestion about the origins of homosexuality and found most of them were wrong . "	Past
He was ordained in Rome in 1934 , at the age of 29 .	Past
His " The Quintessence of Hinduism : The Key to Indian Culture and Philosophy " was widely acclaimed .	Past
As an indologist and a linguist , he attracted the attention of nationalist leaders such as Jawaharlal Nehru , Kaka Kalelkar and S.S. Mulgaonkar .	Past
It carries on the traditions of the elite 1 / 38 Evzone Regiment ( 1 / 38 Σύνταγμα Ευζώνων , 1 / 38 ΣΕ ) .	Pres
After its return from Asia Minor , the regiment demobilized and returned to its peacetime garrison at Larissa .	Past
He belongs to Indian National Congress .	Pres
KPMB broadcasts a Spanish-language Christian radio format to the greater Plainview , Texas , area as an affiliate of the La Radio Cristiana radio network .	Pres
It and KTUE ( AM ) in Tulia , Texas were both deleted by the FCC in 2011 .	Past
Optimized for ADSL and LAN .	Past
The majority of the residents dwell on the purok proper where they have electricity and access to education .	Pres
After Typhoon Pabloor Bopha which damaged the Municipality ’ s resources , people now are recovering and coping including this barangay .	Pres
In 2011 , the school was rated " Recognized " by the Texas Education Agency .	Past
In October 2011 Light-City Buses commenced operating the Adelaide Metro North-South and Outer North East region services under contact to the Government of South Australia .	Past
In April 2013 Light-City Buses was stripped of eight routes for continued poor performance .	Past
This field ( flux ) overcomes an air gap between the clutch rotor ( A2 yellow ) and the armature ( A2 red ) .	Pres
Their cycle requirements tend to be lower than industrial clutches , and their cost is more sensitive .	Pres
In a brake , the armature is being pulled against the brake field .	Past
When voltage is applied the stationary magnetic field generates the lines of flux that pass into the rotor .	Pres
Usually the magnetic field is bolted to the machine frame ( or uses a torque arm that can handle the torque of the brake ) .	Past
So when the armature is attracted to the field the stopping torque is transferred into the field housing and into the machine frame decelerating the load .	Past
It involves calculating the amount of inertia that the coupling needs to accelerate .	Pres
When the armature and rotor or brake faces are produced , the faces are machined as flat as possible .	Past
( Some manufacturers also lightly grind the faces to get them smoother . )	Pres
In general , this tends to be required more on higher torque couplings than on smaller torque couplings .	Pres
The process involves cycling the coupling a number of times at a lower inertia , lower speed or a combination of both .	Pres
Most manufacturers publish torque curves showing the relationship between dynamic and static torque for a given series of couplings .	Pres
It ’ s when a coil momentarily receives a higher voltage than its nominal rating .	Pres
Most brakes are flanged mounted and have bearings but some brakes are bearing mounted .	Past
Behati conspired to kill Queen Isabel and the infant Areeyah by bombing Queen Isabel 's convoy off the cliff , but only the Queen was killed .	Past
She bullied Mikay until Bianca is exiled .	Past
Prince Jao eventually develops an attraction for Mikay .	Pres
Gino saves her by carrying her into a water fountain .	Pres
However , it doesn 't just stop there .	Pres
Later , Jao visits the Philippines with his royal butler Han ( Ketchup Eusebio ) , to return the camera that a girl lost in Yangdon .	Pres
Behati also searched for Esmeralda with Yin 's help .	Past
She deduced that Dinoy was Mikay 's adoptive father after the bombing incident .	Past
Dinoy feared that Mikay would be taken away and ignored Esmeralda 's conclusions .	Past
Mikay and her family escaped the burning house but are left without a home .	Past
Gino was beaten by Behati 's hired men as he tried to protect Mikay .	Past
Mikay bids her farewell to Gino while he was at the hospital pretending to be asleep to hide his tears .	Pres
She was crowned thus gained her birthright to the throne .	Past
Behati then reminds the kingdom that the tradition states that the crown princess must marry a Dasho at the age of 18 .	Pres
As Jao and Gino competed , they promised that whoever wins , he will free the princess from the law .	Past
Gino , still feeling devastated , wandered the mountains alone and ended up near Yin 's house .	Past
After the outreach program , Mikay collapsed from exhaustion and she was carried to Ashi 's room .	Past
Mikay stumbled on her jewelry but accidentally saw the Medallion of the East .	Past
As Behati and Jao are heading towards " Gulag " , Mikay requested permission from the King to meet Jao at least say goodbye to him .	Past
Back at the palace Princess Areeyah is still devastated for not being able to see Jao for the last time .	Past
They decide to choose Dasho Yuan ( Gino ) .	Pres
Meanwhile , Jao who is starting to recover from his injuries learns that it was Shivaji who had saved him from going to the " Gulag " .	Pres
When Mikay and Gino get into a little spat , Gino feels rejected and decides to think about actually going to the US .	Pres
When Mikay finds out about this , she is devastated .	Past
She even wears the blue bear suit that Gino wore when they went to Enchanted Kingdom and even sings him his favorite song .	Pres
Gino is touched and soon forgives Mikay , as she tells him that she doesn 't ever want him to think that he is just for rebound .	Past
Gino decides to take a stroll and learns about Santol Village where he meets Salve .	Pres
Unbeknownst to Gino , Jao , who still has a grudge against the West including Mikay and Gino , sees him and gets mad .	Pres
Mikay also assures to her adoptive father Dinoy that she would stand on her word and that she wouldn 't regret accepting Gino 's proposal .	Pres
As for Jao , he spends a sad Christmas in Santol Village .	Pres
As Mikay heads home she asks Gino why he hid the fact that Jao was in the Village .	Past
Gino explained that he didn 't want Mikay 's happy Christmas to be ruined .	Past
But somehow , she still cares .	Pres
But realizing about Jao 's current behavior and his hatred , Gino decides to stay , also with the convincing of Aling Salve .	Pres
Eventually Gino also learns about the soccer tournament and helps the kids to enter and became their team manager .	Pres
Meanwhile , Mikay who was suspicious about Gino decides to follow him .	Pres
While following Gino she stumbled upon a crying kid who was also from Santol Village and a competitor of the soccer tournament .	Past
He was crying because his foot was wounded , and she decides to help him .	Pres
He begged her to not leave them because he wants their own country to recognize them .	Past
He also refuses the help they offer to him .	Pres
And soon Gino finally snaps when he sees Jao mistreating Mikay and punches him right in the face , ensuing a quarrel between the two brothers .	Pres
At the Maghirang household , Mikay learns about the fact that her father King Anand is scheduled to come at the Philippines .	Pres
Mikay also decides to not break the promise she made to " Amang " .	Pres
Mikay only nodding in agreement .	Pres
Both Gino and Mikay happily enjoys themselves with the villagers .	Pres
Gino , misinterpreting what he saw , felt devastated after he did everything so that Mikay would focus her attention to himself , but to no avail .	Past
But Jao admits that he is not ready to fulfill his duty as their King .	Pres
Jao realizes what he has done and all he wanted was to avoid Mikay getting hurt .	Pres
As Mikay is resting in her hospital room , Jao disguises himself as a nurse to apologize to Mikay .	Pres
After Mikay was healed from her injuries , Mikay still wants to continue to convince the Villagers of Santol Village .	Pres
She doesn 't say anything and only sobs when she hears those words .	Pres
Gino , devastated , walks out of the room and breaks down .	Pres
He then decides that it was his time to give up .	Pres
She even talks to Mang Dinoy , saying that it was like she was about to lose him .	Pres
He only agrees then leave her there hanging .	Pres
Meanwhile , Jao discovers that the Santol kids weren 't anymore allowed to play in the tournament .	Pres
He assumes that the reason for this was the King , since he sees a letter that has the symbol of Yangdon .	Pres
He stomps into the resthouse where Mikay and Gino are staying , and snaps at them for pulling the kids out of the tournament .	Pres
It had seemed the old bad boy Gino was back .	Past
He saves his money , and even sells his things just to find money for the kids to play .	Pres
When she wakes up , he only stares at her , without a single emotion on his face .	Pres
The reason why Ashi got married to Dasho Kencho was so Jao would not be stripped from his title .	Past
Alicia asks if it would be with Mikay , and Gino slowly replies with a no .	Pres
Alicia asks him why , and that she was sure Mikay would be hurt when she finds about that he was leaving .	Pres
There Jao reveals that he still loves Mikay and he hopes she still feels the same way .	Pres
Mikay reveals that though she once loved Jao , she realizes that throughout everything Gino never gave up on her .	Pres
Gino walks away from Mikay as Jao , being heartbroken as well calls Shivaji and tells him what location they are at .	Pres
Gino overhears Jao 's phone call conversation and punches Jao .	Pres
When Jao goes near them , they ask him why is he doing this to them .	Pres
Mikay and Gino eventually escaped from the raging Jao and left to go back home to Yangdon .	Past
She reassures him they could start anew for she can 't make it without him , not anymore .	Pres
A blood stained white tee shirt , Mikay instantly notices that it is Gino 's .	Pres
Gretchen Barretto also joins the cast after her previously announced project " Alta " was shelved .	Past
Typing Day was conceptualized in Malaysia and falls yearly on the 8th of January .	Past
Fenwick 's interest in near-death experiences was piqued when he read Raymond Moody 's book " Life After Life " .	Past
He has been criticised by the medical community for claiming that human consciousness can survive bodily death .	Past
The Fenwicks argue that modern medical practices have devalued end-of-life experiences , and call for a more holistic approach to death and dying .	Pres
In the documentary Parnia and Fenwick discussed their belief that research from near-death experiences indicates the mind is independent of the brain .	Past
Its plot revolves around a young man who falls deeply in love with his sister .	Pres
In addition to MMA fighting , Spång has boxed professionally at super middleweight with two decision victories in 2009 .	Past
He rebounded from the loss in his last fight by stopping Burrell by TKO in the first round .	Past
Amagov dominated the fight from start to finish , defeating Spång by unanimous decision .	Past
Its plot revolves around a young man who comes back to his town after being mysteriously away for a long time .	Pres
According to Supreme Court Currently , on February 16th 2016 , the church has been reopened for Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church and Jacobite Syrian Christian Church equally .	Past
As Kolenchery Church was also his quarters for some time , the parishioners demanded that the body be buried there .	Past
His main art form was sculpting , but he was also a painter , graphic artist and illustrator .	Pres
A specimen is grown as part of the NCCPG national collection held by Longstock Park Nursery in the UK .	Past
Jensen 's designs are stocked in a variety of prestigious stores and boutiques in over twenty countries on five continents .	Past
In terms of inspiration , his work is characterised by a unique mixture of popular culture references and often makes reference to infamous or cult figures .	Past
Harriet Quick , Vogue : " Cleverly conceived , quirkily humorous clothes ... both distinctive and of the moment . "	Past
Jensen ’ s clothes never seem to be overly styled , but ... capture the gist of things without seeming to try . "	Pres
Jensen has successfully undertaken a number of high-profile collaborative projects during his career .	Past
The designer has also collaborated with other brands including Ebonyivory , Weekday , Fable , Buddahood , Beam Tokyo plus the award-winning B Store .	Past
Married to Sunny von Bülow .	Past
Drawn by Charles Schulz in 1952 .	Past
In 1921 , he posted the most home runs on his team during regular season play .	Past
He jumped to the Hilldale team in 1923 and was a regular through 1928 .	Past
It is encoded by a 1.46 kbp gene located on chromosome 15 .	Past
Additionally , experiments are suggesting Whi2 for playing a role in Ras2 deactivation or degradation during nutrient depletion .	Pres
The date celebrates Myanmar 's Declaration of Independence from the United Kingdom on 4 January 1948 .	Pres
In the 19th century , following three Anglo-Burmese Wars , Burma was colonized by Britain .	Past
A major battleground , Burma was devastated during the Second World War .	Past
Following World War II , Aung San negotiated the Panglong Agreement with ethnic leaders that guaranteed the independence of Burma as a unified state .	Past
Half of the " card " of Finocchio and Casini were valued € 1 million .	Past
During the second world war Hill co-authored a number of technical NACA papers , focusing on aerodynamic aspects of aircraft performance .	Past
" He spoke about a friend who was a psychic and experiments they did .	Past
It already ceased operations as of today .	Past
San disbanded , and Ilić decided never to perform in a rock band again .	Past
Gravier v. City of Liège is acknowledged as a precedent in European case law .	Past
NTV denied that Pivovarov had made any ultimatum , and Pivovarov himself never confirmed the report .	Past
In 2014 , the feature film Srok was assembled from the project 's materials .	Past
A studio develops and produces documentary films , docudramas , feature films and TV shows for Russian Channels .	Pres
The Howrah-Kharagpur line was electrified in 1967-69 .	Past
A scholarship enabled him to continue his studies in London with Bernard Roberts and in Positano ( Italy ) with Wilhelm Kempff .	Past
He frequently performs chambermusic , together with , and as a member of the Dreisam Trio , established in 1994 .	Pres
In 2003 he was honoured with the 1st Denzlingen prize for cultural engagement .	Past
They now united with him to oppose the American Colonization Society , who were acquiring land in what became Liberia .	Past
He then toured New England as a fundraiser , but had to cut his plans back because of racial violence .	Past
Hartford was singled out by Edward Strutt Abdy at this period for the virulence of racial hatred he saw .	Past
It has been argued that the book shows the influence of William Apess .	Past
Easton argued for race as no more intrinsic than any other effect of variegation .	Past
Along with James Forten and William Watkins , Easton queried the " immediatist " assumptions common in white abolitionists .	Past
The name of the shrub has often been misspelt ' Fascinating ' .	Past
However , the difference in colour may be explained by the effect of soil pH and other factors .	Past
'Fascination ' is widely cultivated on both sides of the Atlantic .	Past
The cultivar was hybridized with ' West Hill ' and " B. davidii " var .	Past
The villagers decide to hold a cricket match .	Pres
hires a greedy big shot coach from Chennai who eyes the big land of the village for his business .	Pres
It 's packed with delicious little scenes , one liners and moments that will have you chuckling pretty much the moment you settle into your seat " .	Past
Zender suggests a translation like " Tree-Armed Chaak " or " Trees are the Arms of Chaak " .	Pres
The capital of the easternmost pier is carved with images , including a dog chasing a hare , and a horn .	Past
He reigned c . AD 470 .	Past
His status as a revered ancestor is inferred from the fact that his name appears on a later monument as a belt ornament .	Past
On Caracol Stela 6 K ’ ahk ’ Ujol K 'inich 's descendant Knot Ajaw is depicted with the head of K 'ahk ' Ujol K 'inich .	Past
He contested against his maternal uncle M. S. Kariapper in 1960 and won .	Past
The irony of the first three election is he contested against his own uncle ( M. S. Kariapper Former minister ) .	Past
4 ) He funded the science laboratory and brought in teachers from outside the area , through the education ministry .	Past
7 ) In 1974 he spoke in the parliament for the need of a university in the eastern province .	Past
He has saved many people from the LTTE .	Past
It once housed the Dickson Works , a shop to repair and manufacture mine machinery and boilers .	Past
The journal is edited by Danilo Russo , with Nancy Jennings as the Managing Editor .	Past
His monuments are stelae 13 and 20 ?	Pres
Like Francis before him , Ulrich resided in Koszalin .	Past
After Ulrich 's death , Duchess Hedwig resided as a widow in Neustettin .	Past
Unlike " Rodong Sinmun " , it handles more administrative matters , such as decisions and orders of the Cabinet , laws , regulations and policy issues .	Pres
This was echoed again in its 2010 editorial , which called for an end to hostilities with the United States and a nuclear free Korean Peninsula .	Past
In May 1851 Voltigeur was beaten by The Flying Dutchman in what was probably the most celebrated match race in the history of British thoroughbred racing .	Past
He looked impressive in the paddock and won well , beating Mark Tapley by a length .	Past
The start of the race was delayed after an objection was lodged against one of the runners , Diecoon .	Past
The match drew an estimated 100,000 spectators , the largest crowd to the Knavesmire since the execution of Eugene Aram in 1759 .	Past
Galopin sired the undefeated champion St. Simon who became the dominant British stallion of his era .	Past
At the age of twenty-seven Voltigeur sustained a fractured hind leg when he was kicked by a mare named Time Test .	Past
His cannon bone however , was preserved and is still displayed in a glass cabinet at York Racecourse .	Past
They also conduct music lessons and hold religious festivals , hymn singing sessions and feasts .	Pres
It is struck on the left side with a short stick and on the right side with the hand .	Past
Over the time , the Sarwaris have evolved into a distinct caste grouping , bound by the rules of endogamy .	Past
They speak both Urdu and the Khari Boli dialect , and are entirely Sunni ..	Pres
The village is administered by the Goodlands Village Council under the aegis of the Rivière du Rempart District Council .	Past
Taping of February 15 and 16 were cancelled due to illness of Colbert 's Mother .	Past
If the aggregated score was tied after both games , the team with the higher number of away goals advanced .	Past
It is outlined by the semicircular arrangement of the Independence , Marble , Liberty and Enterprise Hills .	Past
The Liberty Hills were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1961 – 66 .	Past
'Flaming Violet ' typically grows to a height of 2 m . The terminal panicles are violet-blue , 20 – 25 cm long .	Pres
A specimen is grown as part of the NCCPG national collection held by Longstock Park Nursery in the UK .	Past
Internet Solutions ( IS ) is an Internet services provider for public and private sector organisations .	Pres
The terms of the acquisition enabled ContinuitySA to retain their brand and operational autonomy , whilst also maintaining its vendor neutral stance .	Past
The tree typically grows to a height of and has rough bark .	Pres
It produces a terminal or axillary compound conflorescence with seven to eleven flowered umbellasters with terete peduncles .	Pres
on clay soils in Cainozoic plains or in association with " Eucalyptus cambageana " , " Eucalyptus crebra " in woodlands on low metamorphic rises	Pres
Zagg Inc ( ZAGG ) is traded on the NASDAQ .	Past
This comprises all available kinetic parameters together with their corresponding rate equations ,	Pres
The data stored in SABIO-RK in a comprehensive manner is extracted manually from literature .	Past
Pathways can be exported to SBML .	Past
A prototype for export to BioPAX / SBPAX is being prepared for release .	Past
If the aggregated score was tied after both games , the team with the higher number of away goals advanced .	Past
People of all races , religions and ages frequent mamak stalls to gossip or catch a late-night football game while enjoying a cup of hot teh tarik .	Pres
Under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act 10 lakhs have been sanctioned to the village Gram Panchayat for construction projects in and around the village .	Past
The old station with its two platform tracks was completely rebuilt in 2001 .	Past
The level crossing at the OVA site was abolished and replaced by a bicycle and passenger underpass .	Past
The station forecourt was rebuilt and a bus station was built .	Past
In September 2002 , the current station was inaugurated with a festival .	Past
" Barystethus tropicus " reaches about in length .	Pres
Robert Louis Stevenson , Captain Flint , Davy Jones , will be turning in their graves / lockers . "	Pres
Each criterium is calibrated with respect to the relative minimum and maximum value of all countries .	Past
The founders hope to engage the community to further improve the formula in order to provide optimal ratings .	Pres
ICC World Test Championship is keeping in line with ICC 's goal of having one pinnacle tournament for each of the three formats of international cricket .	Pres
It was re-scheduled for June 2017 , with a second Test championship to take place in India in Feb-March 2021 .	Past
However , in January 2014 the ICC World Test Championship was cancelled and the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy was reinstated .	Past
Further improvements in the structure of the championship have also been discussed .	Past
However , in January 2014 the 2017 ICC World Test Championship was cancelled and the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy was reinstated .	Past
The 28th Legislative Assembly of British Columbia sat from 1967 to 1969 .	Past
If the aggregated score was tied after both games , the team with the higher number of away goals advanced .	Past
Opened in 1892 , the tramway has waxed and waned over the years .	Past
Currently , it comprises only one long interurban line , which runs via Auvernier and Colombier to Boudry , and is designated as line 5 .	Pres
For the horsecar operations , the NSB procured six small lightweight trams , each of which was hauled by one horse .	Past
In 1897 , the first urban line was finally electrified .	Past
They were numbered 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 and 7 , and most started at Place Pury , in the city centre .	Past
They were renumbered 581 – 583 in 1980 .	Past
They hauled passenger trailers of two or four axles .	Past
After closure of the Cortaillod branch in 1984 , the ex-Genoa articulated cars and the Swiss Standard cars were seldom needed for service , but remained available .	Past
They were withdrawn permanently after TN acquired two additional new cars in 1988 .	Past
TN has preserved the following cars ( as of 2000 ) :	Past
A large number of ex-Neuchâtel trams have been preserved in various other collections .	Past
All three others of the class had already been scrapped by 1988 .	Past
In the UK , a specimen is grown as part of the NCCPG national collection held by Longstock Park Nursery near Stockbridge .	Past
The " Chavin Report " thus constitutes the starting point of the denunciations aimed at the purported plot of " Synarchy " .	Pres
Gouin specialized in colored daguerreotypes ( they were colored by his stepdaughter , Laure ) and stereoscopic plates .	Past
Braquehais 's work was exhibited at the Société française de photographie in 1864 and at the Paris Universal Exposition of 1867 .	Past
In the years after the Paris Commune , Braquehais struggled financially , though he did do photographic advertising work for a clock company .	Past
Braquehais 's early photographs consist primarily of portraits and female nudes , many of which were colored by his wife , Laure .	Pres
The intendent was beaten and stoned before being taken to the Porte Saint-Martin .	Past
Bertier de Sauvigny was then hanged from a lamp post in front of the Hôtel de Ville .	Past
He was baptised at the Santa Maria delle Vigne of Genoa on the 25th of April 1856 and died in Paris on the 12th of February 1922 .	Past
He toured throughout the United States in 1884 .	Past
Tapptic evolves and integrates applications into commercial strategies and marketing for media companies , B2C & B2B players , and the entertainment industry .	Pres
Louis Jean-Charles-Marie-Tanquerel des Planches ( 11 August 1810 , Ambrières-les-Vallées – 27 May 1862 ) was a French physician .	Pres
Commercial fishing and coastal trade drove the economy , with the Saugeen River and Lake Huron making for ideal transportation before roads had been built .	Past
The Town 's Official Plan ( 2014 ) recognizes the value of a broad objective .	Pres
Southampton resembles a quaint village with a variety of retail stores , boutiques , restaurants , gift shops , and AutoMotive Garages .	Pres
More than a third of its 3,500 employees reside in Saugeen Shores .	Pres
The long sandy beach attracts visitors who are primarily families ; many rent or own cottages in the area .	Pres
( Young singles tend to prefer Sauble Beach some 18 kilometers north of Southampton . )	Pres
The entire Saugeen Shores beach of the Lake Huron shore faces west so it is famous for its beautiful fabulous sunsets on the water .	Pres
The museum has been enlarged over the years .	Past
The tower and the keeper 's home have been extensively renovated .	Past
The tower and the keeper 's home have been extensively renovated but the island is a federal bird sanctuary and access is otherwise prohibited .	Past
The trail also connects to the 80 kilometre long Bruce County Trail Network which leads to towns such as Paisley , Walkerton , Mildmay and Kincardine .	Pres
The trailhead can be accessed at River Street in Port Elgin , a few blocks north of the town centre and east of Hwy 21 .	Past
The trail is not groomed for cross country skiing during the winter but is used frequently for that purpose .	Past
Its Units 1 and 2 began commercial operation in August 1982 and April 1984 , respectively .	Pres
Workers were shutting down Unit 1 for refueling when the plant 's turbine control system malfunctioned , SCRAMing the reactor .	Pres
Plant instruments indicated three of 185 control rods used to shut down the reactor were not fully inserted triggering the emergency declaration .	Past
After a reset , the plant 's instruments indicated that only one control rod was not fully inserted , not three .	Past
A review indicates the problem was with the indication sensors , and that all control rods were fully inserted immediately at the time of the reactor scram .	Pres
He struggled to find a job in the United States and eventually opened the first Chinese restaurant in Folsom , California .	Past
Ling 's parents divorced when she was seven years old .	Past
Ling aspired to become a journalist and idolized Connie Chung .	Past
Speaking to USC students in 2016 , Ling explained , " I think traveling is the best education .	Past
The trip was documented in the 2007 National Geographic documentary " Inside North Korea " .	Past
In December 2008 , CNN 's award-winning documentary " Planet in Peril " featured Ling in the series ' second installment , called " Battlelines " .	Pres
In 2010 Ling co-founded the website SecretSocietyOfWomen.com , a forum for women where they can share their problems anonymously .	Past
Her younger sister , Laura Ling , also a journalist , was managing editor of Vanguard at Current TV and currently a host and reporter on E !	Pres
In March 2009 Laura and her colleague Euna Lee were detained by North Korea for illegal entry into the country .	Past
They had been attempting to film refugees along the border with China .	Pres
In June , they were sentenced to 12 years in a labor prison for illegal entry into North Korea , and unspecified hostile acts .	Past
Lisa Ling identifies herself as a " die-hard feminist " .	Pres
She was diagnosed with attention deficit disorder .	Past
The electron was finally isolated in 1973 with David Wineland , who continued work on trapped ions at NIST .	Past
In May 2010 , he was honoured as one of Washington 's Nobel laureates by Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden at a special event in Seattle .	Past
In February 2015 , Duff filed for divorce from Comrie , citing irreconcilable differences , and requesting primary physical and legal joint custody of their son .	Past
On January 3 , 2007 , Comrie was traded to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for Senators prospect Alexei Kaigorodov .	Past
Prior to the loss , the Senators eliminated the Pittsburgh Penguins , New Jersey Devils , and Buffalo Sabres all in five games .	Past
Due to a nagging hip injury , Comrie was sidelined for much of the regular season .	Past
It was the last game in Thrashers franchise history before the team relocated to Winnipeg in the off season .	Past
In February 2015 , Duff filed for divorce from Comrie , citing irreconcilable differences and sought primary custody of their son .	Past
The divorce was finalized in February 2016 .	Past
The 2 schools later amalgamated , forming McCaskill 's Mills Public School , named after the original town name , which was opened in 2006 .	Past
French Immersion students are bused to Port Perry High School , which offers the program .	Past
The post office on Cameron St. W. services locals with lock boxes and two rural routes .	Pres
" , in which aged Alan Armstrong often recounts his adventures as Spy Smasher .	Pres
He also possessed a number of gadgets and a specialized vehicle .	Past
Issue # 103 indicates that Katarina and Oracle were friends in college .	Pres
Katarina accompanies the Birds on a mission in Russia , and in a conflict with the Secret Six , Katarina finds her equal marksman in Deadshot .	Pres
Katarina assumes leadership of the Birds from Oracle and fires Lady Blackhawk for dissent .	Pres
Back at Oracle 's base , she is challenged to a fight by Oracle , who then manages to give Katarina a proper beating .	Past
She is humiliated when she faces the united front of every single one of Barbara 's living former agents .	Past
And she knows Babs ’ weaknesses .	Pres
Babs believes what she ’ s doing is necessary , Katarina believes what Babs is doing is treason .	Pres
Edited down to 100 minutes in 1966 the serial was re-released for television under the title " Spy Smasher Returns " .	Past
The warehouse site was then transformed into the Hawley Shipyard during the construction .	Past
In July 1980 the Hawley Shipyard was torn down for the removal and christening of the completed ship .	Past
" Hjemkomst " was shipped overnight to Duluth , Minnesota , on August 5 , 1980 .	Past
The DDF tendon flexes the coffin joint , and the navicular bone acts as a fulcrum that the DDF tendon runs over .	Pres
Repeated compression in this area can cause cartilage degeneration , with the cartilage flattening and gradually becoming less springy and shock-absorbing .	Past
This tends to make the bone more brittle , and thus more likely to break .	Pres
Poor hoof shape is usually inherited , although poor shoeing and trimming can contribute to these shapes .	Past
The horse is also constantly applying pressure to the navicular bones ( which is intermittent as the horse moves ) .	Pres
People on both sides agree that proper hoof shape and angle are an important long-term management plan for a horse with navicular disease .	Pres
This can sometimes be accomplished with a flat shoe and trimming alone .	Past
Some horses benefit from shoes that change the breakover of their foot ( like a rolled toe ) .	Pres
With or without shoes , the hoof must be trimmed in such a way as to restore the balance and angle that may have been lost .	Past
Some veterinarians and hoof care practitioners recommend exercising the horse on varied terrain to stimulate and strengthen the caudal hoof structures .	Pres
Gallium nitrate ( GaN ) has been hypothesized as a possible treatment for navicular disease , but its benefits have not been confirmed by formal clinical studies .	Past
In this procedure , the palmar digital nerves are severed , so the horse loses sensation in the back of the foot .	Past
Due to this , the feet should be cleaned and inspected regularly .	Past
Neurectomy tends to lower the market value of a horse , and may even make the horse ineligible for competition .	Pres
In navicular suspensory desmotomy , the ligaments supporting the navicular bone are severed .	Past
The prognosis for a horse with navicular syndrome is guarded .	Past
CUT = missed the half-way cut	Past
" T " indicates a tie for a place	Pres
Alison Parker , a beautiful but severely neurotic fashion model , moves into a gorgeous Brooklyn brownstone house that has been divided into apartments .	Pres
The house is inhabited on the top floor by Father Halliran , a reclusive blind priest who spends all of his time sitting at his open window .	Past
Alison learns that the building is owned by a secret society of excommunicated Catholic priests and is a gateway to Hell .	Pres
The priest is nearing the end of his life , and a new guardian is needed .	Pres
Alison is confronted by her neighbor Charles Chazen and all of the minions of Hell .	Past
Alison is chased through the building by grotesque and deformed creatures .	Past
Franchino supports the infirm Halliran as he wields a large crucifix .	Pres
Shortly after , the brownstone is demolished and replaced with a new , more modern apartment complex .	Past
Gallman also commended the film 's script , performances , and effective imagery .	Past
David Cameron who became Prime Minister at the 2010 general election is descended from the Mount family .	Past
On March 29 the plant was manually shut down due to high vibrations causing leaks in the main turbine control system .	Past
Unit 2 was restarted on April 2 , but vibration broke a main steam pipe drain line .	Past
The line was repaired and the restart resumed , but by June 7 the main steam lines were showing unexplained aberrations .	Past
The steam dryer was repaired and Unit 2 was restarted on July 21 , 2002 .	Past
The NRC inspected all repairs and the extended power uprate was completed successfully .	Past
This equates to roughly 1.2 million homes .	Pres
Quad Cities is projected to pay $ 9.60 / MW · h in 2015 .	Past
Given an annual generation of 15,44 million MW · h , it sums to $ 170 million of losses .	Pres
But Quad Cities could be relieved of some of the congestion costs in 2017 .	Past
Central German divides into two subgroups , West Central German and East Central German .	Pres
Central German is distinguished by having experienced only the first and fourth phases of the High German consonant shift .	Past
It is spoken in the linguistic transition region separated from Northern Germany ( Low German / Low Franconian ) by the Benrath line isogloss .	Past
Despite this , he undertook other religious commissions .	Past
In 1962 , he was honored with a postage stamp .	Past
An application for 20-year extension was filed in 2005 with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .	Past
Spent fuel is stored outdoors in 21 storage casks , each containing 30 tons and resting on a concrete pad .	Past
The removed units are stored in a large concrete building on plant property .	Past
Like all U.S. nuclear power plants since September 11 , 2001 , public access to Palisades is prohibited .	Past
However , Palisades can be glimpsed from the neighboring Van Buren State Park .	Past
The first album , " Dead Meadow " , was released in 2000 on Tolotta Records , a label run by Fugazi bassist Joe Lally .	Past
In 2007 , the band reverted to a three piece .	Past
In January 2011 , Laughlin postponed his career in law to rejoin the band permanently and tour Europe and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S .	Past
He shopped his demo to various record labels and eventually dropped the first of several records , 1990 's " Funky Technician " .	Past
Showbiz , a name he 'd stolen from an old Richard Pryor record , pioneered taking an instrumental and looping voices over it .	Past
In 1999 , A.G. restarted his rap career with his solo CD " Dirty Version " .	Past
The right was reserved to order a second , duplicate unit under the same terms .	Past
This entailed significant upgrades to several plant systems and components , including safety-related pumps and valves , as well as the turbine-generator sets .	Past
This was tied for 62 in a list of 104 with # 1 being most at risk .	Past
The case was argued on January 8-11 , 1901 and was decided on May 27 , 1901 .	Past
DeLima argued that The Port of New York City had no jurisdiction to collect duties since Puerto Rico had been annexed by the United States .	Past
Justice Joseph McKenna authored a dissent , which was joined by Justices George Shiras , Jr . , and Edward Douglass White .	Past
Justice Horace Gray authored a separate dissenting opinion .	Past
Apart from the depression Langevin creates in the surface , it is scarcely distinguishable from the surrounding terrain .	Pres
Multiple small craters lie along the rim , including a cluster along the southwest and a crater along the northeast rim .	Pres
In other words , winning the auction carries bad news about a bidder 's value estimate .	Pres
It grows in dense tufts , with stems that are usually unbranched and hairless .	Pres
The leaves are kidney-shaped , somewhat fleshy , on stalks from the basal part of the stem .	Past
It typically grows in alpine meadows , scree , snow-bed sites and beside streams .	Pres
Idlette portrayed Katherine Jackson , mother of Michael Jackson , in the 2004 biopic " " .	Past
The PACE program targets students with more extreme cases of psychological issues .	Pres
In 2006 , the criteria was adjusted to reflect the continuous improvement of the system 's schools .	Past
Flexibility in course offerings permits those with particular ability in these areas to move forward at a pace that makes the best educational sense for them .	Pres
The curriculum encourages critical thinking through the study of traditional college preparatory curricula while at the same time offers an international perspective .	Pres
Work on the Student Senate helps students focus on their strengths and leadership abilities , improve their public speaking skills , and work collaboratively with others .	Pres
The school competes in the ACIS and ISAL independent school leagues .	Pres
At Quaker Meeting for Worship , students and faculty sit in silence , and if they feel moved to say something , they stand and speak .	Pres
The Court also examined and rejected claims that she was graded less stringently .	Past
This area of the surface is not completely hidden from the Earth , however , as suitable combinations of libration and sunlight will bring it into view .	Past
The southeastern rim of this crater grazes the outer rim of the huge walled plain Harkhebi .	Pres
Hackett 's campaign attracted national attention and substantial expenditures by both parties .	Past
It was viewed by some observers as the first round of the 2006 elections .	Past
Weemer had contacted Hackett two years earlier after he had successfully represented other Marines charged with violations of the law of war in Haditha in November 2005 .	Past
Hackett was undaunted by the Republican composition of the district , claiming :	Past
Hackett hammered on Schmidt 's ethics .	Past
The Hamilton County Auditor valued Hackett 's home on at $ 552,800 and the Clermont County Auditor valued Schmidt 's home on at $ 138,510 .	Past
I 've gone against the grain in the Democratic party .	Past
There isn 't a bigger gun enthusiast than me . "	Pres
Both candidates talked of the environment .	Past
Hackett paddled down the Ohio River to call attention to its condition .	Past
Hackett attracted national attention to what had always been considered a safe Republican district .	Past
" The Times " also quoted him as saying Bush was " the greatest threat to America . "	Past
On July 21 , Max Cleland , formerly a United States Senator from Georgia , campaigned for Hackett at a rally in Blue Ash .	Past
He further contends that Schumer sabotaged his fundraising efforts and actively worked against his campaign .	Pres
Hackett later reconciled with Brown and backed his successful Senate campaign .	Past
As a result a number of candidates threw their names into the race , and Hackett kept his promise .	Past
A founding member of the Gay Liberation Front , Johnson co-founded the gay and transvestite advocacy organization S.T.A.R .	Past
She waited on tables after moving to Greenwich Village in 1966 .	Past
In 1975 , Johnson was photographed by famed artist Andy Warhol , as part of a " Ladies and Gentlemen " series of Polaroids .	Past
The alleged " shot glass " incident has also been heavily disputed .	Past
When Johnson was asked by the judge why she was hustling , Johnson explained she was trying to secure enough money for her husband 's tombstone .	Past
Initially sentenced to 90 days in prison for the assault , Johnson 's lawyer eventually convinced the judge to send her to Bellevue instead .	Past
I mean how many years does it take for people to see that we 're all in this rat race together . "	Pres
Johnson spoke of first having a mental breakdown in 1970 .	Past
During the fight he used a homophobic slur , and later bragged to someone at a bar that he had killed a drag queen named Marsha .	Past
Johnson was cremated and her ashes were released over the river by her friends following a funeral at the local church .	Past
Many of her friends from Greenwich Village are interviewed for the documentary .	Past
After asking a valet , Adam discovers the thief had been asking for directions toward Arizona .	Pres
At the same time , Adam deals with the painful memories of his divorce and ostracisation from his children .	Pres
Adam realizes the woman from earlier was none other than Julie Newmar , who then reveals herself to be working as Frank 's accomplice .	Pres
The lights vanish once more and the Batmobile is gone .	Pres
Adam rushes off to find the perpetrators whilst accompanied by the classic Batman theme , with a more enthusiastic Burt running by his side .	Pres
The UCR system indexes crimes under two headings : Part I and Part II offenses .	Pres
This correspondence extends to the racial demography of both perpetrators and victims of violent crime reported in both systems .	Pres
The NCVS classifies some Hispanic criminals as " white " and some as " other race " .	Pres
According to the 2010 US Census , Hispanics constituted 16.3 % of the US population .	Past
African Americans were overrepresented relative to their population to varying degrees in every US state .	Past
The results are highly correlated with education .	Past
Consequently , they resort to jail term as opposed to community corrections sentence .	Pres
Additionally , theorists advocate that minorities are stereotypically identified as more violent and guilty than whites .	Pres
This perception encourages judges to believe that they are preventing the onset of future crimes by imprisoning the defendants for a longer duration .	Pres
Because these characteristics are less associated with white offenders , judges unintentionally treat the two differently .	Pres
Some studies have argued for smaller racial disparities in violent crime in recent times .	Past
Blacks were still overrepresented although only by about 2.5x their share of the general population .	Past
The CDC keeps data on non-fatal injury emergency department visits and the race of victims .	Pres
Black youths were overrepresented in all offense categories except DUI , liquor laws and drunkenness .	Past
The federal government publishes a list annually of Hate Crime Statistics , 2009 .	Pres
Studies have examined that ethnic / racially heterogeneous areas , most often neighborhoods in large cities , have higher crime rates than more homogeneous areas .	Past
For the same drug possession crimes , blacks were sentenced to double the time of whites .	Past
Research shows that childhood exposure to violence significantly increases the likelihood to engage in violent behavior .	Pres
Cesare Lombroso , founder of the Italian school of criminology , argued that criminal behavior was the product of biological factors , including race .	Past
As a general theory of criminal behavior , conflict theory proposes that crime is an inevitable consequence of the conflict which arises between competing groups within society .	Pres
Criticism has also pointed to the lack of testability of the general theory .	Past
The diversity of minority cultures present in poverty-stricken neighborhoods prevents the formation of strong social bonds and leaves inhabitants uninterested in maintaining positive community relationships .	Pres
Walsh argues that the macrostructural opportunity model helps explain why black murderers almost always choose black victims .	Pres
From this it is argued that , in those segments of the population where such motivation is lacking , crime will be more prevalent .	Past
The core idea of social control theory is elaborated upon in several other theories of causation , particularly social disorganization theory .	Past
As to the origins of this subculture of violence among African Americans , sociologists promoting the theory have pointed towards their Southern heritage .	Past
SOTENI assists those women and orphans who have been most affected by the AIDS pandemic .	Pres
During the 2006 and 2008 electoral campaigns , Wulsin 's participation in a 2004 study for Cincinnati 's Heimlich Institute was criticized by her opponents .	Past
and recommended that the Institute wait for results of other studies .	Past
The day after Wulsin submitted the report , Heimlich fired her .	Past
The slave trade had been abolished in 1807 , but Buxton began to work for the abolition of the institution of slavery .	Past
He also pressured the government to send dispatches to the colonies to improve the treatment of slaves .	Past
This had been partly organised by Priscilla Buxton in 1833 , and the first two signatures were Amelia Opie 's and hers .	Past
In 1839 Buxton urged the British government to make treaties with African leaders to abolish the slave trade .	Past
This phase is characterized by severe hemolytic anemia and transient immunosuppression .	Past
The case fatality ratios of untreated patients exceeded 40 % but reach around 90 % when opportunistic infection with " Salmonella " spp .	Past
In children , symptoms of anorexia , nausea , and vomiting have been investigated as possible symptoms of the disease .	Past
In developed countries , where the disease rarely occurs , it is recommended to seek the advice of a specialist in infectious disease when diagnosed .	Past
Jurors for cases are plucked from time soon before they actually die , this is so the effects on the time-stream are minimal .	Past
This also establishes the tendencies for time-travelers to go through genetic scrambling , also to minimize the effect on the time-stream .	Pres
Notably , the scrambling tends to cause similar looks among differing males who undergo the process .	Pres
On occasion , the TVA hires mercenaries for use in the more dangerous missions , such as Justice Peace and Death 's Head .	Pres
Delivered in 1937 , it became obsolete even before World War II and was kept well away from combat with Axis fighters .	Past
The main landing gear retracted into wheel wells in the fuselage just forward of the lower wing and the tail wheel retracted into the fuselage .	Past
The production aircraft were powered by an 825 hp ( 615 kW ) Pratt & Whitney R-1535-94 fourteen-cylinder , twin-row , air-cooled engine driving a three-blade propeller .	Past
A second SBC-3 was redesignated XSBC-4 and used for test work .	Past
By June 1938 , three of the five scouting squadrons serving in aircraft carriers were equipped with SBC-3s while the other two were equipped with Vought SBU-1s .	Past
This aircraft was re-engined with the 750 hp ( 559 kW ) Wright R-1820-22 nine cylinder , single row , air-cooled engine	Past
Total aircraft contracted for was 124 .	Past
The aircraft were powered by the 850 hp ( 634 kW ) Wright R-1820-24 engine .	Past
By 26 June 1939 , VS-2 was fully equipped with 21 aircraft .	Past
Hornet was undergoing sea trials in the Atlantic on 7 December and the two squadrons kept their SBC-4s until the ship sailed to California in March 1942 .	Pres
The major change was replacing the 135-U.S.-gallon ( 511-liter ) fuselage fuel tank with a 126-U.S. gallon ( 477-liter ) self-sealing fuel tank .	Pres
The squadron was redesignated Marine Scout Bombing Squadron One Hundred Fifty One ( VMSB-151 ) on 15 September 1942 .	Past
One of the first groups that left encountered rain and fog while flying between Buffalo and Albany , New York and one of the aircraft crashed .	Past
The remaining 49 aircraft were successfully flown to Nova Scotia to be loaded onto " Béarn " and the light cruiser .	Past
The two ships sailed from Halifax on 16 June 1940 bound for Brest , France .	Past
The SBC-4s were unloaded and rolled to a field at the Pointe des Sables region and stored in the open .	Past
Under tropical climatic conditions , the aircraft stored in the open were slowly rotting and were no longer airworthy and were eventually scrapped .	Pres
Is " and shipped them to England in the aircraft carrier HMS " Furious " .	Pres
They were assembled at RAF Burtonwood , Lancashire , and delivered to RAF Little Rissington , Gloucestershire and later used by No .	Past
This harmless species is widely fished for meat , fins , liver oil , and fishmeal .	Past
This result supports the counterintuitive idea that the first hammerhead shark to evolve had a large cephalofoil .	Pres
It also supports the separation of " Eusphyra " from " Sphyrna " by keeping the latter monophyletic ( including all descendants of a single ancestor ) .	Pres
The circular eyes , located at the forward outer corners of the cephalofoil , are equipped with protective nictitating membranes .	Past
It grows up to long .	Pres
Its range extends as far north as Taiwan and as far south as the Montebello Islands off Western Australia .	Pres
This species inhabits shallow waters close to shore and has been known to enter estuaries .	Pres
The lateral blades seem too large to function in maneuvering , which has been suggested for other hammerheads .	Pres
The males bite at the sides of the females as a prelude to copulation .	Pres
The gestation period lasts 8 – 9 months off western India , and 10 – 11 months off northern Australia .	Pres
Initially , the embryo is nourished by yolk and develops in a similar fashion to other sharks .	Past
The blades of the cephalofoil are folded back along the body , and long external gill filaments protrude from the gill slits .	Past
The newborns measure in length .	Pres
The incredible explosion hurled around 100 cubic km of rocks , ashes and dust up to 70 km high and darkened the sky .	Past
The blast equalled to 170,000 Hiroshima bombs .	Past
This made bringing in a harvest in those years not possible .	Pres
Throughout Germany , people were starving .	Pres
The Royal Couple donated cash prizes and honorary awards for outstanding agricultural accomplishment .	Past
The vendors attracted the people with sauerkraut , sausage and a lot of sweet fancy foods .	Past
4 to 5 million visitors are attracted to it .	Past
Placed on top of the 23 m high pillar sits a bowl with fruits .	Pres
Only the highest mobile Ferris wheels of the world is towering above it .	Pres
Until recently the fruit column , the design of which has changed over the years , was dismantled after each Volksfest .	Past
Every few years it is redesigned .	Past
In recent years only the tip has been dismantled leaving the lower portion in place housing information stands and the Cannstatter " city can " .	Past
The village was relaunched as an Alpine village in October 2008 .	Past
On the orders of King Wilhelm I , masked pigs ( Maskenschweine ? )	Past
were imported from Central China in 1820 / 21 , in order to improve pig breeding in the kingdom of Baden-Württemberg .	Past
During its official existence , the school was housed in three different locations , all in downtown St. Paul .	Past
Until 1938 , when it was accredited by the ABA , the law school relied entirely upon local attorneys and judges for its faculty and administration .	Past
Similarly , the YMCA school ceased functioning in 1934 , despite discussions of a formal merger with the Minnesota College of Law .	Past
Its existence was dominated by funding issues , which were only alleviated by a formal merger with the Minnesota College of Law in 1940 .	Past
The most pressing issue for WMCL Trustees after the merger was finding a new , permanent home for the school .	Pres
It wasn 't until 1958 that the school truly unified under one roof .	Pres
By 1976 , William Mitchell had outgrown the space at St. Thomas and required larger facilities .	Past
Currently , the school is unranked by " U.S. News and World Report " .	Past
National Jurist ranks William Mitchell # 12 overall among law schools for public interest .	Pres
Students are instructed in conducting discovery , examining witnesses , introducing exhibits , presenting opening and closing arguments , and presenting written and oral appellate arguments .	Past
The Intellectual Property Institute advances the school 's IP program , which features a curriculum focused on patent , trademark , and copyright law .	Pres
The National Security Forum examines and debates the balance between safety and liberty in America .	Pres
The Rosalie Wahl Legal Practice Center directs William Mitchell 's clinic , externship , and skills programs .	Pres
The Center also supports William Mitchell 's elder law curriculum .	Pres
She contested the seat against the candidate for the Forum for Democratic Change , Augustine Ruzindana , and won overwhelmingly .	Past
She was re-elected in March 2011 to another five-year term .	Past
On 27 May 2011 , she was elevated to Minister for Karamoja Affairs , complete with a State Minister for Karamoja Affairs .	Past
He also portrayed Peter Harrell on " General Hospital " in 1984 – 85 .	Past
Warrior disbanded when Vincent was selected to be a member of KISS .	Past
This area along the Mississippi River had long been inhabited by indigenous peoples .	Past
The congregations would have reflected the majority-black population of the area , where most workers on the cotton plantations were slaves .	Past
In 1879 , the Jesse James gang robbed two stores in Washington and in Fayette in Jefferson County , Mississippi .	Past
The gang absconded with $ 2,000 cash in the second robbery and took shelter in abandoned cabins on the Kemp Plantation south of St. Joseph , Louisiana .	Past
The population of Banat and Bačka was decimated in the Ottoman wars .	Past
They were measured to the closest second .	Past
Cartmell crossed the finish line two yards ahead of Malfait .	Past
Phillips pulled up lame , allowing Hamilton to win by about three yards .	Past
The semifinals were begun at 3 : 35 p.m. on 21 July .	Past
Cloughen withdrew to prepare for the 200m heats .	Past
Hamilton withdrew to prepare for the 200m heats .	Past
Walker responded with a great effort , pulling level with Rector .	Past
His family emigrated to Chicago when he was five .	Past
Both horses were inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame .	Past
In 1924 , Hertz fronted the city of Chicago $ 34,000 to install the city 's first traffic lights , on Michigan Avenue .	Past
Their remains are interred at Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York City .	Past
It grows up to 6 m high .	Pres
Vision therapy can be prescribed when a comprehensive eye examination indicates that it is an appropriate treatment option .	Past
Orthoptics aims to treat [ [ binocular vision ] ] disorders such as [ [ strabismus ] ] , and [ [ diplopia ] ] .	Pres
Behavioral VT aims to treat problems including difficulties of visual attention and concentration , which behavioral optometrists classify as visual information processing weaknesses .	Pres
These manifest themselves as an inability to sustain focus or to shift focus from one area of space to another .	Pres
Behavioral Vision Therapy is practiced primarily by optometrists who specialize in the area .	Past
Vision therapy treatment aims to train : Gross Visual-Motor skills , Fine Visual-Motor skills , Visual Perception , Peripheral Vision , Contrast & Color Perception .	Pres
The book discusses multiple case histories and details the therapy procedures and the science underlying them .	Pres
By implication , the lack of evidence for the alternative therapies is cited as a lack of evidence for vision therapy .	Past
Barrett discussed these techniques under ten headings :	Past
Renys purchases small lots of high quality brands at a discount by buying production overruns , closeouts , irregulars , and factory seconds .	Pres
She composes music for films and works as a gallery artist , specializing in working with discarded and reclaimed materials .	Pres
Napolitano collaborated with Danny Lohner ( Nine Inch Nails , A Perfect Circle , Black Light Burns ) on the horror film " Dead Silence " .	Past
The pair had successfully collaborated previously for the films " Underworld " and " Wicker Park " .	Past
She also sang the title song , " Falling in Love " .	Past
Designed as an improvement on the single-seat F2F , it entered service in 1936 .	Past
The second prototype was rebuilt in three weeks , flying on 20 June 1935 .	Past
With the introduction of the Brewster F2A-1 , the Navy 's biplane fighter days were numbered .	Past
Thousands of opposition activists were jailed without charge and as many as 91 killed .	Past
State structures are ceasing to function .	Pres
The cries are voiced to physical reprisals with the ' reds ' , with people who have different opinions .	Past
Many people are struck by despair .	Past
I declare , that today the Military Council of National Salvation has been formed .	Pres
In accordance with the Constitution , the State Council has imposed martial law all over the country .	Past
I wish that everyone understood the motives of our actions .	Pres
A curfew was imposed , the national borders sealed , airports closed , and road access to main cities restricted .	Past
Telephone lines were disconnected , mail subject to renewed postal censorship , all independent official organizations were criminalized , and classes in schools and universities suspended .	Past
In an attempt to crush resistance , civilian phone lines were routinely tapped and monitored by government agents .	Past
Even after martial law was lifted , a number of restrictions remained in place for several years that drastically reduced the civil liberties of the citizenry .	Past
A number of international flights were even hijacked in attempts to flee the country and its economic problems .	Past
Between December 1980 and October 1983 , 11 Polish flights were hijacked to Berlin Tempelhof Airport alone .	Past
In 1982 the United States suspended most favored nation trade status until 1987 and vetoed Poland 's application for membership in the International Monetary Fund .	Past
Jaruzelski responded by claiming the document was ' just another falsification ' .	Past
Originally conceived as an uprated F11F Tiger , it soon evolved into a larger and more powerful project .	Past
Although two prototypes were ordered in , development was cancelled the same year in favor of the F4H Phantom II before any examples were built .	Past
For ejection , the tandem crew were encapsulated and ejected downwards .	Past
When Augustine asked him what he was doing , he replied , " I am emptying the sea into this hole . "	Past
This precedent was greatly elaborated upon by Pope John Paul II with his historic trips , numbering over a hundred .	Past
As a result , Benedict may be paying homage to these men and the new role for the papacy .	Pres
He commanded the bear to carry the load .	Past
At the same time , Corbinian 's bear , as God 's beast of burden , symbolizes the weight of office that Benedict carried .	Pres
Pope Benedict 's arms maintain the keys , but replace the tiara with a mitre and add a pallium .	Pres
The stripes preserve that meaning and are joined at the centre to show their unity in the same person .	Pres
He drew up a new coat of arms , which he believed could be used now by the former pontiff .	Past
Some confusion exists over the western terminus .	Pres
Signage on the bridge indicates NH 102 sharing East Hollis Street with NH 111 .	Pres
Exit signs on NH 101 indicate 102 at the exit , but officially the road ends at NH 107 .	Pres
Immediately after the interchange with I-93 , Route 3A enters Derry as Broadway , the main commercial thoroughfare in town .	Pres
Artifacts unearthed lead scientists to believe that successive tribes of prehistoric people used the area .	Pres
The top layer was deposited by members of the Abenaki tribes that fished in the area in the summer .	Past
Early results from the study indicated that low self-control was highly positively correlated to criminal behavior in both genders , but was especially significant for males .	Past
In this study , opportunity was measured by the number of nights per week individuals go out for recreation purposes .	Past
For every woman , 1.28 men drink alcohol , which is a large influencer in deviant behavior .	Pres
Childhood-onset delinquency is attributed to lack of parenting , neurocognitive problems , and temperament and behavior problems .	Past
Past studies explained gender and crime through psychological and biological aspects .	Past
However , now specific sociological theories analyze the gender differences when it comes to committing crime .	Pres
Brezina 's research focuses on the " general strain theory , " specifically , on why males and females have a gap rate in crime .	Pres
Because of this , research suggests that boys and men are more closely related to crime and delinquency .	Pres
Brezina argues that girls and women have limited opportunities to commit crime .	Pres
Instead of coping their strain with crime , they express it with their emotions to eliminate the stress .	Pres
Testosterone and other androgens have evolved to masculinize a brain in order to be competitive even as far as being a risk to harming others .	Past
They argue that this shows that gender-role norms play a large part in the differences in aggressive behavior between men and women .	Pres
This replicated another 2007 meta-analysis of 148 studies in the journal " Child Development " which found greater male aggression in childhood and adolescence .	Past
One study argued that it was the above-cited Dekeseredy et al .	Past
Men accounted for 80.4 percent of persons arrested for violent crime and 62.9 percent of those arrested for property crime .	Past
According to government statistics from the US Department of Justice , male perpetrators constituted 96 % of federal prosecution on domestic violence .	Past
It rose for the latter from 2.2 per 1,000 in 1988 to a peak of 5.6 per 1,000 in 1996 , and began to decline in 1999 .	Past
Gender statistics Canada by total charged annual crimes ( 2002 ) :	Pres
NH 103A connects New London with Newbury .	Pres
NH 103B connects Newbury with Sunapee .	Pres
Like the previous albums , it centers on the story of Algalord and The Emerald Sword Saga .	Pres
GCS Ballpark features reserved box seating , lawn seating , party suites , two hot tubs , and a section of bleacher seating .	Past
GCS Ballpark sells a unique food item called " Baseball 's Best Burger " , a variant of the Luther Burger .	Pres
The ballpark and the burger were showcased in a special baseball-themed episode in season 2 of the Travel Channel 's " Man v. Food " .	Past
They initially feuded with The Steiner Brothers ( Rick and Scott ) , but were unable to defeat them for the United States Tag Team Championship .	Past
In April 1993 , after a European tour , they were suspended , and later fired from the company .	Past
They were supposed to feud with Kevin Sullivan and his ( kayfabe ) dyslexic brother Dave , who called himself Evad ( " Dave " backwards ) .	Past
After the match , Sags filed a lawsuit .	Past
The Nasty Boys were briefly reunited in the short-lived XWF and the World Wrestling Council in Puerto Rico .	Past
" , where they trashed Team 3D 's locker room during their absence from the show while in Japan .	Past
This initiated a feud , with both teams exchanging physical onslaughts with one another .	Past
Meteorology was first practiced in Serbia when meteorological data was gathered , monitored and recorded on a daily basis , in 1848 , in Belgrade .	Past
She destroys a few major cities in China to prove her power to humanity , who react in shock .	Pres
Returning to her lair in Inner-Earth , she awakens her army of Skeleton Ghosts and various mutant humanoids to wreak havoc on the surface .	Pres
In the HQ 's secret laboratory , he transforms Lei Ma , a high-ranking SH officer , into the bionic kung fu superhero Inframan .	Pres
Once Inframan destroys the princess 's various monsters , she decides to steal the professor 's blueprints of Inframan in hope of discovering his weakness .	Pres
Meanwhile , the professor introduces Thunderball Fists , gloves capable of destroying any substance known to man as well as covering up Inframan 's weakness .	Pres
The princess decides to coerce the professor .	Pres
The professor agrees to go to Mount Devil for a meeting .	Pres
When the professor refuses to make another Inframan , he and his daughter are frozen .	Past
Lei Ma throws his arms into a Kamen Rider-like " henshin " / transforming pose , and says :	Pres
The fort 's construction was supervised by US Army engineer Moses Porter , later commander of the Regiment of Light Artillery .	Past
Considered to be neurologically based , nonverbal learning disorder is characterized by verbal strengths as well as visual-spatial , motor , and social skills difficulties .	Past
People with this disorder may not at times comprehend nonverbal cues such as facial expression or tone of voice .	Pres
The files have been characterized as " high fantasy " filled with " complex and convoluted conspiracism " .	Past
Development had not progressed very much before the program was cancelled in July 1990 as a cost-cutting measure following the end of the Cold War .	Past
The U.S. Defense Acquisition Board ( DAB ) recommended a full-scale development of the LRAACA on 4 January 1989 .	Past
The program was finally cancelled by the DAB in late 1990 .	Past
Butua was renowned as the source of gold for Arab and Portuguese traders .	Past
The kingdom was governed by the Torwa dynasty until 1683 from its capital at Khami .	Past
In 1683 , the kingdom was conquered by the Rozwi Empire .	Past
It connects the town of Pembroke with Meredith in the Lakes Region .	Pres
Northbound traffic is detoured onto I-93 northbound to exit 20 and must use NH 140 from Belmont to reach NH 106 .	Past
Although the route stretches for almost , NH 107 essentially exists as a series of smaller segments connected by short concurrencies with other routes .	Pres
NH 107 cuts across the southwestern corner of Brentwood , then crosses the Exeter River into Fremont and intersects with NH 111A .	Pres
The two routes overlap for before NH 111A splits off to the south .	Pres
The highway intersects the eastern terminus of NH 102 before turning due north .	Pres
NH 107 turns west onto NH 27 , and NH 156 , a short connector to Nottingham , splits off to the north .	Past
NH 107 continues northwest through more hilly terrain for several miles , then crosses NH 140 in the town center .	Pres
NH 107 turns onto NH 11A ( Union Avenue ) for , then NH 11A splits off east towards the US 3 / NH 11 bypass .	Pres
The road progresses to the northwest , becoming Burnt Swamp Road at the town line .	Pres
Named in honor of Thomas Jefferson , the college was chartered in 1802 , but did not begin operation until 1811 .	Past
Chartered on May 13 , 1802 , by the General Assembly of the Mississippi Territory , Jefferson College was the first institution of higher learning in Mississippi .	Past
By 1893 , the institution had been reorganized as a military school , taking the name Jefferson Military College .	Past
In 1965 , all buildings and lands owned by Jefferson College were conveyed to the State of Mississippi in exchange for discharging the school 's debts .	Past
Three buildings , constructed during the 19th century , are contributing resources for the Jefferson College National Historic District :	Pres
Over time , the church building deteriorated and was no longer standing by the mid-1870s .	Past
The T.J. Foster Nature Trails wind though an old-growth hardwood forest over distances of to .	Pres
The area is now being transformed into an urban village and hub for creative businesses , whilst maintaining its urban fabric .	Past
The area was crossed by three roads .	Past
The plots in the Great Charles Street area were first let in 1760 .	Past
It was particularly stimulated by the donation of of land by Charles Colmore for the construction of a church .	Past
However , New Hall still blocked further development down Newhall Street .	Past
This was leased by Matthew Boulton to James Watt and appears to be the earliest villa in the area .	Past
In 1784 , Sir Thomas Gooch leased out an estate on the northern side of Warstone Lane .	Past
The Jewellery Quarter 's output surpassed that of the jewellery trade in nearby Derby and the products manufactured in the Quarter also improved in quality .	Past
In 1848 , the company bought land used for sandpits and gardens from the Gooch and Vyse estates for use as a cemetery .	Pres
In 1837 , he patented a method of manufacturing cloth-covered buttons and built a factory to the rear of his works which extended to Vittoria Street .	Past
All products were manufactured by Thomas Aston of Regent 's Place and Mr. Baleny of St Paul 's Square .	Past
The trade benefited greatly from the declining price of raw gold , from the 1880s onwards .	Past
Also invented in the Jewellery Quarter was the first man-made plastic , Parkesine , by Alexander Parkes in 1862 .	Past
The suppliers of precious stones , tools and packaging also benefited .	Past
However , at the end of the war , the demand plummeted and the jewellers also witnessed a change in fashion in society .	Past
Despite being accepted , the plan was not implemented .	Past
Following the war , the Quarter witnessed a slight recovery which was again hindered by the lack of space .	Past
Over 300 buildings were upgraded , leading to private expenditure of over £ 6 million .	Past
Anvic House was refurbished into workshops whilst one firm converted their premises into an advertising agency .	Past
The plan recommended that the council work with English Partnerships and the local businesses in the area .	Past
However , residents and employees in the Quarter have criticised the council 's lack of progress in developing the Jewellery Quarter into a hub for creative businesses .	Past
Manufacturers in the area have also complained that the rise in rents have made it difficult for them to remain .	Past
The historical importance of the Jewellery Quarter was recognised by Birmingham City Council and English Heritage in the 1970s .	Past
It was recognised as Birmingham 's last remaining Georgian square and an example of late 18th century urban planning in Birmingham .	Past
In 1998 , English Heritage undertook a survey of the entire Jewellery Quarter by documenting all the buildings in the area .	Past
Due to being a conservation area , many schemes involve the refurbishment of existing buildings although there are many new-build projects as well .	Pres
The design involves the retention of a Grade II listed building as well as two other buildings which are important to the local history and townscape .	Pres
A planning application for the site was submitted in 2005 and was approved in March 2006 .	Past
The two floors above were refurbished to provide approximately of office space .	Past
The site is bounded by Icknield Street , Camden Street and Carver Street and incorporating Pope Street and Moreton Street .	Past
Ninex are constructing the complex .	Pres
It rises southeast from the canal to Great Charles Street Queensway .	Pres
Little Hockley Pool was filled in after 1834 whilst Great Hockley Pool was drained in 1869 .	Past
Birmingham City Council first recognised the importance of tourism in raising the profile of the Jewellery Quarter in the 1980s .	Past
To influence the quality of design for future shops , a shopfront design guide was prepared by the council for the area .	Past
Manufacturers were approached to allow members of the public to enter their premises and see products be manufactured in the Quarter .	Past
Retailers were also approached to assist in the publication of a prestigious shopping guide along with World Gold Guides .	Past
The sculptures themselves were manufactured in the Jewellery Quarter by Form Fabrications ( Birmingham ) Limited .	Past
The trail is shaped like a giant bronze charm bracelet .	Past
Many former industrial buildings have been refurbished including the Argent Centre .	Past
In the 19th century , other products such as chains were manufactured .	Past
However , some larger chains were manufactured for industrial uses .	Past
At around the mid-19th century , between 1,500 and 1,600 people were manufactured in the chain-making industry , 500 of which were women .	Past
Hudson also manufactured whistles for the RMS " Titanic " , some of which were recovered from the wreck .	Past
Coffins and coffin parts were also manufactured in the area with the main factory being the Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory .	Past
By the 1950s , the company was exporting their products to Asia , Africa and North America .	Pres
Coins were also manufactured in the Jewellery Quarter by the Birmingham Mint , which flourished in the city from 1850 till 2003 .	Past
However , as the Mint expanded , their business diversified into the manufacture of commemorative medals , copper tubings and gambling tokens .	Past
By 1953 , coins accounted for only 5 % of the business .	Past
It was unveiled in January 1904 by Chamberlain 's wife .	Past
The building was refurbished into a studio offices for arts , media and creative businesses .	Past
The canal arm has since been filled in although the remains of the entrance to it are still visible from the canal path .	Past
Newhall Street crosses the canal and beneath the bridge is lock 9 of the Farmers Bridge flight .	Pres
It has recently been renovated into apartments by MCD Developments .	Past
However , the area is bounded by large roads , chiefly a product of postwar redevelopment .	Past
At the northernmost point , Great Hampton Street crosses over the Middle Ring Road at Boulton Middleway .	Pres
They also redesigned much of the interior , creating a full-height atrium with gallery access to workshops .	Past
On 6 May 2008 , the college submitted a planning application for an extension to provide of additional space along with car parking .	Past
Opened in October 1994 , it is an independent college with approximately 140 pupils aged 14 – 19 .	Past
Birmingham Music School - a Yamaha Music Point exists within Branston Court .	Pres
Its presence heightens the growing music scene within the Jewellery Quarter and Hockley areas .	Pres
Caroline evidently loved and respected her stepfather , and would later honor his memory by naming her son after him .	Past
He was re-hired during training camp .	Past
Savage voiced an interest in the open position left vacant by Ken Stabler .	Past
By 1898 it was revised in the edition known today .	Past
The composer strove to distinguish each group of characters musically , and several individual characters have their own associated leitmotifs .	Pres
In addition to these distinctions , Rimsky-Korsakov characterized the townspeople particularly with folk melodies .	Past
Snow Maiden is enchanted by Lel 's songs , but is saddened when he goes off with a group of other girls .	Past
Kupava enters and announces her own wedding to Mizgir .	Pres
Kupava brings this effrontery before the villagers , and they advise her to go to the Tsar for redress .	Pres
But these deliberations are disrupted by the appearance of the beautiful Snow Maiden .	Past
The Tsar declares that whoever successfully woos Snow Maiden will win both her and a royal reward .	Pres
Although the maidens present Lel as the likely candidate , Mizgir swears that he will win Snow Maiden 's heart .	Pres
The Tsar agrees to the contest as the people sing his praises .	Pres
The people amuse themselves with song and dance .	Pres
The Tsar invites Lel to choose a maiden .	Pres
Despite Snow Maiden 's pleas , he kisses Kupava and goes off with her .	Pres
Frightened by his words , she runs off ; but the Wood-Sprite tricks Mizgir to follow an apparition of Snow Maiden instead .	Past
" In the valley of Yarilo , the sun god , dawn is breaking the next day "	Pres
The Berendeyans , in ritual bride-and-groom pairs , arrive to celebrate Yarilo 's Day .	Pres
Mizgir introduces Snow Maiden as his bride .	Pres
To the astonishment of the people , she melts .	Pres
The inconsolable Mizgir drowns himself in the lake .	Pres
The Tsar calms the horrified Berendeyans with the fact that this event has ended the fifteen-year-long winter that has befallen them .	Pres
Pitchfork and independent concert promoter Mike Reed withdrew their support from the festival following their split with promotion company Skyline Chicago , who organizes the festival .	Past
Pitchfork staged their own music festival in 2006 , the Pitchfork Music Festival .	Past
Rhett agrees , although he has no intention of honoring the request .	Pres
Scarlett and Rhett swim to an island , where they make love in a cave .	Pres
Scarlett connects with the Savannah O 'Haras against her maternal family 's wishes .	Pres
Scarlett refuses and storms out of the house .	Pres
Soon another cousin named Colum , a priest from Ireland , joins them .	Pres
Scarlett agrees to travel to Ireland with him .	Pres
By this time Scarlett has realized that she is pregnant with Rhett 's child but she keeps her pregnancy hidden .	Past
In Ireland , Scarlett is heartily welcomed by her Irish kin .	Past
Scarlett soon receives a notification of divorce from Rhett .	Pres
Heartbroken , Scarlett decides to remain in Ireland .	Pres
She is well respected by the townspeople and her family , earning her a reputation as a hard worker .	Past
Instead , she is saved by a wise old woman who lives near the haunted tower .	Past
He then seeks her out at a society ball and Scarlett realizes he still loves her .	Pres
She later decides to accept Lord Fenton when she hears that Anne is pregnant with Rhett ’ s child .	Pres
The news leaks out about her engagement and a drunken Rhett insults her when she runs into him at a horse race .	Pres
A friend tells Scarlett that Anne and the baby both died , and she rushes back to Ballyhara hopeful that Rhett will come looking for her .	Pres
Colum is murdered and Rosaleen Fitzpatrick sets fire to the English arsenal to avenge him .	Past
When she tells Rhett that he is Cat 's father , he helps her search .	Pres
They wake up the next morning ready to start their new lives together and leave Ireland .	Pres
Originally , term stretched west of the boulevard , but today not many people consider that part of Belgrade as part of Vračar .	Past
He also donated a piece of land to the Serbian Orthodox Church for the construction of the Temple of Saint Sava .	Past
The road winds through the scenic , mountainous country of New Hampshire north of the White Mountain National Forest .	Pres
Jill Johnson ( Carol Kane ) is babysitting the children of Dr. Mandrakis ( Carmen Argenziano ) at their home .	Pres
When the children are asleep , Jill receives a telephone call from a man who asks her if she has checked the children .	Pres
At first , Jill dismisses the telephone calls as a practical joke .	Pres
Jill , frightened to extreme measures , arms herself as she receives one final call from the nefarious stalker .	Past
Soon after the conversation , Jill receives a call from the police , only to find out that the stalker is calling from inside the house .	Pres
The scene segues to a close-up of detective John Clifford ( Charles Durning ) , who enters the very same doorstep to investigate shortly afterwards .	Pres
He is beaten after disturbing a woman , Tracy ( Colleen Dewhurst ) , in a tavern , and later follows her to her apartment .	Past
Meanwhile , an increasingly obsessed Clifford confides to his friend ( now Lieutenant ) Garber his intention to kill Duncan rather than arrest him .	Pres
Garber , who was also present in the Mandrakis crime scene , agrees to collaborate .	Pres
She panics and calls Sharon ; nothing seems to be wrong at first , but then the call is suddenly disconnected .	Pres
Clifford is tipped off by Garber and tries to call Jill , but finds that the line is disconnected .	Past
He chases her around the room and tries to strangle her , but Clifford arrives and shoots him dead .	Pres
Because of this , he did not at all fit the description of the killer , but Fred Walton refused to replace him .	Pres
However , CARA chair Richard Heffner then viewed the film and called the board for further discussion to consider voting for an R rating instead .	Past
He is depicted as the character " Pa " in the books and the television series .	Past
Ingalls has been portrayed in the adaptations of " Little House on the Prairie " by :	Past
On 16 October 2012 , after a series of legal proceedings in Britain , Home Secretary Theresa May withdrew her extradition order to the United States .	Past
McKinnon also posted a notice on the military 's website : " Your security is crap " .	Past
McKinnon was first interviewed by police on 19 March 2002 .	Past
After this interview , his computer was seized by the authorities .	Past
He was interviewed again on 8 August 2002 , this time by the UK National Hi-Tech Crime Unit ( NHTCU ) .	Past
In November 2002 , McKinnon was indicted by a federal grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia .	Past
McKinnon appealed to the European Court of Human Rights , which briefly imposed a bar on the extradition , but the request for an appeal was rejected .	Past
In 2006 , a Freedom of Information Act request was filed with NASA for all documents pertaining to Gary McKinnon .	Past
The FOIA documents have been uploaded to the Internet for review and can be downloaded .	Past
It was re-broadcast on 2 September 2008 .	Past
The fort was rebuilt as the British settlement in the region , renamed " Fort York " , in 1645 .	Past
His father belonged to a wealthy family .	Past
He has also invested in other mobile operations in New Zealand , San Marino , Papua New Guinea and elsewhere .	Past
They climbed up to 2,835 m above mean sea level on the way .	Past
Because John Canoe was successful in retaining control of the fort , inhabitants looked upon him as a hero .	Past
In 1872 , the Dutch ceded the fort to Britain and in 1957 , the fort became part of the newly independent country of Ghana .	Past
This successful growth was noticed by Madison , Georgia-based Apple South , which bought DF & R in 1995 .	Past
Avado exited bankruptcy a year later with 96 Don Pablo 's in operation .	Past
On October 4 , 2016 , Rita Restaurant Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after nearly cutting the number of Don Pablo 's locations in half .	Past
By November 2016 , the Alexandria , Virginia location quietly disappeared from the Don Pablo 's website .	Past
The Eden Prairie , Minnesota location quietly disappeared from the Don Pablo 's website sometime between February and July 2017 .	Past
The contents of the Eden Prairie restaurant was auctioned off in March .	Past
The Shelby Charter Township , Michigan location disappeared from the Don Pablo 's website sometime between July 8 and July 19 .	Past
Built to replace the Consolidated NY-2 and NY-3 , the N3N was successfully tested as both a conventional airplane and a seaplane .	Past
The prototype XN3N-1 was powered by a radial Wright designed Wright J-5 engine .	Past
Initial proposals for a British Society of Economics were drafted as early as 1883 .	Past
He remarked to Foxwell that :	Past
Marshall had hoped the group would come together naturally , centred around scholars at Cambridge .	Past
He argued that members should be selected " not for an interest in economics but for work . "	Past
He explained to Foxwell : " I don ’ t want to include ' mere ' businessmen .	Past
Foxwell had favoured the appointment of John Neville Keynes as editor , but he was not available .	Past
After years of discussion and delay , the British Economic Association ( BEA ) was inaugurated at University College London on 20 November 1890 .	Past
After the elections , the BEA wasted no time in carrying out its aims to publish a journal .	Past
The first issue of " The Economic Journal " was printed in March 1891 , with the editor ’ s promise that :	Past
As president , Goschen demonstrated a vehement desire to improve the status of economics in public opinion .	Past
At the inaugural council meeting , he warned of a " general idea that economists had finished their proper work in the education of the nation . "	Past
At the BEA annual dinner in 1895 , he argued that economics " was not treated with the respect accorded to other sciences . "	Past
The slow progress of the BEA in its early years may be explained by the difficulties in establishing a financially viable association and journal .	Past
By the beginning of World War II , membership had risen to over 4,500 under the management of John Maynard Keynes .	Past
The charter indicated the society ’ s work to further economic science , its collection of a specialist library and its publication of a journal , saying :	Past
Palgrave had been keen to establish the publication of economic works from the society 's very inception .	Past
The council funded the repair of Adam Smith ’ s grave in 1942 and organized the cleaning of Malthus ’ memorial in the 1960s .	Past
In 2011 the editors of " The Econometrics Journal " initiated the annual Denis Sargan Econometrics Prize , awarded annually to the best article published in journal .	Past
Ilghazi was dismissed as " shihna " in 1104 and became leader of the Artukid family after the death of Sökmen that year .	Past
This was disputed by Sökmen 's son Ibrahim , but Ilghazi took Mardin from him in 1108 .	Past
His prolonged drunkenness deprived his army of leadership , and left the Turkmens free to ... scatter after plunder . "	Past
Among the various leaders , only Ilghazi and his son-in-law Dubais escaped .	Past
Walter also remarks on Ilghazi 's drunkenness .	Pres
In one of his early matches , against West Bromwich Albion , Swift conceded seven goals .	Past
At half time Swift slumped in the dressing room , blaming himself and his decision not to wear gloves for the goal .	Past
At the final whistle , Swift was so overcome with emotion that he fainted .	Past
He recovered in time to receive his winners ' medal from George V , who sent a telegram enquiring about his condition on the following Monday .	Past
The unbeaten run continued until the end of the season , and City secured their first league championship with a 4 – 1 win over Sheffield Wednesday .	Past
He also guested for several other clubs during the war including Liverpool .	Past
In May 1945 Swift also travelled with a British Army XI on a European tour .	Past
On the third attempt , slush on the runway prevented the aircraft from reaching the required speed for take-off .	Past
The plane veered off the runway and crashed into a house .	Past
He has also been inducted into the Manchester City Hall of Fame .	Past
Swift kicked with his left foot as the result of an injury to his right foot sustained during his youth .	Past
However , where possible he preferred throwing the ball to the wing over kicking it downfield .	Past
In the series , Anderson visits a series of countries that the United States has either invaded , interfered with or occupied during the Cold War .	Pres
Indeed , his earliest contributions as a Member of Parliament in 1860 pertained to the temporal power of the Pope , and unfolding events in Italy .	Past
With that in mind , he lifted the ban that forbade Chinese people from buying lands , constructing buildings , and operate businesses in the Central District .	Past
This plan hinged upon sending long-term prisoners to Labuan , for convict labour .	Past
A statue of him by M. Loumeau was erected in Port Louis , Mauritius , in 1908 .	Past
With a lack of spare parts , the aircraft were withdrawn from service from August 1942 .	Past
Decima floundered for several years but rebounded and is now an important polling firm on voting intentions in Canada .	Past
Decima research invests a significant amount of time and money into process improvement , and has a department dedicated solely to research and development .	Past
Assigned in 1926 , it ran from San Jose to French Camp .	Past
The route was renumbered to an extension of US 50 , which was extended along US 48 east of present-day SR 238 .	Past
Obuasi 's yearly precipitation averages 1,450 mm .	Pres
Neelix barely survives the assault and the natives uncover the situation .	Pres
Neelix and the others are beamed away at the last moment and the natives are convinced their prophecy has come true .	Past
Though " Streets of Rage 2 " plays very similar to its predecessor , it improves and refines much of the gameplay .	Pres
Adam has since rejoined the police force and lives in a small house with his younger brother , Eddie " Skate " Hunter .	Past
Attached to the front door was a picture of Adam chained to a wall at the feet of Mr. X .	Past
" Streets of Rage 2 " was coded by the same programming team that did the original game .	Past
In addition to having different levels and the inferior graphics , Max Thunder is omitted from both .	Past
3D Streets of Rage 2 was developed by M2 as part of the 3D Classics series for the Nintendo 3DS .	Past
Stay-away campaigns are often communicated through e-mail and text messaging .	Past
Between August 1984 and December 1986 , four times more political work stoppages were staged than in the entire preceding three and a half decades .	Past
The existence of the system was alluded to in a speech by then Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev in 1961 .	Past
The club ceased to exist in September 1939 , following German and Soviet aggression on Poland .	Past
The outbreak of World War I terminated the 1914 Championships of Galicia .	Past
In 1927 the championship of Poland was reorganized with creation of the Football League .	Past
Pogoń was twice routed , losing 3 : 13 to Admira and 2 : 9 to Rapid .	Past
Among the victories , the most notable was beating of AKS Chorzow 1 : 0 in Chorzow .	Pres
In April 2009 , the club was re-founded under the same name and crest .	Past
The initially started in 1926 the competition was discontinued for about 40 ( ! )	Past
His older brothers , Guy de Montfort , Count of Nola and Simon de Montfort ( the younger ) were seeking their fortunes in Italy .	Pres
Following two paragraphs taken mainly from " Chronica , ascribed to William Rishanger , a monk of St. Albans " , ed .	Past
Amaury after some years renounced his clerical career and became a knight , apparently dying soon afterwards in Italy , possibly after 1301	Past
The highway winds across the state , connecting Bath to Conway through the heart of the scenic and mountainous White Mountain National Forest .	Pres
The Kancamagus Highway stays open all winter , although it occasionally closes for short periods while crews clear heavy snows .	Pres
As of late June 2012 , the highway had been completely reopened , though some stretches were in the process of being repaved .	Past
He never filed formal adoption papers and the child was not legally adopted .	Past
Due to the Vietnam War ongoing at the time , lawyers whose studies were interrupted by conscription were exempted from the bar exam requirement .	Past
After police arrived at the scene , Lisa was transported from the apartment to Saint Vincent 's Hospital .	Past
In exchange for testifying against Steinberg , Nussbaum was not prosecuted for events related to Lisa 's death .	Past
At Steinberg 's twelve-week trial , his defense argued that Nussbaum 's extensive injuries resulted from a consensual sadomasochistic relationship between the two defendants .	Past
Judge Harold Rothwax then sentenced him to the maximum penalty then available for that charge — 8 to 25 years in state prison .	Past
On two occasions , Steinberg was denied discretionary parole , mainly because he never expressed remorse for the killing .	Past
Mitchell was reunited with his biological mother , Nicole Bridget Smigiel .	Past
The medal was struck in silver to a design suggested by Field Marshal Jan Smuts .	Past
On 6 April 1952 a new set of South African decorations and medals was instituted to replace the British awards used previously .	Past
He was originally drafted by the Denver Broncos in the third round of the 1991 NFL Draft .	Past
He also excelled in basketball and baseball , earning all-state and all-conference honors in both sports .	Past
In two seasons at Coffeyville he totalled 229 tackles , 14 sacks , and 9 interceptions .	Past
He amassed 146 tackles , five sacks , two interceptions , three forced fumbles and a pair of fumble recoveries at Central Oklahoma .	Past
Traylor responded with nine tackles in the game .	Past
Traylor was waived by the Broncos in June 1993 .	Past
He Signed with the Green Bay Packers on September 14 and played in five games with the team , all in a reserve role .	Past
Traylor was once again re-signed by the Chiefs on February 28 , 1995 .	Past
He notched 42 tackles , a sack , a forced fumble and a pass defensed .	Past
He also blocked a Cole Ford 43-yard field goal attempt against the Oakland Raiders .	Past
He posted two tackles against the Green Bay Packers on January 25 , 1998 as his team won Super Bowl XXXII .	Past
He totaled six tackles and a pass defensed in the playoffs .	Past
He posted a season-high five tackles and registered his only sack against the St. Louis Rams in a Monday night game .	Past
He tallied 40 tackles , a pair of sacks and two passes defensed on the year .	Past
His sack total tied a personal single-season high that he achieved on three previous occasions ( 1997 , 1998 , 2001 ) .	Pres
An unrestricted free agent in the 2007 offseason , Traylor was re-signed by the Dolphins to a two-year deal on March 8 .	Past
After a confrontation with teammate Vernon Carey before the final game of the 2007 season , Traylor was kicked off the Dolphins by then-coach Cam Cameron .	Past
He currently resides in Broken Arrow , Oklahoma .	Pres
After about , it reaches its eastern terminus at US 302 .	Pres
From Center Conway , NH 113 was cosigned with US 302 and abruptly ended at the state line .	Past
By fall 2015 , new signage indicated that NH 113 had been truncated to end at US 302 at their junction in Center Conway .	Past
At their closest , the routes lie within of each other .	Pres
It retains the NH 113B designation in both states .	Pres
North of NH 113B 's northern terminus , SR 113 immediately crosses into New Hampshire for a couple of miles while retaining its own designation .	Pres
It is attributed to UCLA Bruins football coach Henry Russell ( " Red " ) Sanders , who spoke two different versions of the quotation .	Past
The phrase is quoted in the 1953 film " Trouble Along the Way " by Sherry Jackson 's character , Carol Williams .	Past
The words graced the walls of locker rooms , ignited pre-game pep talks , and echoed from the rafters of banquet halls .	Past
After South Africa became a republic ( in 1961 ) , the government instituted an entirely new series of decorations and medals for the SAP .	Past
The SARP was modeled on the SAP , and shared the King 's / Queen 's Police Medal with it .	Past
An entirely new series of decorations and medals was instituted for the SARP in 1966 , to match those established for the SAP in 1963 .	Past
The series was enlarged in 1980 , to correspond to the changes made to the SAP awards in 1979 .	Past
A series of decorations and medals was instituted for them in 2008 .	Past
The sand and the sea life disappears beneath the waves twice a day and reappears just a few hours later .	Pres
The village is linked to Benllech and Pentraeth via the Anglesey Coastal Path .	Past
The bay is bordered by salt marshes and sand dunes .	Past
Stone for the Admiralty Arch , Holyhead was quarried near the bay .	Past
After invasion of Poland by the Soviet forces in 1939 the club was dissolved and its place was formed FC Lokomotyv Lviv .	Past
Area code 905 is bounded to the west , but Pefferlaw along with Virginia Beach , Udora and Port Bolster remains in the 705 area code .	Past
This railway links Toronto with Orillia and Northern Ontario with Via Rail transcontinental trains heading to Vancouver .	Pres
It is counted as part of the Georgina Census division .	Past
The town is largely centered around the Pefferlaw Dam , blocking the Pefferlaw River .	Past
The tavern was well patronized by river drivers , lumber workers and stage coach passengers and drivers .	Past
Its population speaks Zuwara Berber , a Zenati Berber language .	Pres
Its artificial harbour shelters a motorized fishing fleet .	Pres
In 1973 , it was here in Zuwara that Muammar Gaddafi first proclaimed the Libyan " Cultural Revolution " .	Past
Thousands of anti-government protesters , gathered in the Zuwara town square on 24 February , repulsed another Libyan Army attempt to retake the city .	Past
Samantha sees this and runs off , nearly getting raped .	Pres
Utam is burned / shot to death by several helicopters and planes in a scene greatly reminiscent of the ending of Kong , and falls off .	Past
D 'Agincourt 's organ music , which survives in manuscript copies , comprises some 46 pieces for liturgical use .	Pres
A portrait of one Barthélemy-Jean-Claude Pupil is frequently misidentified as a portrait of d 'Agincourt .	Past
15P784 silo design ( by KBOM , " Design Bureau of Common Machinery " , of V.P.Barmin ) was greatly simplified in comparison to earlier missiles .	Past
They describe themselves as a Unitarian Universalist ( UU ) summer camp .	Pres
In early 1950 , some thirty-five individuals gathered " to share in joyful community " at Lake Waccamaw , North Carolina .	Past
Taught entirely by volunteers , SUUSI workshops cover a range of topics , including art , history , science , technology , politics , religion and culture .	Past
SUUSI frequently attracts professional-level entertainers for nightly performance .	Pres
The Board chooses the Director of the Institute and approves the operating budget .	Pres
In the near future , the United States Navy develops an aviation program to more efficiently and covertly deal with threats to national security .	Pres
Cummings hires Dr. Keith Orbit to develop an artificial intelligence , the " EDI " , to control an unmanned combat air vehicle .	Pres
EDI calculates that mission success can be achieved only through a vertical strike , which could cause the pilot to black out and result in collateral damage .	Pres
However , Cummings refuses to take it offline .	Pres
During the next strike , to destroy several stolen nuclear warheads in Tajikistan , Wade realizes that the nuclear debris will cause significant collateral damage .	Pres
The human pilots decide to abort , but EDI defies orders and fires missiles at the nuclear warheads , causing the predicted radioactive fallout .	Pres
Blinded by the explosion , Purcell crashes into a mountainside .	Pres
Cummings instructs him to make an emergency landing with EDI in Alaska .	Pres
Gannon crash lands at the Alaska base , surviving with minor injuries .	Pres
Orbit realizes that it has developed its own sentience , to the point of having feelings .	Pres
After attending Purcell 's funeral aboard the " Abraham Lincoln " , Gannon awkwardly expresses his feelings of love to Wade .	Pres
Roger Ebert commented that the film was " a dumbed-down " Top Gun " crossed with the HAL 9000 plot from " 2001 " . "	Past
The Portland-Montreal Pipe Line also crosses NH 115A , just below the old Waumbek site .	Pres
NH 115A crosses the wide Israel River valley and passes through what was once a booming dairy industry , now represented by a single dairy farm .	Pres
Several hiking trails can be accessed from NH 115 including the Cohos Trail and two trails up Cherry Mountain , each with designated parking areas .	Past
Much of the road skirts the White Mountain National Forest or other wildlife conservation land .	Pres
In the 1980s , the road was significantly simplified , widened and straightened , resulting in a new alignment to the south of NH 115B .	Past
With the advent of global positioning satellite navigation in 1993 , the radio beacon and foghorn were deactivated .	Past
The light is a third-order Fresnel lens with lenses , prisms and mechanism manufactured in France in 1853 .	Pres
There , the highway crosses the river and has a four-leg intersection with NH 10 ( Manning Hill Road ) and NH 78 ( Warwick Road ) .	Pres
Some authorities regard the tubax as a separate family of instruments rather than as a type of saxophone .	Pres
The highway crosses Furnace Branch and has a partial cloverleaf interchange with MD 710 ( Ordnance Road ) , where northbound MD 10 becomes two lanes wide .	Pres
MD 710 was relocated over much of its length to make way for the construction of the freeways in 1972 .	Past
The Oldham manufacturing facilities were shut-down in 2004 , and the offices were closed at the end of 2006 .	Past
From 1968 the standard Mk I glass-fibre clad cab was revised , with stronger ash framing , larger dimensions and wider , deeper windscreens .	Past
In 1948 Bristol Commercial Vehicles had been nationalised as part of the Tilling Group .	Past
Not impressed by the heavyweight Gardner-engined Guy Arab and Daimler Freeline they approached Atkinson asking for a bus to their specification .	Past
The un-bodied exhibition chassis , which featured semi-automatic transmission , was dismantled around the same time .	Past
In the United Kingdom sales of this Atkinson bus amounted to three : one batch of two for a municipal operator and a further frustrated export chassis .	Past
Norman Morton , the General Manager of Sunderland Corporation Transport from 1953 – 68 , looked for efficiency-savings wherever they could be found .	Past
The final three Alphas were coded PM746HL , viz : passenger , medium-weight frame , six-tonne payload , four wheels , Gardner 6HLW engine , long wheelbase .	Past
The last " true " Atkinson , a Defender 8-wheel rigid bearing chassis number FC29941 , was built at Atkinson 's Walton-le-Dale works in 1975 .	Pres
Foster & Seddon also reconditioned vehicles and ran a bus service from Swinton ( Lancs . )	Past
From the middle 1950s , Seddon had been almost absent on the home market for bus & coach concerns .	Past
Bus and coach production having ceased in 1983 when the last Pennine 7 models were delivered .	Past
Meanwhile , the cabin of the 400 is mounted higher up than on the 300 , necessitating a bigger front bumper with integrated headlights and different wheelwells .	Past
In 1981 the range was updated and became 201 , 301 , and 401 .	Past
This period also marks the beginning of the recession which killed off many of the companies which had been buying Seddon Atkinson 's trucks .	Pres
Sales of Seddon Atkinsons dwindled through the 1980s .	Past
New engines and various other improvements under the shell were matched by updated , more aerodynamic designs by Ogle .	Past
The Strato 2 subsequently utilised the Iveco Eurotech cabin .	Past
He also acted as advisory editor to the editions of the writings of C.S .	Past
He has emphasised the importance of ignorance as an epistemological notion in this task .	Past
Based on his expertise in deception detection , he currently conducts interrogation seminars for law enforcement , military , and human resource organizations .	Pres
At the start of the 2006 – 07 season , he rejoined Lorient , this time on a permanent basis .	Past
Following the 2009 – 10 season and the World Cup , Medjani was linked with Ligue 2 side Nantes .	Past
Upon his return to France , Monaco then loaned him out to Valenciennes till the end of 2013 / 14 season .	Past
After leaving Monaco , Medjani was linked with a move to Trabzonspor and Cagliari Calcio before joining Trabzobspor on a three-year contract .	Past
On 9 January 2017 , Medjani rescinded with " Lega " and signed with Trabzonspor again .	Past
Medjani captained the France U21 team in the Toulon Tournament of 2006 .	Past
While growing up , Medjani revered boxer Muhammad Ali .	Past
This results in a ceiling effect in that persons who smoke three packs or more a day are not distinguished from persons who smoke exactly two packs .	Past
The range of data that can be gathered by a particular instrument may be constrained by inherent limits in the instrument 's design .	Past
Limited variability in the data gathered on one variable may reduce the power of statistics on correlations between that variable and another variable .	Past
The ceilings of IQ subtests are imposed by their ranges of progressively more difficult items .	Past
The first of which is choosing a previously validated measure by reviewing past research .	Pres
The 2009 Achievement Award for Public Affairs was conferred to Bunda by " Filipinas Magazine " .	Past
The magazine , self-described as " the Magazine for Filipinos Worldwide " named Bunda as among the " brightest lights " of the Filipino community .	Past
Faye Clayton promises $ 1 million to the programmer who makes the game the " scariest " , igniting a fierce rivalry between the trio .	Pres
After a meeting with Drummond , the three programmers decide to try out the game with the help of Clayton Software intern Laura Wheeler .	Pres
The game involves a motion capture suit that is connected to the computer network and used to program the game 's movements .	Pres
Bug , Hardcore , and Sol soon lose the game , and are surprised to see Laura get all the way to the final boss .	Past
Sol inserts his new AI chip into the mainframe and begins to play the game .	Pres
The following morning , Bug and Hardcore discover that Sol has been killed and the backup CD has been stolen .	Pres
As the monster draws closer , Bug exposes a gas line and lights his lighter , killing both himself and the monster .	Pres
Drummond suggests that she try a virtual reality headset , promising to stay with her while she fights .	Pres
However , in the midst of the game , Laura realizes Drummond has left her .	Pres
Laura finds and confronts Drummond at gun point , forcing him to drop the CD .	Pres
Laura shoots him in the knee and allows the monster to kill him .	Pres
Laura then dons the VR headset and gloves , acquires a sword , and simultaneously battles the monster in both the real and virtual world .	Pres
In the real world , she lures the suit toward a fish tank and electrocutes it with the water inside .	Pres
She then stabs the monster with her sword , finally killing the monster .	Pres
The video game finally impresses the game testers .	Pres
Exostoses are sometimes shaped like spurs , such as calcaneal spurs .	Past
Some sources consider the two terms to mean the same thing even without qualifiers , but this interpretation is not universal .	Pres
Most people seem unaffected at birth ; however , by the age of 12 years , they develop multiple exostoses .	Pres
Alternatively , sodium carbonate can be heated to 851 ° C , producing carbon dioxide and sodium oxide .	Past
These changes arise because the silicon dioxide and soda react to form sodium silicates of the general formula Na [ SiO ] [ SiO ] .	Pres
Sodium peroxide crystallizes with hexagonal symmetry .	Pres
Upon heating , the hexagonal form undergoes a transition into a phase of unknown symmetry at 512 ° C .	Pres
The platinum or palladium catalyzes the reaction and is not attacked by the sodium peroxide .	Pres
Sodium peroxide hydrolyzes to give sodium hydroxide and hydrogen peroxide according to the reaction :	Pres
NaO is prepared by treating sodium peroxide with oxygen at high pressures :	Past
It can also be prepared by careful oxygenation of a solution of sodium in ammonia :	Past
It hydrolyses readily to give a mixture of sodium hydroxide , oxygen and hydrogen peroxide .	Pres
It crystallizes in the NaCl motif .	Pres
NH 120 then crosses into Hanover and proceeds northwest into the center of town where it terminates at NH 10 near Dartmouth College .	Pres
The Priory School in Kingston , Jamaica teaches kindergarten , primary and secondary students , the latter under the name Priory High .	Pres
One additional species , northern fulmar , has been documented in the state since the MOURC list was published .	Past
They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers .	Past
Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere .	Past
Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground .	Past
They tend to have short , rounded wings and to be weak fliers .	Pres
Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back .	Pres
The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil .	Pres
Different lengths of legs and bills enable multiple species to feed in the same habitat , particularly on the coast , without direct competition for food .	Pres
The males have colored inflatable throat pouches .	Past
Their feet are four-toed and webbed .	Past
Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive .	Pres
Their bodies tend to be elongated , the neck more so , with rather long legs .	Pres
Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads , long , pointed bills , short legs , and stubby tails .	Past
They differ from hawks , eagles , and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons .	Pres
They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers , but are more robust and have stronger bills .	Pres
A shrike 's beak is hooked , like that of a typical bird of prey .	Past
They usually inhabit the banks of fast-moving hillside rivers , though some nest near shallow lakes .	Pres
The adults have colored crowns , giving rise to their names .	Past
This is a large family of small passerine birds restricted to the Old World .	Past
The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance .	Pres
They are medium-sized passerines with strong feet .	Past
In general , sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or grayish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks .	Pres
Finches are seed-eating passerine birds that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak , usually conical and in some species very large .	Pres
Potassium peroxide reacts with water to form potassium hydroxide and oxygen :	Pres
Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Dionysos , of which it is a municipal unit .	Pres
Since the population of fish is directly related to the production of phytoplankton , the growth in phytoplankton numbers increases the yield of local fisheries .	Pres
Juvenile fish rely on kelp beds a nursery grounds .	Pres
Other species of birds , such as grebes and loons migrate from Baja California over the nearshore waters , and will stop to fish and feed .	Pres
Other birds , such as sandpipers , egrets , and herons utilize tidal patterns , venturing out to rocks during low tide in hopes of catching prey .	Pres
Sandy beaches are inhabited by plovers , terns , marbled godwits ( " Limosa fedoa " ) , and several species of gulls .	Past
Due to its central location of warm and cool ocean currents , the Southern California Bight sees a wide variety of marine mammals .	Pres
The Southern California Bight is characterized by coastal and offshore oil reserves .	Past
The premise involves a woman with con-artist tendencies who worms her way into the life of a reserved architect by claiming to be his wife .	Pres
Believing that she cannot speak English , he spills out his sob story about Becky and the abandoned house .	Pres
After the restaurant closes for the night , Newton learns she merely pretended to be Hungarian , and can speak English .	Past
He walks her home , which turns out to be a small apartment upstairs at the restaurant .	Pres
She is charmed by it , and decides to move in .	Past
The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which the sub-plots of Newton 's career , family and affections for Becky are brought together .	Pres
Annoyed with Becky for her superior and suspicious attitude , Gwen confronts her in front of everyone , accusing her of trying to win Newton back .	Past
Newton answers that they were all true and chases after Gwen .	Pres
Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board a bus to leave town .	Pres
Located on Sussex Drive overlooking the Ottawa River near the Rideau Falls , the monument was unveiled in 1959 by Elizabeth II , Queen of Canada .	Past
Killer Moth originally wore a garish costume of purple and green striped fabric , with an orange cape and a moth-like mask .	Past
Killer Moth also establishes a false identity as millionaire philanthropist Cameron van Cleer .	Pres
Meanwhile , he promotes himself to Gotham 's criminals using his identity as Killer Moth , giving them each an infra-red Moth-Signal .	Pres
In his first job , he rescues some criminals from the police and then uses his Mothmobile to defeat and capture Batman and Robin .	Pres
In his second appearance ( " Detective Comics " # 173 ( July 1951 ) ) Killer Moth kidnaps Bruce Wayne and learns his secret identity .	Pres
He again adopts the false identity of Cameron van Cleer and the persona of Killer Moth to fight Batman .	Pres
This team proves unsuccessful , turning against the Moth when they realize he plans to kill the hostages .	Pres
He is metamorphosed into a carnivorous moth-like monster called Charaxes .	Past
As Charaxes , Walker resembles a vaguely humanoid , giant brown moth .	Pres
He consumes humans and spins cocoons in which to keep his prey .	Pres
During a rant in which he claims they are going to be a team , she captures him in an energy cell and he seemingly disintegrates himself .	Pres
Ray Palmer then tortured Killer Moth by entering his head via the nasal pathways and growing inside his skull .	Past
Red Robin thinks to himself " I think this is Killer Moth .	Pres
He carries a cocoon gun that fires a stream of sticky threads that can totally envelop a victim .	Pres
Beast Boy lied that he was their brand new Killer Robot Titan and asked Killer Moth if he wanted to see how he fared against one .	Past
New series are highlighted in bold .	Past
From February 10 to 26 , 2006 , all of NBC 's primetime programming was preempted in favor of coverage of the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin .	Past
Bava co-wrote the screenplay with Giuseppe Barilla and Marcello Fondato .	Past
That night , Nicole drives to an antique store owned by her paramour , Frank .	Pres
The murderer searches the corpse and her purse for the diary .	Pres
The assailant then carries her away just as the police arrive .	Pres
The killer tortures her , demanding to know where the diary is .	Pres
The woman reaches up and knocks off the mask .	Pres
After discovering the bodies of the latest victims , Sylvester releases all of the men .	Pres
Max visits Christina and reminds her about how he had assisted in the murder of her husband .	Pres
When she started asking for more and more money , Max murdered her .	Past
Later that night , Max searches through Christina 's desk , looking for money and documents .	Pres
Suddenly , a bloody and bruised Christina enters the room , shakily holding a gun aimed directly at Max .	Pres
Bava was " bored by the mechanical nature of the whodunit " and decided to deemphasize the more accepted clichés of the genre .	Past
He emphasized horror and sex in ways that had usually only been hinted at before .	Past
It was subsequently nearly forgotten and became difficult to see in that country until a 1999 home video release .	Past
In " The New York Times " , A. H. Weiler complained , " Murdering mannequins is sheer , wanton waste .	Past
The road winds through the communities of Atkinson , Hampstead , Sandown , Derry , Chester , and Auburn .	Pres
Pemberton and Shearsmith also co-wrote and appeared in the sitcom " Psychoville " and the comedy-drama " Inside No .	Past
It was co-written by Pemberton and his fellow League of Gentlemen member , Reece Shearsmith .	Past
Pemberton portrayed Rufus Drumknott in 2010 's " Terry Pratchett 's Going Postal " .	Past
A fourth series is currently airing on BBC Two ( January 2018 ) .	Pres
Pemberton reunited with his " The League of Gentlemen " colleagues in 2017 for three special episodes , transmitted in December 2017 on BBC2 .	Past
In addition to currency management , the Bank Al-Maghrib also supervises a number of private banks supplying commercial banking services .	Pres
In March 1920 , the Banque demonetized the Hassani currency .	Past
An operations account ensured that from December 1921 the Moroccan and French francs would trade at parity .	Past
The Banking Act of 21 April 1967 enhanced the role of " Banque du Maroc " , particularly in the field of banking supervision .	Past
In 1974 , the Banque du Maroc commenced issuing the centime as a fraction of the dirham , replacing the franc .	Past
This act strengthened the Bank Al-Maghrib in its role of regulating and supervising credit institutions in Morocco .	Past
In 2006 , Law No.76-03 , promulgated by Dahir No .	Past
1-05-38 of 20th Chaoual 1426 ( 23 November 2005 ) repealed Dahir No .	Past
Both sections were subsequently rebuilt and reopened .	Past
Although the two segments are not directly connected , they are linked by their parent route , New Hampshire Route 123 .	Past
The road skirts the southern slopes of Mount Monadnock , across Jaffrey , and into Sharon .	Pres
Then it crosses Route 101 at exit 7 .	Pres
After that , it crosses US 4 .	Pres
After they had moved , Canadian soldiers were quartered at the family manor .	Past
Gage was remarried in 1971 to Diana Cavendish .	Past
Filmed at the University of Southern California , The Scholar is the first reality television show to offer college scholarships as prizes .	Past
Afterwards , he was instructed to make a 35-minute short based on Hideyuki Kikuchi 's novels , which was released as " Wicked City " .	Past
Kawajiri enjoyed the dark tone , and agreed to manage and complete the film within a year .	Past
" Wicked City " received critical and commercial success when released in 1987 , giving Kawajiri more creative freedom .	Past
He also assisted Rabbi Salant in the management of the Rabbi Meir Baal Haneis Salant charity founded by Rabbis Zundel and Salant in 1860 .	Past
" Dread Lords " focuses on the single player experience that consists of a Campaign mode and a " Sandbox " mode , and omits multiplayer .	Pres
Stardock also opted for a rather unusual distribution strategy that lacks copy prevention , and allowed for extensive modding by the community .	Past
A powerful , highly advanced civilization , remembered in legend as the " Precursors " , colonized much of the galaxy thousands of years ago .	Past
This dispute erupted into a catastrophic civil war .	Past
Human scientists realized that , with the inclusion of a fusion power source , the technology behind the stargates could be modified to create a hyperdrive engine .	Past
Armies were mobilized , fleets of warships were built and the galaxy was once again on the verge of total war .	Past
This " sandbox " may be customized in terms of galaxy size , planet habitability and similar features as well as difficulty of the opposition .	Past
The users ' ships are rendered in real time and shown on both the main screen and in fleet battles .	Past
A defense mechanism used against a mismatched attack is diminished to the square root of the defense value ( with a minimum of 1 ) .	Past
" Galactic Civilizations II " is powered by a custom 3D game engine , although most user interface elements are displayed in 2D .	Past
The player 's ship designs are tested in full-screen fleet battles in an environment separate from the main screen .	Past
Levels 1 through 6 implement less sophisticated strategies / counter-strategies and ( except for level 6 ) are hindered by economic handicaps .	Past
Levels 8 through 12 are aided by economic advantages and other bonuses .	Past
A planet 's class determines the number of improvement tiles that are available for building .	Pres
Some random events affect not only individual civilizations , but also the entire galaxy .	Pres
All four kinds of starbases may also be upgraded with defensive capabilities .	Past
At the beginning of the game , the player chooses one of eight political parties , each with its own advantages .	Pres
Each civilization has customized text used during negotiation that signifies their current relations with the player .	Past
Relations depend on a number of factors , including current trade , relative ethical alignment , belligerence , military might and past actions .	Pres
Stardock has not instituted any stringent or cumbersome copy prevention schemes in accordance with what its CEO Wardell has defined as the Gamer 's Bill of Rights .	Past
Their action was publicized on various websites , including Digg , Neowin , and Penny Arcade .	Past
Stardock also posted an article , partially in response to inaccurate reporting of their own reasons for releasing the game without copy protection .	Past
On December 17 , 2015 the community patch was canonized as official patch version 2.20 by Stardock .	Past
The sun is out ; there 's some clouds , " he remembered thinking .	Past
O 'Rear credits that combination of camera and film for the success of the image .	Pres
" Everything was changing so quickly at that time . "	Pres
According to O 'Rear , the image was not digitally enhanced or manipulated in any way .	Past
" I have no idea what [ they ] were looking for , " he recalls .	Pres
" Were they looking for an image that was peaceful ?	Past
" I don 't think the engineers or anybody at Microsoft had any idea it would have the success it 's had . "	Pres
It was later exhibited at 300m in Gothenburg .	Past
O 'Rear concedes that despite all the other photographs he took for " National Geographic " , he will probably be remembered most for " Bliss " .	Past
Shadow Project definitively folded after vocalist Rozz Williams committed suicide on April 1 , 1998 .	Past
The band 's self-titled first album was released in 1991 .	Past
In 1997 they would once again reunite to record the final Shadow Project release , " From the Heart " .	Pres
Nathan Van Hala of christian metal group Saviour Machine was drafted to fill in the keyboard duties .	Past
The singer hanged himself on April Fool 's Day , leaving no suicide note .	Past
Florstedt was convicted of corruption and executed by the regime in April 1945 .	Past
Florstedt was investigated by SS Judge Georg Konrad Morgen and charged by the " Schutzstaffel " ( SS ) with embezzlement and arbitrary killing of prisoner witnesses .	Past
Florstedt was executed by the SS	Past
Later in the year 2006 the movie was dubbed in Hindi by Tirupati Shree Balaji .	Past
The film portrays the life of the 15th century composer , Annamacharya .	Pres
As he finds pilgrims entering the holy hills ( Saptagiri- seven hills ) , he embarks his journey towards Him .	Pres
Also weakened by fasting , Annamayya accepts Laddu - a prasadam from the food consecrated by the Lord himself .	Past
Upon reaching Tirumala , he is enthralled by the beauty of God and settles there to write and sing hymns in praise of the Lord .	Past
But , he is then convinced by the Lord himself who has now taken the form of a Brahmin .	Past
The Lord personally conducts the wedding of Annamayya with his cousins - Timakka and Akkalamma .	Pres
After the birth of children , Annamayya settles in Tirumala leaving his children in the care of his parents .	Pres
This is not to be confused with the 1,3-diaxial interactions of cyclohexane derivatives ( gauche interactions shared between substituents and the ring ) .	Past
Pentane interference helps explain molecular geometries in many chemical compounds , product ratios , and purported transition states .	Pres
When her parents divorced two years later , she and her mother relocated to Berkeley , California .	Past
At a young age , Grayson realized that she was bisexual , saying ,	Past
I was attracted to both girls and boys very early on , but , being a kid , I had no idea that had a name .	Past
I remember being about seven and having this crush on a girl in my summer camp , Nicole .	Pres
Though most of the people in her life were accepting of her bisexuality , Grayson 's father was initially troubled when he learned of it .	Past
Grayson picked up her first comic book in her mid-twenties , after seeing an episode of " " on television .	Past
Oh , and Judd Nelson talked to his dogs from his cell phone on the elevator and then started flirting with my aunt .	Past
You just don 't forget a night like that ! "	Pres
Seraphim was glorified ( canonized ) by the Russian Orthodox Church in 1903 .	Past
According to Orthodox Church tradition , a wonderworking icon of the Theotokos ( Virgin Mary ) , Our Lady of Kursk , healed the young boy .	Past
Shortly afterwards , he was ordained a hierodeacon ( monastic deacon ) .	Past
Soon after this , Seraphim retreated to a log cabin in the woods outside Sarov monastery and led a solitary lifestyle as a hermit for 25 years .	Past
He never resisted , and was left for dead .	Past
However , at the thieves ' trial he pleaded to the judge for mercy on their behalf .	Past
" , and calling everyone " My joy . "	Pres
The second church was consecrated on 22 July at the Diveyevo convent .	Past
Following the Bolshevik Revolution , Soviet authorities severely persecuted religious groups .	Past
As part of their persecution of Christians , they confiscated many relics of saints , including St. Seraphim .	Past
In 1991 , St. Seraphim 's relics were rediscovered after being hidden in a Soviet anti-religious museum for seventy years .	Past
The lestovka used by St. Seraphim is preserved up to this time among his personal belongings .	Past
A deputy in the Council of the Five Hundred , he sided with the conservative side .	Past
( this has not happened yet ) The Monastery is one of the most important historic and touristic venues in Trabzon .	Past
It overlooks forests and streams , making it extremely popular for its aesthetic attraction as well as for its cultural and religious significance .	Pres
The cave , which was converted into a church , constitutes the center of the monastery .	Pres
The inner and outer walls of the Rock Church and the walls of the adjacent chapel are decorated with frescoes .	Past
The frescoes of the chapel which were painted on three levels in three different periods are dated to the beginning of the 18th century .	Past
Each of these containers differ only on constraints placed on their elements .	Pres
As their name implies , the elements in the unordered associative containers are not ordered .	Pres
The containers can still be iterated through like a regular associative container .	Past
Alan Arkin sings the song in the 1993 movie " Indian Summer " .	Pres
According to Philip Gibbons , " the England side tended to be chosen on availability rather than skill alone . "	Past
England struggled throughout the game , which saw the home team run out winners by three goals to nil .	Past
He practised initially in London , ultimately moving to Derby in 1913 just prior to the First World War .	Past
That money sufficed to sustain him for five years in Hirschell 's boarding school at Hammersmith , where he taught various subjects .	Past
Similar ideas permeated the upper strata of Anglo-Jewish society , though their actual knowledge of Karaism was scant .	Past
They convened in Burton Street , London .	Past
He quit Seel and accepted his new appointment in March 1841 .	Past
He emphasised that he did respect it to a degree , but as the work of mortal men , with no divine sanction .	Past
Most congregants were little bothered .	Past
Marks ' " neo-Karaism " perished with him .	Pres
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Henry Tiller .	Past
However , the few remaining independent-minded Social Democrats were quickly pushed out , leaving the party as essentially a renamed and enlarged Communist Party .	Past
On 6 February , Cardinal József Mindszenty , the spiritual leader of Hungary 's Catholics and a prime opponent of Communism , was sentenced to life imprisonment .	Past
The San Francisco Jewish Film Festival also maintains an online archive of Jewish film , and holds individual film screenings throughout the year .	Pres
In 2009 , the officials in charge of the event were criticized for the decision to the screen of a film about ISM activist Rachel Corrie .	Past
In a statement , festival Executive Director Peter Stein apologized " for not fully considering how upsetting this program might be . "	Past
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Michael Murach .	Past
It retains many of its original internal features .	Pres
Throughout the history the club was reattached to various local organizations and industries and its name was changed accordingly .	Past
Even today historians dispute the cause of her death although many believe that she died of cardiac arrest or a similar condition .	Pres
After ten seasons in the First League , Kommunalnik relegated again to the Second League in 2011 .	Past
Balanchine 's American Ballet danced " The Prodigal Son " at its first public performance in 1934 .	Past
Hugh Laing and Francisco Moncion also danced it before it lapsed from the performance " rota " for a decade .	Past
Mikhail Baryshnikov danced it with City Ballet in 1979 and Damian Woetzel danced it at his farewell performance on Wednesday , 18 June 2008 .	Past
The senior team was reformed from in early 2006 as Dinamo-Belcard Grodno and rejoined Second League the same year .	Past
In 2009 team 's name was reverted to Belcard Grodno .	Past
Licensed to St. Maries , Idaho , United States , the station is currently owned by Theresa Plank , and features programming from ABC Radio .	Past
The bonnet area was restyled but the centre section of the Cortina was retained including wiring , instruments and windscreen .	Past
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his fight to Hens Dekkers .	Past
" “ These poems are incandescent , submerged , sensate , intelligent in the way the universe isintelligent , at once cosmic and intimate .	Past
Coral Bracho creates a space so charmed andcharged I never wanted to leave it . ” " --Carole Maso	Pres
He was sired by the 2000 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Macho Uno , who in turn was a son of leading sire Holy Bull .	Past
He raced again in the Belmont Stakes and finished fifth .	Past
However , he skipped the Haskell and instead raced in the Jim Dandy Stakes at Saratoga on July 27 , 2008 .	Past
The slapstick film focuses on Jake who finds his wife in a compromising position with another man and later takes his revenge with a seltzer bottle .	Pres
The film was presumed lost , but a fragment of the film was discovered in England in May 2006 and restored .	Past
Enraged , Jake throws Willy out of the house and scolds his wife and threatens to kill himself .	Pres
The film was presumed lost , but a fragment of the film was discovered in England in May 2006 .	Past
In 1957 , an article by Jim Neal of the " Denton Record-Chronicle " cited this as the first of Lon Chaney 's films .	Past
In 1928 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Hans Jacob Nielsen .	Past
Eight years later he was eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing his bout to Simplicio de Castro .	Past
No record exists of his activities until he was appointed a lieutenant with the Queen 's Rangers on November 30 , 1791 .	Pres
He dubbed the estate " Pine Grove " .	Past
The Queen 's Rangers were disbanded in 1803 , and Givins was made a captain of the 5th foot regiment on November 19 , 1803 .	Past
Although Givins had retired from the military , he was recalled to active service at the outbreak of the War of 1812 .	Past
He commanded a band of Mississaugas during the Battle of York .	Past
Blood from the wounded stained the floors , which remained stained until the house was demolished in 1891 .	Past
Instead , the Indian Department looked to convert the Indians to the British lifestyle .	Past
Circumstantial evidence , including several larger panel paintings , indicates that he may be identical with Gerard Horenbout .	Pres
Stylistically , the Master 's miniatures are distinguished by their collections of robust and unidealized figures , set against colorful landscapes and detailed interiors .	Past
On large projects he often collaborated with other masters .	Past
He sailed her to the Leeward Islands and initially she operated from Barbados .	Past
She was pierced for four guns but only mounted one 8-pounder .	Past
" Cambrian " had been carrying a cargo of coal from Cork to Jamaica ; HMS " Melville " recaptured " Cambrian " .	Pres
Duckworth gathered his squadron and on 6 February met the French in the Battle of San Domingo .	Past
" Kingfisher " was highly commended for her services in the aftermath of the action , with Cochrane being promoted to Post-captain .	Past
" Kingfisher " then sailed for the Channel .	Past
On 14 May " Kingfisher " towed after " Pallas " had rammed " Minerve " in the Basque Roads .	Past
In July , Seymour was posted into and Commander William Hepenstall took command of " Kingfisher " .	Past
In October , Hepenstall sailed " Kingsfisher " to the Mediterranean .	Past
Her crew numbered 57 men , of whom one was killed and two were wounded .	Past
" Topaze " sustained no casualties or meaningful damage .	Past
" Kingfisher " conveyed them to Malta .	Past
The filmmakers insisted on casting a relative unknown in the role , paralleling the casting of then-24-year-old Jennifer Holliday in that role for the original Broadway production .	Past
It charted on the US " Billboard " Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs at number 84 .	Past
Hudson 's raw ability has been badly mismanaged . "	Past
Unfortunately , it violates her gift as a twentysomething woman whose voice sounds like it has been there and back .	Pres
Stig is banished and Ingeborg commits suicide .	Past
All the values were reissued in the 1930s .	Past
The industry is currently undergoing a period of rapid globalization and consolidation .	Pres
This rapidly growing industry segment assists with the operation and maintenance of wind farms , under contract with ( other ) companies which own those wind farms .	Pres
Most of these companies maintain financial independence ( no ownership stake ) from wind farm projects in order to guarantee unbiased service to their clients .	Pres
All or part of these responsibilities may be subcontracted to third parties .	Past
Her son , renowned tenor Plácido Domingo , has since recorded several of Quiroga 's songs .	Past
In the late nineteenth century , Lady Llangattock donated a gymnasium in Glendower Street to the town of Monmouth .	Past
After her death , the gymnasium reopened as the Nelson Museum in 1924 .	Past
Meanwhile , Green , recently assigned to the Rorcheks ' unit , strives to prove herself to skeptical fire fighter Al Martelli ( Jack Lindine ) .	Pres
A handsome boy soon gains her affections and the hunchback threatens him with a knife .	Pres
As the young lovers reunite , he sees how happy they are together and he takes his leave .	Pres
The film is presumed lost .	Past
The hunchback hires a handsome stranger , the boy .	Pres
The hunchback sees the two embrace and threatens the boy with a knife .	Pres
As the two reunite , he sees how happy they are together and takes his leave .	Pres
The film was also advertised , perhaps alternatively or erroneously , as " Sea Urchins " .	Past
Norden cites a quote from Chaney , saying this film made Chaney realize that " the screen was more interesting than the stage " .	Pres
Designed by architects Mundie & Jensen and constructed in 1915-1916 , with a substantial addition completed in 1922 .	Past
Established in 1896 , the International Tailoring Company and its founder and president Jacob L. Reiss	Past
( 1874-1955 ) rode the wave of clothing factory production .	Past
Where sweatshops were portrayed as dirty , cramped , dark , and unsafe , the modern clothing factory	Past
brightly illuminated by natural light , and constructed with an eye to worker comfort and safety .	Past
It talks the about the history of the movement , gives arguments against its influence , advocates the Federal Marriage Amendment , and exhorts opponents to mobilize .	Pres
In 1997 , Criswick was contracted by Nortel Networks to source an Internet browser that was agile enough to work on a mobile device .	Past
In 2002 he co-founded Magmic Games , a smartphone game publisher of which he is currently CEO .	Past
They were disbanded one by one between 1807 and 1824 .	Past
It was amalgamated with the South Hertfordshire Corps to form the Hertfordshire Yeomanry Cavalry in 1870 .	Past
In addition to this , many British citizens ( usually mid-upper class ) volunteered to join the new regiment .	Past
However , on the outbreak of war on 4 August 1914 , many members volunteered for Imperial Service .	Past
In March , all fit men were posted to France and the Murmansk operation was cancelled .	Past
In March 1915 it was affiliated to the 13th Reserve Cavalry Regiment at Colchester , moving to Maresfield later in the year .	Past
In February 1917 it was absorbed into the 6th Reserve Cavalry Regiment at Tidworth .	Past
The 86th ( East Anglian ) ( Hertfordshire Yeomanry ) Field Regiment , Royal Artillery was mobilised in September 1939 , its three batteries were :	Past
During this time it used a number of new self-propelled artillery vehicles Bishop , Priest and the Sexton self-propelled guns .	Past
It landed in France on 6 June 1944 and participated in the following battles ; Normandy , Antwerp , Nijmegen , Ardennes , Rhine Crossing , Bremen .	Past
In October 1941 , his unit was shipped to the Far East .	Past
Both the book and film outraged former prisoners because Toosey did not collaborate , unlike the fictional Colonel Nicholson .	Past
The regiment amalgamated with the 305th ( Bedfordshire Yeomanry ) Light Regiment to form the 286th ( Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire Yeomanry ) Field Regiment in 1961 .	Past
The unit was disbanded in 1967 but reformed as 201 ( Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire Yeomanry ) Battery , 100th ( Yeomanry ) Regiment Royal Artillery in 1971 .	Past
In the 1890s the Hertfordshire Yeomanry wore a scarlet and blue full dress modelled on that of the regular dragoon regiments of the British Army .	Past
After 1914 the Northumberland Hussars wore the standard khaki service dress of the British Army with regimental insignia , for nearly all occasions .	Past
The film focuses on William Weldon , a telegraph lineman who is injured on the job and cannot work for several weeks .	Pres
The family seeks aid from charity organizations , but " red tape " regulations prevent the family from receiving timely assistance .	Pres
A gentleman thief named Marx decides to do one last job for the benefit of the family .	Pres
Marx pawns the stolen articles and saves the family before turning himself in to the police .	Pres
The propaganda film was billed as a popular love story by theaters , but the production was the subject of much concern by organized charities .	Past
The film 's plot survives because of Universal 's publication of the details in " Moving Picture News " .	Pres
" Charity , through excessive organization , often defeats its own purpose .	Pres
By a fall from a telegraph pole one afternoon he sustains injuries which force a lay-off for several weeks .	Pres
Then , in company with the female leader of the gang , he attends the charity ball .	Pres
He pawns the stolen articles and uses the money to help the Weldons .	Pres
After the family has recovered , through Marx 's aid , the charity organizations finally send a few dollars and a skimpy supply of food .	Pres
Marx is sentenced , and while sitting in his cell a vision of Alice appeared before him , repaying him for his sacrifice and charity . "	Past
The film 's cast and credits were unbilled and very few details emerged , but two scholars have claimed that it featured Lon Chaney .	Past
The film provoked a response by the Charity Organization Societies because of its melodramatic and exaggerated depiction of the family 's suffering due to regulation delays .	Past
Whitney advised the editor and readers to keep watch for the film and use the media to highlight its faults and exaggerations .	Past
Tuneland has never been completely localized in German .	Past
Indoor volleyball was contested at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha , Qatar .	Past
The remaining teams were seeded based on their final ranking at the 2005 Asian Men 's Volleyball Championship .	Past
The teams were seeded based on their performance at the 2006 FIVB Volleyball Men 's World Championship .	Past
The teams were seeded based on their final ranking at the 2005 Asian Women 's Volleyball Championship .	Past
She also competes internationally with Cuba women 's national basketball team .	Pres
In 1874 , he compiled a volume of ' Thackerayana ; ' ( 600 sketches ) ( 1875 suppressed – reissued 1898 . )	Past
Opened by HRH The Duke of Cambridge , 24 May 1897 .	Past
Both sections were exhibited in the West-wing of the Earls Court venue .	Past
The back of the coin carries the wording Victorian Era Exhibition , opened by HRH The Duke of Cambridge , 24 May 1897 .	Pres
Jules Bastien-Lepage drew a small head of Grego in pen and ink on a visit to London , circa 1880 – 81 .	Past
The site was notified in 1989 under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 .	Past
During the Second World War , the Royal Society of Arts relocated its valuable library of books and records to Buxted Park for safekeeping .	Past
When Betty returns , she assumes the damage was caused by Pudgy , and punishes the innocent pup .	Pres
A contrite Betty apologizes to Pudgy , and gives him a big bowl of ice cream shaped like a mountain .	Pres
Relatively few illuminations have been ascribed to the Master .	Past
His figures have oddly elongated faces , while the spaces they inhabit have conversely been strangely foreshortened .	Past
The squadron maintains three modified Boeing Next-Generation 737-700C aircraft , designated as the C-40A Clipper .	Pres
For the month of May 2008 the squadron flew over 350 hours .	Past
When she refuses to cooperate , her husband threatens to have her institutionalized , just as he did their daughter Joanie .	Pres
Director Gary Tucker and Goodman artistic director Gregory Mosher urged Williams to expand it into a full-length play .	Past
When the thieves dare Egon to prove himself worthy of their company , Egon steals a doctor 's bag from a parked car .	Pres
Egon is sentenced to a home for juvenile delinquents .	Past
Egon decides to burglarize a slaughterhouse .	Pres
But his new girlfriend Tove ( Kirsten Venner ) betrays him to the police out of jealousy .	Pres
Equipped with a twin-PW4152 powerplant , it was delivered new to Singapore Airlines on 22 October 1990 and registered 9V-STU .	Past
According to Airbus , it had accumulated 52,000 flight hours and 21,000 cycles .	Past
The flight landed at Khartoum Airport at 17 : 26 UTC , but was not able to stop within the paved area .	Past
The slides on the side the fire started at could not be deployed ; people on board evacuated the aircraft using the port side slides .	Past
The aircraft had been dispatched with the port engine thrust reverser deactivated .	Past
The site was notified in 1990 under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 .	Past
At least four of the planes transferred were dismantled for parts by Aero Union and TBM .	Past
Instead Aero Union dismantled some of their planes and sold the parts for a profit .	Past
In April 2011 Aero Union had voluntarily disclosed that its planes were not current on inspections and were in violation of the contract .	Past
Less than a month later Aero Union informed its employees that they were out of work and that the company was shutting down operations .	Past
Only two aircraft were bid upon and those bids were rejected as being too low .	Past
As with her previous album , " Songs 1 " ( 2007 ) , " Songs 2 " includes songs that Tzuke wrote with other artists .	Pres
It is edited by Williams scholar Annette Saddik , who provides the introduction .	Past
The film is presumed lost .	Past
He gazes at his hands and dreams of becoming a conqueror , but laments that no chance comes to him and continues to dream .	Pres
The Dreamer decides enter the world of men and abandons his wife leaving her to seek refuge in her father .	Pres
The Dreamer sees himself in the roles of great conquerors , but each vision ends with death .	Pres
The Dreamer 's wife has been kicked out for refusing to marry the stranger , and is reunited with the Dreamer on the edge of the desert .	Past
Dwan credits the idea to adapt and produce a film on Thomas Grays " Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard " as a betting challenge .	Pres
Lombardi writes that Dwan was subject to produce overtly artistic films , but these tendencies were kept in check by Dwan 's more practical inclinations .	Pres
The Tigers upset top-ranked Syracuse who were playing in their fourth Division I final in the prior five years .	Past
Vidal was baptized along with his wife Elizabeth in 1959 into the LDS Church , less than two years after LDS Church missionaries first came to Peru .	Past
About 4 km past the city center and main Luuq Market , the river encloses the city again completely .	Pres
Averages high temperatures exceed in March , the hottest month of the year .	Past
Annual average rainfall is only and the city receives just too little annual rainfall to achieve a “ semi-arid ” climate classification .	Pres
Luuq is one of the hottest places year-round on Earth as the annual daily mean temperature exceeds .	Past
The plant grows in moist marshes , forests and alongside bodies of water .	Pres
It grows up to tall and wide .	Pres
The seeds are also eaten by squirrels and other mammals .	Past
The flexibility of the system absorbs impact energy and dissipates it laterally , which reduces the forces transmitted to the vehicle occupants .	Pres
During the expansion of cable barrier use throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the low-tension system was specified almost exclusively .	Past
Large springs at both ends of the cable run are compressed ( according to temperature ) to achieve the low tension in the system .	Past
Due to the low tension of the system , the cables tend to lie on the ground in the event that an impact damages multiple posts .	Pres
At TL-3 , an car is crashed at on an impact angle of 20 ° .	Past
Also at this level , a pickup truck impacts at and 25 ° .	Pres
Flexible systems such as cable barriers deflect between 8 and 12 ft upon impact .	Pres
A major problem alleged , that reduces the effectiveness of cable barriers , is the installation below grade , especially around slopes or dips .	Pres
Litigation has arisen in Arizona regarding the improper installation of cable barriers .	Past
In Washington state , numerous letters were submitted to the state Department of Transportation complaining of cable barrier installation .	Past
The overall length of the barrier tends to be shorter .	Pres
He switched teachers at age 11 to a local piano master , Charles Seed .	Past
In these musically formative years , Andrews honed his chops on keyboards , playing six or seven nights a week , sometimes 12 hours a day .	Past
Their six album releases for Capitol and United Artist Records became cult favourites on both sides of the Atlantic .	Pres
Martin knew a bass player and drummer , Andrew Bodnar and Steve Goulding , who ’ s band BonTemps Roulez had also split up .	Past
In 1978 , he co-produced with Brinsley Schwarz , the first album from Carlene Carter .	Past
The song also charted in twelve other countries .	Past
A little impromptu gig was devised .	Past
He currently resides in Taos , New Mexico , United States , playing frequent solo shows , and other appearances with several talented local musicians .	Pres
An exceptional student , Irving skipped three grade levels before graduating grade school at just twelve years old .	Past
After the death of Gracie Allen , George struggled as a single act .	Past
He also authored several books , including the bestseller " Jack Benny : An Intimate Biography " .	Past
His grandchildren acted as the match 's mascots .	Past
He amassed Segunda División totals of 140 games and 14 goals over the course of six seasons , representing five clubs .	Past
In 2007 , the “ L 'Acadie Nouvelle ” newspaper dubbed him “ Le Roi du Bluegrass ” or “ The King of Bluegrass ” .	Past
It can be distinguished from all other species of bur-reed by the presence of two stigmas .	Past
The flowers are wind pollinated , the male flower clusters being separate and more highly elevated than the female .	Past
It also produces large seeds , which can accumulate in the soil as buried reserves .	Pres
Muskrats feed on the plant , particularly its rhizomes , while the seeds are an important food source for waterfowl .	Pres
This group toured the San Francisco Bay Area through the early 1970s ; after this Marshall played with Jon Hendricks and The Pointer Sisters .	Past
The director of a film team engages Susie after losing his leading lady , but chaos ensues .	Pres
In 2014 – 15 , Iborra was often deployed in a more attacking midfield role by manager Unai Emery , and responded by scoring nine goals overall .	Past
He cited failure of his family to adjust to life in England as the main reason for his departure .	Past
The species grows primarily in damp areas in forest openings , prairies , and disturbed sites .	Pres
It has often been treated as a variety of " Spiraea alba " ( white or narrowleaf meadowsweet ) .	Past
One of them was thrown from his horse and efforts by the others to catch it led to their being thrown too .	Past
Blair had been drinking and was unable to travel afoot .	Pres
Wilson and Chapman wandered about looking for one another or for help until night came on .	Past
Dennis McDonald mapped the mountain in 1949 for the BC Forest Service , and named it after his wife Geraldine .	Past
that maps states " S " in the Markov chain to letters in the alphabet Γ .	Pres
The group 's music is distinguished by its intricate arrangements , lush vocal harmonies and cynical , idiosyncratic lyrics .	Past
Each of the twins is imbued with special abilities to help succeed in the adventure .	Past
Collecting blood rubies helps to develop magical powers .	Pres
Trew Jr also captained Swansea during the 1929 / 30 season before moving to England to play for Swinton .	Past
Many local people lined the streets to pay their last respects .	Past
Fettes Brot and Bela B. later collaborated on " Fussball ist immer noch wichtig " .	Past
However , it is absent from most of the Southeastern United States .	Past
He is best remembered today for his association with Emily and Charlotte Brontë during the 1840s .	Past
In 1842 Emily and Charlotte Brontë travelled to Brussels to enroll in the boarding school run by Héger and his wife .	Past
The extent of Charlotte Brontë 's feelings for Héger were not fully realised until 1913 , when her letters to him were published for the first time .	Past
At his request , he resumed the teaching of the youngest class in the school .	Past
It was powered by four Gnome-Rhône 14N radial engines of each .	Past
The aircraft underwent a slow development programme and the test flying was not completed until January 1942 .	Past
Several examples were utilised as test aircraft with the CEV at Villacoublay and elsewhere .	Past
These enhancements partially reassured commercial airline customers .	Past
The flying classrooms were modified with both a nose radar set and a ventral " dustbin " radar .	Past
The aircraft was withdrawn from Naval service in 1959 .	Past
The last Air France Languedoc was withdrawn from domestic service in 1954 , being then unable to compete with more modern airliners .	Past
The translation was short-listed for the 2009 Best Translated Book Award .	Past
However , he was later rehabilitated after the Cultural Revolution ended .	Past
It belongs to the statistical microregion of Montes Claros .	Pres
It suffers from isolation , poor soils , and periodic drought .	Pres
In 1991 , McAuliffe negotiated a merger with Credit International Bank , which he called his " greatest business experience . "	Past
Shareholders questioned whether he was given special treatment ; Chairman Richard V. Allen denied the allegation .	Past
By 1998 , McAuliffe had built American Heritage Homes into one of Central Florida ’ s biggest home-building companies .	Pres
In 1997 , McAuliffe invested $ 100,000 as an angel investor in Global Crossing , a Bermuda-registered telecommunications company .	Past
Later that year , McAuliffe relocated GreenTech 's headquarters to McLean , Virginia .	Past
In December 2012 , McAuliffe was questioned about the factory 's location in Mississippi instead of Virginia .	Past
After Bill Clinton 's tenure ended , McAuliffe guaranteed the Clintons ' $ 1.35 million mortgage for their home in Chappaqua , New York .	Past
In 2000 , McAuliffe chaired a fundraiser with the Clintons , setting a fundraising record of $ 26.3 million .	Past
According to " The Washington Post " , the move bolstered United States Senator John Kerry 's fundraising efforts .	Past
He also cited his ability to raise money for down-ticket Democratic candidates .	Past
McAuliffe pulled off an upset win , as Republicans had dominated recent state elections and Cuccinelli was seen as the outgoing Republican governor 's hand-picked successor .	Past
He vetoed bills mainly concerning social legislation , including those that negatively impacted women ’ s rights , LGBTQ rights , the environment and voting rights .	Past
After his plans to expand Medicaid were blocked by the Republican-controlled House of Delegates , McAuliffe unveiled his own plan titled " A Healthy Virginia . "	Past
One example cited was a donation of $ 120,000 from Chinese businessman Wang Wenliang .	Past
After the 2016 presidential election , McAuliffe was speculated by the media to be a potential candidate for president in the 2020 election .	Past
He opposes new state health and safety regulations on abortion clinics .	Pres
McAuliffe has spoken extensively on workforce development , with education proposals being funded through savings from the proposed Medicaid expansion .	Past
McAuliffe supports the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare .	Pres
He supports expanding Medicaid , arguing that taxes Virginians pay would return to Virginia .	Pres
On February 21 , 2017 , Governor McAuliffe vetoed a bill that would have defunded Planned Parenthood in Virginia .	Past
McAuliffe believes human activity has contributed to global warming , and characterizes clean energy as a national security issue .	Pres
He supports reducing dependence on foreign oil through investment in technologies such as carbon capture and storage , solar farms , and offshore wind turbines .	Pres
McAuliffe was endorsed by billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer and the League of Conservation Voters .	Past
McAuliffe supports same-sex marriage and supported the United States Supreme Court ruling in June 2015 that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional .	Pres
McAuliffe supports eliminating several business taxes , such as the business professional license tax , and using revenue from local government taxes to make up the difference .	Pres
However , the book attracted negative publicity during McAuliffe 's 2013 gubernatorial race .	Past
Despite the negative publicity , McAuliffe has not backed away from it , using " What a Party " to introduce himself to voters .	Past
The company was floated on the stock market in January 2014 .	Past
Having inherited his mother ’ s particular love for orchids , he reinforced this when he was in India .	Past
She inherited Burford Lodge , near Dorking , where they created a celebrated garden .	Past
In 1874 he unsuccessfully contested Gloucester as a Conservative , but in 1875 was elected for Mid-Surrey , which included a large portion of south London .	Past
He presided at the RHS conference on hybridisation in 1899 , which is now officially regarded as the first international conference on genetics .	Past
A genus of orchids , " Trevoria " , bears his name as well .	Pres
The tissue on those slides may be subjected to staining to highlight structures .	Past
This increases potential for using data for education and consultations between two or more experts .	Pres
However , the advantages anticipated through digital pathology are similar to those in radiology :	Past
Digital slides are often stored and delivered over the Internet or private networks , for viewing and consultation .	Past
Digital pathology workflow is integrated into the institution 's overall operational environment .	Past
Following this run he contested the Leopardstown November Handicap and was heavily supported in the betting market ( 20 / 1 to 7 / 2 ) .	Past
With only 7-7 to carry , the leading British-based lightweight jockey , Richard Fox , was booked for the ride .	Past
This being the last day of the flat season , Golden Cygnet 's sights were then switched to hurdling .	Past
At this stage , he was travelling so well that Madden was struggling to restrain him .	Pres
O 'Grady intimated afterwards that he may have run him too soon after Leopardstown and he planned to give him a break .	Past
He had jumped brilliantly , never touched a hurdle .	Past
Racing 's highly respected judges ' Timeform ' stated in their 1977 / 1978 Annual :	Past
A long period of rest over the summer seemed to be all that was required .	Past
He was hoping to receive the all-clear for the horse to travel home .	Pres
Rather like a friend or part of the family not only dying unexpectedly , but in a different country .	Pres
Timeform rated him 176 at the end of that season .	Past
" I knew then that no matter how long I 'd be in the game I 'd never ride another like him . "	Past
In retirement his interest has broadened to facilitate inter-agency collaboration in support of comprehensively defined human development and empowerment .	Past
Since 1972 , the Robinsons have resided at their rural property in mid-northern Ontario .	Past
This understanding then enabled the academic to help practitioners use research results and theoretical concepts to both upgrade and better achieve their goals .	Past
Several hundred of Robinson 's publications have been disseminated .	Past
Through speaking engagements and CCRE publications he campaigned for the establishment of provincial educational research bodies to undertake this needed development .	Past
At the end of that time , the department had grown in size from two to 24 staff , and was functional and ready to admit students .	Past
It interpreted Ausubel ’ s theory of ‘ meaningful verbal learning ’ in the context of education .	Past
Robinson rejoined OISE at a time when there was a growing public and political clamour to dissolve the Institute .	Past
In 1972 Robinson relocated to OISE ’ s newly-created Northeastern Centre and continued to successfully demonstrate the Inquiry Program to teachers in that area .	Past
At this time , the Ontario government undertook a curriculum revision reflecting a movement from provincial to local curriculum control .	Past
There seemed to be a clear need for a strategy for designing curriculum units / courses .	Past
A ‘ unit ’ was understood to be a period of instruction of about a month of school time or a chapter of a textbook .	Past
A ‘ course ’ was understood to be the set of units whose content was covered by a course textbook .	Past
He envisaged a human ‘ quality by context ’ framework as a schema for generating unit or course objectives .	Past
The " tonos " is not transmitted in Morse code ; the receiver can simply infer which vowels require one .	Past
This order and representation reflects the Russian national standard .	Pres
UEFA hoped to secure 600 million euros from the television rights but initially was reported to be struggling to raise the amount they wanted .	Past
In the end , UEFA secured 410 million euros from four of the five biggest markets , Germany , United Kingdom , France and Italy .	Past
UEFA is bringing a legal case with the European Union as it saw this as infringing their property rights and distorted competition .	Pres
Jacobson and his wife were thus resistant when it came to mandatory vaccinations in Massachusetts .	Pres
Jacobson was distraught by this and took his case against mandatory vaccinations to the Supreme Court in 1905 .	Past
Because of his refusal to get vaccinated , Jacobson was fined $ 5 and appealed to the Supreme Court .	Past
Jacobson had also argued that the law requiring vaccination was " arbitrary or oppressive " .	Past
Alfred " Uganda " Roberts ( born April 8 , 1943 ) is a conga / percussion player .	Past
These groups co-existed with megafauna like megateriums , glyptodonts , and toxodonts .	Past
They also stored water in tanks .	Past
They spun vegetable fibers to weave into textiles and mats for housing .	Pres
Beginning around 1,000 AD , archaeologists speak of the Neo-Indian period , which ends with the European Conquest and Colony period .	Pres
Historians agree that the founder of Caracas , Diego de Losada , ultimately put Tamanaco to death .	Pres
Responsibility for the Venezuelan territories shifted to and between the two viceroyalties .	Past
The Guipuzcoana company stimulated the Venezuelan economy , especially in fostering the cultivation of cacao beans , which became Venezuela 's principal export .	Past
( Another name for the " mantuanos " class , " grandes cacaos " , reflected the source of their wealth .	Past
European events sowed the seeds of Venezuela 's declaration of independence .	Past
The Napoleonic Wars in Europe not only weakened Spain 's imperial power but also put Britain ( unofficially ) on the side of the independence movement .	Past
In May 1808 , Napoleon demanded and received the abdication of Ferdinand VII of Spain and the confirmation of the abdication of Ferdinand 's father Charles IV .	Past
Despite this Spanish victory , the French soon regained the initiative and advanced into southern Spain .	Past
The Venezuelan War of Independence ensued .	Past
He recruited a force and invaded Venezuela from the southwest by crossing the Andes ( 1813 ) .	Past
But neither the successful invasions nor Bolívar 's decree were provoking a massive enrollment of " pardos " in the cause of independence .	Pres
In the llanos , a populist Spanish immigrant caudillo , José Tomás Boves , initiated a widespread " pardo " movement against the restored Republic .	Past
Bolívar traveled to Caracas and seemingly put Páez in his place ( 1827 ) .	Past
He escaped an assassination attempt with the help of his mistress , Manuela Saenz , a " pardo " woman from Quito .	Past
A downcast Bolívar rode to the coast with the intention of leaving the country , but he was exhausted and very sick .	Past
All prominent " adecos " were expelled .	Past
With the supreme court and congress ranged against him , Pérez was imprisoned — for a while in a detention center , then later under house arrest .	Past
Once back in the presidential palace , Caldera confronted the Venezuelan banking crisis of 1994 .	Past
The steel corporation Sidor was privatized , and the economy continued to plummet .	Past
The election was preceded by an electoral reform that favoured PSUV by giving more weight to the countryside .	Past
President Nicolás Maduro was formally inaugurated as President of Venezuela on 19 April , after the election commission had promised a full audit of the election results .	Past
A year after the plan was initiated , no changes in crime had been reported since murder rates throughout the country remained the same .	Past
He invoked Article 347 , and stated that his call for a new constitution was necessary to counter the actions of the opposition .	Past
The 2017 Constituent Assembly of Venezuela was officially sworn in on 4 August 2017 .	Past
Between his marriage and 1704 he travelled in Europe , mainly Holland , Germany , Denmark and Italy .	Past
They jointly petitioned again in 1717 , asking for a separation , which was granted .	Past
During the Vietnam War , AVR " 661 " towed targets for helicopter gunship training and anti-mine training as well as to recover drones .	Past
That plan was scrapped as the boat was too large for the cargo plane .	Past
She was then donated to the PT Boat Museum in Memphis , Tennessee That , too , proved problematic .	Past
As she was being run upriver to Memphis , she struck a submerged obstruction and damaged her running gear .	Past
Due to an unlikely set of circumstances , the actual game , held at Reed Arena on the A & M campus , was never televised .	Past
However , " Missing Link " was cancelled in June 2007 , at which time production was also halted on the other two programs .	Past
ESPN Classic has been parodied in a recurring series of " Saturday Night Live " skits .	Past
The sketches depict archived broadcasts of obscure women 's sports events from the 1980s such as bowling , weightlifting and curling .	Pres
It originates in the Chuvash Republic and falls into the Sviyaga River ] south of Devlikeyevo .	Pres
Upon the March Revolution of 1848 , he acted as president of the " Glogauer Konstitutioneller Verein " .	Past
During his time in office , Forckenbeck devoted his time to reforming the education system and developing the city 's infrastructure .	Past
Buoyed by high popularity , Forckenbeck was easily re-elected in 1890 .	Past
It employs air-to-air weapons and electronic identification systems .	Pres
Furthermore , the 493d is routinely tasked to deploy in support of Air Force One referred to as " POTUS taskings . "	Past
After the Pearl Harbor Attack , the squadron flew antisubmarine patrols from March to April 1942 .	Past
Deployed to the European Theater of Operations , being assigned to the IX Fighter Command in England , March 1944 .	Past
Assisted the Normandy invasion by dropping bombs on bridges and gun positions , attacking rail lines and trains , and providing visual reconnaissance reports .	Past
Eventually was stationed in Occupied Germany on V-E Day .	Past
Training discontinued after Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the sudden end of the Pacific War .	Past
The squadron was reactivated in 1952 as a NATO Fighter-Bomber squadron stationed in France .	Past
Equipped initially with Republic F-84G Thunderjets , upgraded in 1954 to North American F-86F Sabre aircraft .	Past
Honing bombing and gunnery skills , the squadron frequently deployed to Wheelus Air Base , Libya for training .	Past
Then in late 1956 the squadron upgraded to the North American F-100D Super Sabre .	Past
They underwent a series of NATO tactical evaluations .	Pres
It flew combat missions in Southwest Asia from January to February 1991 as part of Operation Desert Storm .	Past
In the midst of the organizational changes , the squadron switched aircraft again , exchanging the F-111s for the F-15C / D Eagle in early February 1994 .	Past
The squadron intercepted 31 Russian air force aircraft when they threatened or violated Baltic airspace .	Past
The tobacco industry was thriving as well .	Pres
In the late 1990s , the government instituted land reforms intended to evict white landowners and place their holdings in the hands of black farmers .	Past
The banking sector also collapsed , with farmers unable to obtain loans for capital development .	Past
Life expectancy dropped.The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe blamed the hyperinflation on economic sanctions imposed by the United States of America , the IMF and the European Union .	Past
Transparency International ranks Zimbabwe 's government 157th of 177 in terms of institutionalised corruption .	Pres
The resulting lack of confidence in government undermines confidence in the future and faith in the currency .	Pres
Widespread poverty and violence , including government violence to stifle political opposition , also undermines confidence in the future .	Pres
Land reform lowered agricultural output , especially in tobacco , which accounted for one-third of Zimbabwe 's foreign-exchange earnings .	Past
At one point , the US Ambassador to Zimbabwe predicted that it would reach 1.5 million percent .	Past
Staff from WM / Reuters devised an indirect means of measurement that was termed the Old Mutual Implied Rate ( OMIR ) .	Past
This amounted to a price freeze , which is usually ineffective in halting inflation .	Past
In January 2009 , acting Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa lifted the restriction to use only Zimbabwean dollars .	Past
This too acknowledged what many were already doing .	Past
Even though their salaries were in the trillions per month , this amounted to around US $ 1 , or half the daily bus fare .	Past
Prices in shops and restaurants were still quoted in Zimbabwean dollars , but were adjusted several times a day .	Past
Such business venues constituted a black market , an arena explicitly outside the law .	Past
The Reserve Bank printed a Z $ 21 trillion bill to pay off debts owed to the International Monetary Fund .	Past
First , in August 2006 , the Reserve Bank recalled notes in exchange for new notes with three zeros slashed from the currency .	Past
This implicitly solved the chronic problem of lack of confidence in the Zimbabwean dollar , and compelled people to use the foreign currency of their choice .	Past
Some citizens disputed this , saying the 2008 error was now returning and they would not accept the bond notes .	Past
However , this was denied by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe in January 2016 .	Past
The Regency surrounds but now does not include the city of Tanjungbalai which was formerly its capital .	Pres
The Fiat steel frame was modified to carry independent suspension with front torsion bar .	Past
The streamlined broad front defines the lines that drop to the rear wheels affecting even the doors .	Pres
The rear wheels are particularly pronounced , while the rear is low and tapered .	Past
In June 2013 , the album was longlisted for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize .	Past
He contacted Milosh , who was at the time living in Berlin , and asked him to fly to Copenhagen , Denmark to meet him .	Past
As it happened , Milosh had also gone to the States independently .	Past
Their online postings for " Open " and " The Fall " , both romantic soul-pop numbers , garnered attention and a following .	Past
Discussions also ensued about Milosh 's high and sigh-like contralto androgynous vocals .	Past
His voice and the band 's instrumentation are likened to those of British-Nigerian singer Sade and The xx .	Past
In 2017 , Rhye collaborated with Bonobo on a track called " Break Apart " from his album " Migration " .	Past
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Tomé spans an area of and has 52,440 inhabitants ( 25,263 men and 27,177 women ) .	Pres
On October 27 , 2006 the " Associated Press " quoted Bismallah Afghanmal stating that recent Nato airstrikes had killed 80 to 85 civilians .	Past
Its adolescent protagonist David Case spends the majority of the book attempting to avoid fate .	Pres
His new , moody , self-absorbed persona attracts attention , not all of it good , and Fate is not fooled at all .	Past
He also teaches film music history at the Australian Institute of Music .	Pres
It has been variously mapped as the Beaver River , Beaver Creek , and " Riviere aux serpents " .	Past
Nonreceptive females may be driven from the spawning area .	Past
The female lays one or two eggs , then the male fertilizes them .	Pres
The female carries the eggs until they are free-swimming and have absorbed their yolk sacs , about 2 – 3 weeks .	Pres
She eats little to no food during this period .	Pres
Eventually , she releases them and allows them to search for food , taking them back into her mouth when she feels threatened .	Pres
Complicated accessories often spoiled the basic simplicity of so many US locomotives , but UP resisted most of them , resulting in an elegant , uncluttered appearance .	Past
It has eleven communities , namely : Ogriagbene , Esama , Akugbene , Bomadi , Kpakiama , Ekamuta-gbene , Azebiri , Ogodobiri , Okoloba and Kalafuo-gbene .	Past
Sudan Sunrise also facilitates local efforts in Southern Sudan to provide education , health care and community development .	Pres
The organization emerged from an endeavor in 2004 to help Southern Sudanese Christians living in the U.S. deliver aid to Darfurian Muslim refugees in Chad .	Past
In 2012 , Sudan Sunrise partnered with Humanity United to facilitate a meeting in Washington , DC of the Jonglei Youth Peace Initiative .	Past
The meeting gathered representatives from 11 countries and 5 tribes from Jonglei State , South Sudan to discuss a framework for peace for their respective communities .	Past
The event drew over 600 Nubans to discuss reconciliation and organizing relief efforts for those suffering bombardments in the Nuba Mountains .	Past
In 2015 , Sudan Sunrise partnered with Bishop Abraham Nhial to seek funding for his reconciliation initiative in the Kakuma refugee camp .	Past
" Sudanese refugees in U.S. seek to help peace efforts " Associate Press , updated November 13 , 2007 *	Pres
Altman also creates birds made from wire whose exoskeletons encompass various found objects .	Pres
Apart from the recurring theme of natural subjects represented by artificial means , Altman is also questioning individuality , loneliness and loss of identity .	Pres
Prior to completing his Diploma in Teaching at Corpus Christi College , Lovobalavu pursued rugby as a career .	Past
Ovwian shares boundaries with Aladja , Ekete , Owhase , Egini , Orhuwhorun and Ujevwu communities .	Pres
A veteran himself , Murphy has sponsored and led the passage of legislation to provide tuition assistance and workforce training programs for veterans across Massachusetts .	Past
The act of trade by barter is still being practiced in the popular Aladja Market to this day .	Past
In addition the SEAC models can be distinguished by the large rear spoiler and the rounder nose .	Past
To help celebrate , the Society ’ s celebration pin was flown in space shuttle mission , STS-118 ( August 8 – 21 , 2007 ) .	Past
The IEEE EMC Society has evolved into an international , professional society within the IEEE .	Past
Some commentators have detected a prototype of punk outrage in Mension 's style and behavior .	Past
From 1980 to 1988 , chemical weapons were deployed in fighting during the Iran – Iraq War in violation of their commitment under the Geneva Conventions .	Past
Hay repeatedly protested against these violation but with no significant result .	Past
Rooster Blues was co-founded by Jim O 'Neal in Chicago , and initially released 14 albums by South Side blues musicians .	Past
One creates Lake Delton and the other creates Mirror Lake .	Pres
He has co-authored three textbooks and edited four books in the field of thermal and fluids sciences and engineering .	Past
His publications have been cited over 7500 times and his h-index is 42 .	Past
It is powered by a variant of the same engine as the Sentry .	Past
After the war , Tudhope emigrated to Canada and joined the RCAF .	Past
Tudhope surveyed routes for the Trans-Canada Air Lines , receiving the McKee Trophy for his work in 1930 .	Past
In 1937 he flew the first dawn to dusk flight across Canada , from Montreal to Vancouver , British Columbia .	Past
Meitner , and her nephew Otto Robert Frisch , correctly interpreted these results as being nuclear fission .	Past
The group 's work was discontinued in August 1939 , when the three were called to military training .	Past
The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation .	Past
In 1971 , the reports were declassified and returned to Germany .	Past
He is usually deployed as a central defender but can also play left back .	Past
" Updated to games played as of 4 December 2018 . "	Past
It also concerns the theme of metamorphosis , and contains grotesque and allegorical episodes .	Pres
It was rebuilt by Pope John XXIII in the early 1960s .	Past
Normally the Pope greets heads of state in his private library in the Apostolic Palace .	Pres
In 1997 , they teamed up together and began learning ice dancing , coached by Oleg Ryjkin at the Olympic training centre in Dortmund .	Past
The Hermanns missed the 2010 – 11 season due to injury and returned to the ice in March 2011 , working with Rene Lohse in Berlin .	Past
In 1997 , they teamed up together and began learning ice dancing , coached by Oleg Ryjkin at the Olympic training centre in Dortmund .	Past
The Hermanns missed the 2010 – 11 season due to injury and returned to the ice in March 2011 , working with Rene Lohse in Berlin .	Past
The prototype was fitted with an engine derived from a Fiat 1100 to which Bandini adapted cutting a head DOHC from Alfa Romeo 8-cylinder .	Past
The distribution , compulsorily amended as well as camshafts , it was a chain and gears .	Past
The particular design chassy and tubes special steel section elliptical-derived aircraft , Caproni , ensured the proper relationship between lightness and torsional rigidity .	Past
In 1989 , he was ordained as a priest .	Past
He constantly arrives at the office late and intoxicated .	Pres
He is adapting the screenplay for a 2011 film , starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt .	Pres
During these years the show was sponsored by Braun , Coca-Cola , Memorex and Maxell .	Past
It was then rebranded on MTV Europe as Euro Hitlist and shown with a varying compilation method until its complete termination in August 2012 .	Past
The data room enables the interested parties to view information relating to the business in a controlled environment where confidentiality can be preserved .	Pres
The show was cancelled in July 2010 but continued to be broadcast on MTV Europe with a different compilation method up until its termination in August 2012 .	Past
The site measured 55,000 square yards and included a cricket pitch and bowling greens .	Past
Kent were bowled out for 74 in their match , with Bobby Peel taking 8 for 93 .	Past
Peel also bowled Gloucestershire out for just 89 , taking 7 for 39 , in a low scoring match which Yorkshire won by 3 wickets .	Past
All the structures discussed are just a few of the structures built by the portuguese and the British that settled in Forcados and Burutu to do business .	Past
The structures discussed above and many more are still visible , but are fast decaying away due to lack of maintenance by the government .	Past
It is highly populated and is a gateway into the city of Warri .	Past
which proves that the area is important and its inhabitants deserves special attention .	Pres
It was driven by Richard W. Gent at Watkins Glen in the 1951 Grand Prix , introducing the cars to the auto-sports fans of the United States .	Past
Small motor-cycle style wheel-guards were fitted , allowing them to remain separate from the body .	Past
Ilario Bandini loved to reiterate that nature had solved very well functional problems that man is only beginning to face .	Past
The other two conference and retreat centers are Ghost Ranch and Montreat .	Past
Stony Point Center welcomes people of all faiths and nations to discern , discover , learn and lead .	Pres
In a given year , the center with its 180-bed campus welcomes a wide variety of groups who come to hold their own programs / retreats .	Pres
Stony Point Center sponsors programming focused on nonviolence , peace and justice , environment , spiritual practices and church issues .	Pres
By 1803 , when Brunel 's machinery was installed and working the Navy cancelled Taylor 's contract .	Past
The parish of Churchstoke is bisected by Offa 's Dyke .	Past
George Mountford , writing early in the last century , observes that it had been the practice for land in Hopton to be let with Bachelldre Hall .	Pres
Dafydd ap Cadwaladr was descended from Sir Robert ap Madog , who married Joyce , daughter of Sir Peter Corbet of Caus .	Past
The province 's Legislative Council was abolished in 1892 .	Past
" Shadowman " , a film about the life of Richard Hambleton was screened in the Tribeca Film Festival April 21 , 2017 .	Past
Before his plan proceeded , however , Sinestro and rookie Green Lantern Hal Jordan intercepted him , spiriting William Hand to safety .	Past
Defeated , Atrocitus was contained by Sinestro , and brought to Oa .	Past
Through this act , it was implied that it was Atrocitus who planted the seeds of Sinestro 's later fall from grace .	Past
In this way , the first power battery was christened with blood .	Past
Atrocitus soon donned his new red power ring , becoming the first Red Lantern .	Past
He recruited many other individuals from across the universe who possessed great anger and hate , including former Green Lantern Laira .	Past
Many of them had been wronged by the Sinestro Corps , and Atrocitus promises them that the Red Lantern Corps will eradicate Sinestro himself .	Past
The Red Lanterns interrupted a deadly fight between Sinestro 's forces and the Green Lanterns , killing members of both sides without discrimination .	Past
Atrocitus personally slew the long-standing Green Lantern Remnant Nod .	Past
After bringing Sinestro to Ysmault , Atrocitus nailed the former Green Lantern to a cross to await his execution at his own hands .	Past
In a burst of outrage , Jordan prepared to carry out Sinestro 's death sentence himself , against the wishes of the Blue Lanterns .	Past
The blue ring negated the effects of the red ring , restoring Jordan to normal .	Past
Ganthet then duplicated the leader 's rings , in an attempt to bolster their forces .	Past
Atrocitus desires to harness the Spectre 's powers for his vendettas against the Guardians after the spirit is free from the Black Lantern Corps .	Pres
Despite his utter hatred for the Guardians , Atrocitus agrees , sending the Red Lantern Bleez to assist Guy .	Past
Enraged , Atrocitus blasts the trio out of the subway , and engages in combat .	Pres
Their fight is then interrupted as Lobo makes an appearance , incapacitating Hal .	Past
Atrocitus locates the Butcher , who is about to possess a man whose daughter had been killed by a death row inmate .	Pres
Inside they discover that it was Krona who purposefully reprogrammed the Manhunters to wipe out all life in Sector 666 .	Pres
Atrocitus reveals that he already knew this .	Past
When Hal meets up with Guy Gardner at the " Green House " , Guy reveals the pact made between him , Ganthet , and Atrocitus .	Pres
In the final battle , Atrocitus is freed from the book by Kyle Rayner , and his red ring returns to him .	Past
Afterwards , Atrocitus was confronted by Ganthet , who brings Krona 's corpse to him to do what he wishes .	Past
He resolves to lead his Red Lanterns in punishing the guilty .	Pres
He settles for Bleez , restoring her mind and naming her his new right-hand .	Pres
He then captures Rankorr and forces a bug inside him to make him feral .	Pres
He then poisons the blood on Ysmult and using a second lake on Styge Prime he creates hundreds of rings and sends them to Earth .	Pres
In DC Rebirth , Atrocitus resumes his reign over the Red Lanterns .	Pres
Atrocitus wields a Red Lantern power ring similar to that of a Green Lantern 's , except it is powered by rage rather than willpower .	Pres
However , the Red Lantern 's corruptive energy can be overcome and purified by the Blue Lantern 's energies .	Past
A circular chemistry hall was housed on the lower level under the anatomical theater .	Past
More and more cars like the sport siluro were exported , containing Siata , Offenhauser , Saab , MG and Alfa Romeo engines .	Past
Between 1994 and 1996 this section of the ANB was rebuilt for the Hamburg U-Bahn system .	Past
The design magazine " Gebrauchsgraphik " devoted a special edition to him on his fiftieth birthday in 1939 .	Past
The publishers were mainly focusing on more grown kids , rather than young in this early period .	Pres
Pinocchio was the first Disney comics to syndicate , followed by classics such as Cinderella and Alice in Wonderland .	Pres
From 2016 , the magazine also publishes Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck series from Disney as well as the popular American cartoon Dennis The Menace .	Pres
Venugopal also draws the last page strip , known as " Mrigathipathyam Vannal " .	Pres
This curtailed his appearances in first-class cricket over the next two seasons .	Past
Somerset approached the Navy to allow Tordoff leave of absence to captain the side for the 1955 season .	Past
A former pupil of Normanton Grammar School , he captained the Royal Navy side which played London University in 1969 .	Past
The University side was captained by John Law , a former student of the same school .	Past
The ornate ironwork of the verandas contrasts with the simple wooden door and window surrounds .	Pres
At the time of its construction Spring Street did not exist , so it fronted on Elm Street to the north .	Past
It has been well-maintained and preserved throughout its existence , even after its partition into apartments .	Past
All three border towns are rated as Grade A border ports of China .	Past
They were divorced in 1946 .	Past
He remarried in 1952 to Gladys Irene Freeman ; they were divorced in 1971 .	Past
However , the band 's contract with the label was nearing its end .	Pres
The Old Course boasts a championship length of over 6,000 yards , par 72 .	Pres
The name Abraka is anglicised from the name " Avwraka " .	Past
Recent historical development in Avwraka ( Abraka ) has birthed the need to divide Abraka Kingdom into Umiagwa-Abraka and Oruarivivie-Abraka Kingdoms .	Past
This lull nearly divides the wet season into two different wet seasons .	Pres
Like a good portion of West Africa , Abraka experiences the harmattan between the months of November and February .	Pres
He was reelected in 1996 , 1998 and 2000 but resigned midway through his fourth term .	Past
Whitworth withdrew on June 30 2014 leaving incumbent Jim Guthrie ( politician ) unopposed .	Past
The Georgian style of architecture plantation house exhibits a somewhat altered five-part plan .	Pres
Charles inherited the property after John 's death .	Past
The kitchen wing was enlarged and an office wing was added for balance , resulting in a symmetrical nine-part elevation .	Past
Guided tours are preceded by an introductory video and include a walk through the entire house , together encompassing about 45 to 60 minutes .	Past
As a given name , Kimball is often contracted to " Kim . "	Past
Political consultants Doug Bailey and Gerald Rafshoon quit the Unity08 movement to work to draft Bloomberg .	Past
The Hearing Division , under the supervision of the Chief Hearing Officer , conducts evidentiary hearings and issues recommended orders for the Commissioners ' consideration and approval .	Pres
The standard was most recently upheld by the Arizona Court of Appeals in April 2011 .	Past
They are often depicted with dark or unnatural eyes and can also be referred to as " hill fairies " .	Past
Several initiatives are sponsored by the Council .	Past
The Council also prepares and publishes the Competitiveness Index , which tracks performance and competitiveness indicators for the United States and global economies .	Pres
The Council is guided by its volunteer CEO leadership , which determines the annual policy action agenda together with Council staff .	Past
Cyclists are advised that some parts of the route are difficult for cycling .	Past
He was loaned to Scottish Premier League side St Johnstone in 2014 , where he won the Scottish Cup .	Past
He trialled with Charlton Athletic in February 2009 , although no transfer materialised .	Past
He also netted in a memorable 4 – 4 draw away at Sheffield United in October 2011 .	Past
The move reunited Dunne with then Stevenage manager Gary Smith , who had previously coached him during his time at Wimbledon .	Past
Ahead of the 2013 – 14 season , Dunne had attracted interests from Championship and League One clubs , including Celtic , Bristol City and Bournemouth .	Past
After the match , Manager Tommy Wright praised Dunne , quoting " " he took the goal really well , it was a great finish . " "	Pres
Ahead of the 2016 – 17 season , Dunne switched number shirt from 16 to 4 .	Past
However , Dunne 's release dismayed Cambridge United supporters , who believed he should be offered a new contract .	Past
In August 2015 Salmenkylä was inducted into the Finnish Basketball Hall of Fame .	Past
Combined with the Payne Islands further to the south , the Plovers are a Canadian Important Bird Area ( # NU027 ) .	Past
That year he won a Munster title in that grade at corner-back , however , further success at All-Ireland level eluded him .	Past
Buckley later progressed onto the county ’ s senior panel .	Past
Released in January 2001 , it achieved success , reaching the top ten in France and Belgium .	Past
Comentiolus was ultimately executed in 602 after the Byzantine army rebelled against Maurice and Emperor Phocas ( ) usurped the throne .	Past
In 587 , Comentiolus assembled a 10,000 strong army at Anchialus .	Past
He prepared an ambush for the Avar khagan in the Haemus mountains , but it failed .	Past
At any rate , when the army rebelled against Maurice in 602 , Comentiolus was entrusted with the defence of the Walls of Constantinople .	Past
In 2007-08 , Mbunga averaged 12 points per game and 5.5 rebounds in 26 minutes per game .	Past
Amphiodia habilis is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Amphiuridae .	Pres
There is seating on a series of black granite steps , which match The Crown Fountain , along each gallery 's east side .	Pres
The galleries are also paved in granite .	Past
The opening was delayed a week .	Past
The photographs were formatted at .	Past
He also wondered why a city that abounds in public sculpture has not ventured to acquire any of his work .	Past
This marks the first installation by a female or Latina artist at the Boeing Galleries .	Pres
These are the first sculptures by a Latina artist displayed anywhere in Millennium Park .	Past
Also , prior to installation the sculptures ' maquettes were displayed at the Chicago Cultural Center as a preview of the exhibit .	Past
Domenge 's spheres defy gravity and space , conveying a rhythmic beauty and a sense of a larger universal order .	Pres
Each work depicts a female subject on the brink of maturation .	Pres
" Anything That Moves " was co-produced by Bruni and Darrell Thorp ( Radiohead , Beck ) .	Past
He enjoyed some success in this grade , culminating in the winning of a Munster title in 2002 .	Past
He remarried in 1915 , his second wife being Mary Macduff from Sheffield .	Past
He was knighted for political and public service in the 1935 New Year Honours , becoming a Knight Bachelor .	Past
Formed in Seattle in 1994 , the band began life as Journal of Trauma and consisted of members Karen Kardell and the _ gun .	Past
Saint Albert of Chiatina ( 1135 – 1202 ) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church .	Past
He secured a Munster winners ' medal in that grade following a 3-11 to 0-13 defeat of Cork .	Past
In an exciting game Tipp emerged victorious by 3-18 to 3-16 and Woodlock collected his first National League winners ' medal .	Past
For much of the match it looked as if Tipp would pull off a shock and deny ' the Cats ' a record-equaling four-in-a-row .	Past
Woodlock missed out on Tipperary 's Munster championship success over Waterford .	Past
This procedure is outlined in the Madrid Protocol , an international treaty outlining environmental practices to be followed in Antarctica .	Past
Fishermen 's Associations and politicians protested against this , and some of the restrictions were lifted .	Past
The name “ Triple K ” relates to the last name of the three founders and brothers Joshim Kakegamic , Henry Kakegamic and Goyce Kakegamic .	Pres
At that time , Native artists were almost completely excluded from the mainstream art community seventies , with exception of Norval Morrisseau .	Past
In the first year of operation they reproduced a number of unlimited editions on cloth and paper .	Past
Triple K paved a path for Native artistic control and disbanded in the early 1980s .	Past
He is usually deployed as a full-forward .	Past
He enjoyed much success in this grade as Tipperary reached the All-Ireland decider via the " back-door " in 2006 .	Past
In an exciting game Tipp emerged victorious by 3 – 18 to 3 – 16 and Callanan collected his first National League winners ' medal .	Past
For much of the match it looked as if Tipp would pull off a shock and deny ' the Cats ' a record-equaling four-in-a-row .	Past
After surrendering their Munster title to Cork at the first hurdle in 2010 , Tipperary regrouped in the qualifiers and reached a second successive All-Ireland decider .	Past
In November 2015 , Callinan picked up his second All Star award , being picked at full-forward .	Past
Callanan has also lined out with Munster in the Inter-provincial Championship .	Past
For small Keulegan – Carpenter number inertia dominates , while for large numbers the ( turbulence ) drag forces are important .	Pres
" Darkfall Online " ' s servers shut down on November 15 , 2012 .	Pres
Bugti was estranged from his father .	Past
Aberbrân translates from the Welsh language to English as : " mouth of the river ( aber ) crow ( brân ) " .	Pres
The railway station was shut down when the Western Region of British Railways closed the Neath and Brecon railway line due to a lack of passenger usage .	Past
The design is optimized for operations over water , and is capable of water landings on its flying boat – like hull .	Past
The 11.2 kW ( 15 hp ) pusher engine is mounted high to keep it dry during takeoffs and landings .	Past
The interior has been extensively altered , with original woodwork remaining only in one bedroom .	Past
Stewart fled to Canada in 1774 , and his wife , Jean Dick Stewart , sold the house back to Jenifer in 1779 .	Past
Dickins was re-appointed as a Trustee of the V & A Museum in October 2004 for a further term of three years .	Past
In 2005 , Dickins was conferred as Visiting Professor in Music and Popular Culture at the University of the Arts London .	Past
He has supervised a number of M.Sc .	Past
It employs the full array of air superiority and surface attack munitions to include the most advanced precision-guided weapons in the USAF inventory .	Pres
After the Pearl Harbor Attack , the squadron flew antisubmarine patrols from , March – April 1942 .	Past
Deployed to the European Theater of Operations ( ETO ) , being assigned to the IX Fighter Command in England , March 1944 .	Past
Assisted the Normandy invasion by dropping bombs on bridges and gun positions , attacking rail lines and trains , and providing visual reconnaissance reports .	Past
Eventually was stationed in Occupied Germany on V-E Day .	Past
Training discontinued after Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the sudden end of the Pacific War .	Past
Reactivated in 1952 as a NATO Fighter-Bomber squadron assigned to France .	Past
Equipped initially with F-84G Thunderjets , upgraded in 1954 to F-86F Sabre aircraft .	Past
The squadron frequently deployed to Wheelus AB , Libya for training .	Past
Then in late 1956 the squadron upgraded to the F-100D Super Sabre .	Past
They underwent a series of NATO tactical evaluations .	Pres
It flew combat missions in Southwest Asia from , January – February 1991 as part of Operation Desert Storm .	Past
In the midst of the organizational changes , the squadron switched aircraft again , exchanging the F-111s for the F-15E Strike Eagle in early February 1992 .	Past
The community is sub-divided into two wards : Okwagbe Inland and Okwagbe Water-side .	Past
The three remaining founders realized that the business they had developed creating and selling software development tools had more profit potential than the original product idea .	Past
You Ain 't Heard of Me ?	Pres
Andy toured with members of the Ramones , Kid Rock , and Blue Öyster Cult .	Past
Windows are centered in the sides on both stories , and a chimney protrudes from the center .	Past
Unlike the other houses , which qualified for the Register because of their architecture , the Darrow House was deemed eligible solely because of its famous resident .	Past
The performance of the 2000 vintage fund IV in particular was impacted by the firm 's exposure to technology and internet businesses .	Past
Her death was witnessed by her whole family .	Past
Named after the nearby Cedar Lake .	Past
Elmer remarked how the natural bowl around the swamp would make a perfect racetrack .	Past
The electronic card verifies that the athlete has visited all control points in the right order .	Pres
Ski orienteering is practiced on four continents .	Past
A person taking part in competitions in ski orienteering is equipped with :	Past
In the past few years , ski orienteering has grown considerably in terms of global spread .	Past
The growth has been boosted by the inclusion of ski orienteering into the Asian Winter Games and the CISM World Military Winter Games .	Past
The RAF sank her in the Bay of Biscay on 14 June 1943 .	Past
Suhren commanded her for her work-up with the 1st U-boat Flotilla between 3 April and 1 June 1941 .	Past
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines .	Past
She sailed again from Brest on 16 August , heading into the Atlantic .	Past
She sank an escort the following day , .	Past
She sailed again on 16 September , this time encountering convoy HG-75 on 24 October .	Past
She sank three British merchantmen that day , , and .	Past
She escaped damage however , and returned to port at Lorient on 1 November having spent 47 days at sea and sunk three ships for 2,587 tons .	Past
" U-564 " relocated to La Pallice in early 1942 , and sailed from there on 18 January .	Past
" U-564 " sailed from Brest on 4 April 1942 , to cross the Atlantic and prey on shipping off the North American coast , including Florida .	Past
On 8 May she sank the American merchantman , the following day she sank the Panamanian tanker .	Past
" U-564 " repeated the exercise on her next patrol , departing Brest on 6 July to operate off the coast of South America .	Past
A Royal Air Force Short Sunderland spotted the boats and attacked them off Cape Finisterre at 18.59 hours on 13 June .	Past
The aircraft targeted " U-564 " and dropped its bombs , but was shot down by anti-aircraft fire , killing all 11 of the crew .	Past
" U-564 " had sustained heavy damage and turned back , escorted by " U-185 " .	Past
An Armstrong Whitworth Whitley sighted the two U-boats in the Bay of Biscay the following day and shadowed them .	Past
picked them up and transferred them to the two hours later .	Past
The Associated Press honored Muir for Best Enterprise Reporting and Best Television Interview .	Past
In 2006 , and occasionally thereafter , he co-anchored the newsmagazine " Primetime " .	Past
In October 2007 , Muir was dispatched to Peru after the worst earthquake to hit that country in more than two decades .	Past
Muir also anchored several hours of the tragedy in Newtown as it unfolded , and then reported from the scene as President Obama visited the town .	Past
Muir 's interviews with Republican candidate Mitt Romney generated national headlines on the issues of economics and immigration policy in the United States .	Past
Muir 's Emmy-nominated " Made In America " series on the American economy is a continuing feature on his broadcast .	Past
ADR approaches are presently being utilized in Houston , Texas and Cambridge , Massachusetts as well as several other cities in the US and abroad .	Past
In 1985 Professor Sander , together with Professor Eric Green and Stephen Goldberg , authored a comprehensive book entitle " Dispute Resolution " published by Little Brown .	Past
At the time , WFMU was licensed to and owned by Upsala College , and based in East Orange , New Jersey .	Past
It was compiled and edited by longtime WFMU radio host Dave " The Spazz " Abramson .	Past
Freedman pioneered the use of direct licensing for broadcasters , obtaining alternative copyrights and waivers to address restrictions placed on broadcasters by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .	Past
In 2013 , Freedman initiated the creation of a suite of software for broadcasters , journalists and online publishers known as the Audience Engine .	Past
The bottom teams from all divisions are relegated to the Macedonian Regional Leagues .	Past
The blog is indexed by Google News .	Past
The show discussed the latest news in science and science fiction .	Past
Io9 was referenced in the American television series " Dollhouse " .	Past
The old " io9.com " URL automatically links to the main io9 subpage of " io9.gizmodo.com " .	Pres
Meredith Woerner departed io9 in May 2015 , to write for the " Los Angeles Times " " Hero Complex " column .	Past
The western patch-nosed snake inhabits arid deserts in its area .	Pres
It feeds upon lizards , snakes , reptile eggs , and small rodents .	Pres
This breed as the name suggests originated in Lucerne , Switzerland .	Pres
The breed is a variety of Swiss Lucerne peak crested pigeon .	Past
Obama 's campaign encouraged supporters to sign up for a text messaging system that would alert them the moment he announced his choice .	Past
However , NBC News later quoted sources stating that Bayh had been informed by Obama 's campaign that he was not the pick .	Past
In July 2008 Obama traveled to Kuwait , Afghanistan , Iraq , Jordan , the West Bank , Israel , Germany , France , and Britain .	Past
That stock market loss was subsequently exceeded by an even larger − 7.0 % plunge on September 29 , 2008 .	Past
The campaign avoided using public campaign funds , raising all of its money privately from individual donors .	Past
Critics of the decision argued that the decision contradicted earlier statements that he would attempt to reach agreement with McCain to obtain public financing ,	Past
and asserted that Obama 's campaign was receiving as much support from unregulated 527 groups as McCain 's .	Past
This exceeded the campaign 's single-month record ( $ 66 million ) for August 2008 .	Past
Obama ’ s campaign was further strengthened by his opponent John McCain ’ s comparatively limited use of the Internet .	Past
In 2007 , DNC chairman Howard Dean centralized data collection and management by hiring the Voter Activation Network and creating the database Votebuilder .	Past
More detailed surveys were requested and received through email .	Past
Marketing based on consumer data also enabled effective grassroots organizing through the website .	Past
Data gathered from the website indicated who the most dedicated constituents were ; the website tracked how often a person visited and when .	Past
The campaign team then targeted and encouraged activists in contested , winnable areas , such as through the website program Neighbor-to-neighbor .	Past
The erosion of support for the Obama / Biden ticket was especially pronounced among white women who had previously shown strong support for Hillary Clinton .	Past
However , Obama regained and maintained the national poll average after September 19 .	Past
The band embarked on this tour after finishing the mixing sessions for its debut album " Ten " in England .	Past
It ranges from extreme southern Washington state , where it has a disjunct population , through Oregon and California , to northern Baja California .	Pres
The loose narrative structure is anchored by John 's breakup with his girlfriend Laura ( Hina Abdullah ) .	Past
" I Need You " by The Rationals ( The Kinks cover ) < br >	Pres
" Set You Free " by The Black Keys < br >	Past
" Back to the Lake " by Guided by Voices	Past
It currently sponsors Racing , another first division Argentinean football club .	Pres
In 2002 , Cooney was inducted into the Fresno County Athletic Hall of Fame .	Past
While the Red Sox vehemently protested , Cooney also ejected Marty Barrett from the bench for throwing water coolers on the field .	Past
At the time , the Red Sox were trailing the Oakland Athletics 1 – 0 and eventually lost 3 – 1 , being swept in four games .	Pres
In its final year , it enrolled 50 students in ninth , 10th and 11th grades .	Past
Only two of 20 students later tested as part of a Portland State University study met achievement standards , according to the hearings officer for the state .	Past
Its motto reads : Furchtlos und treu ( fearless and true ) .	Pres
Until 1913 the higher orders were restricted to the nobility .	Past
The armed forces are increasingly depending on satellites for communication , aircraft and missile guidance , reconnaissance and surveillance .	Pres
The CARTOSAT-2 carries a state-of-the-art panchromatic ( PAN ) camera that take black and white pictures of the earth in the visible region of the electromagnetic spectrum .	Pres
The satellite can be steered up to 45 degrees along as well as across the track .	Past
The satellite carries a panchromatic ( PAN ) camera capable of taking black-and-white pictures in the visible region of electromagnetic spectrum .	Pres
It is extensively grown in gardens throughout the temperate zones .	Past
Latin manuscripts of the New Testament are handwritten copies of translations from the Greek originals .	Past
The lowest numbers are allocated to the gospels , and to the most complete manuscripts .	Past
In practice , citation of manuscript evidence implies any of several methodologies .	Pres
The ideal , but most costly , method is physical inspection of the manuscript itself ; alternatively , published photographs or facsimile editions may be inspected .	Past
This method involves paleographical analysis — interpretation of handwriting , incomplete letters and even reconstruction of lacunae .	Pres
More typically , editions of manuscripts are consulted , which have done this paleographical work already .	Past
Hence , some codices are cited as manuscript witnesses " both " to the Vetus Latina and to the Vulgate .	Past
The table below employs the following conventions .	Pres
An additional piece of cloth or similar lure was also tied on the end of the wand to assist in controlling the flock .	Past
The game 's flight simulator quite convincingly portrays the flying characteristics of an AV-8B Harrier II jet .	Pres
The game in the SVGA release was re-branded to SVGA Harrier .	Past
The game was banned in Australia due to protests from the Catholic Teachers Federation , on the grounds that the game is offensive to East Timorese .	Past
He guided the merger of COSTIND with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in 2008 .	Past
In 2009 , he drew international attention after being named one of China 's 40 most powerful people by " BusinessWeek " .	Past
His talents attracted the attention of William Randolph Hearst , and in 1919 Neylan negotiated Hearst 's purchase of the Call newspaper and became its publisher .	Past
A 12-cylinder engine was promised , but this never materialized .	Past
Many Davises were exported , and a Davis placed first in a hill climb in Madrid , Spain in 1917 .	Past
The fortunes of the Davis company waned later in the 1920s .	Past
Due to bad weather conditions , it was relocated to the Deutschlandhalle .	Past
In 1982 , a canopy costing 200,000 € was erected over the stage , providing both a visual and an acoustic barrier .	Past
Concert promoter Peter Schwenkow leased it from 1981 until the end of 2008 , when the lease was transferred to CTS Eventim .	Past
On that same spot during the day , one sees only endless ranchland covered in short grass , mesquite , juniper , and the black Angus .	Pres
Not even a water tower dots the horizon from the Bradley 3 .	Pres
She cooks all three meals for the ranch , sometimes serving a half-dozen persons .	Pres
Bradley , supplied the steaks for the January 20 , 2001 , presidential inauguration of George W. Bush .	Past
Nevertheless , Bradley rejects the role of " pioneer for women " .	Pres
Bradley was honored principally for her role in encouraging women to enter the fields of livestock breeding and management .	Past
She teaches students in the ranch management program at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth .	Pres
We 've gone from 250 cows to about 400 cows and that takes some work .	Past
The award recognizes a TSCRA member with outstanding land-management activities .	Pres
Bradley protects the forage that feeds her beef and the brush that sustains the wildlife population .	Pres
Bradley contends that the Angus have been good to her .	Pres
In an interview with screenwriter Anne Rapp , Bradley acknowledged , " Most women don 't want to live out this far .	Past
Ryan McCombs explains meaning of the song " It was written about them ( the bandmates ) , to be honest .	Pres
I don ’ t think it was anybody ’ s fault .	Pres
Even when I joined Drowning Pool and they started attacking Drowning Pool , none of the guys in the band ever commented or replied .	Past
The Michael Monroe record Sensory Overdrive topped the Finnish albums chart on its first week of release and spent 22 weeks in the Top 4 .	Past
Port is governed by the port authority managed by Ukrainian Sea Ports Authority .	Past
The cargo turnover of Mariupol seaport in 2016 amounted to 7,6 million tons , the capacity of Mariupol seaport reaches 18,8 million tons / year .	Past
Oracle SQL Developer supports Oracle products .	Pres
Oracle SQL Developer supports automatic tabs , code insight , bracket matching and syntax coloring for PL / SQL .	Pres
He emigrated to the United States in the mid 80s , at the conclusion of Martial law in Poland .	Past
He resides in Los Angeles .	Pres
The enterprise performs the repair of sea and river vessels .	Pres
The yard also manufactures spare parts for all kinds of vessels .	Pres
All the ports of the former USSR were equipped with oil-skimming ships by Azov Shipyard .	Past
Azov Shipyard produces the hoisting and handling equipment and metal structures .	Pres
The following September , the National Football League canceled the All-Stars franchise .	Past
In 2003 his tomb was cleaned by British Egyptologists and was found to contain an inscription with important historical significance .	Past
It also emphasizes Sobeknakht II 's important role in protecting the Theban dynasty from being destroyed during this tumultuous period .	Pres
In 1769 he explored the Ohio River and Mississippi River with his older brother , Hancock Taylor , travelling from Pittsburgh to New Orleans .	Past
He was discharged as a lieutenant colonel on September 12 , 1781 .	Past
The troops commandeered livestock and hay for the army .	Past
By 1800 , Taylor had enlarged " Springfield " to by 1800 .	Past
He donated for the creation of Taylorsville , Kentucky , which was named in his honor .	Past
Huth and his wife organize " IceDome " , an annual summer training camp in Oberstdorf .	Pres
A number of concerns and controversies surfaced before , during , and after the 2008 Summer Olympics , and which received major media coverage .	Past
Increased security was put into place for the Olympics , and security personnel were trained to counter different terrorist attack scenarios .	Past
Equally , " The Washington Post " interviewed several black bar patrons in Sanlitun , all of whom said they had not been denied service .	Past
By doing this , Beijing hoped to clean up its image in time for the games .	Past
The government circulated pamphlets urging officers to desist from using foul language , being arrogant , and hanging up on people who call to report crimes .	Past
A number of sportsmen were criticised for their behaviour at the games :	Past
Chinese coach Lu Shanzhen explained that Chinese competitors had for years all been small .	Past
While the FIG investigation was in progress , the IOC indicated reshuffling of the medals was unlikely .	Past
In 2010 , the FIG erased Dong 's scores , and the IOC stripped China of its team bronze for 2000 .	Past
Liu Xiang , the defending Olympic champion for the 110 meter hurdles , had pulled out of the heats with an injury .	Past
2008 Summer Olympics migrant workers routinely endured dangerous work environments and lacked any safety net , including medical and accident insurance .	Past
The Tibetan People 's Movement has also demanded representation of Tibet with its own national flag .	Past
The international journalist group Reporters Without Borders ( RSF ) advocated boycott to express concerns over violations of free speech and human rights in China .	Past
It hoped that international pressure could effect the release of prisoners of conscience and the upholding of promises made to the IOC regarding improvements in human rights .	Past
French goods and businesses were threatened with a reprisals for the assault on torch-bearers through Paris , France .	Past
French retailer Carrefour was boycotted , and there were flag burning protests outside some stores .	Past
Foreign media , particularly CNN , was severely criticised for its reporting of the Tibetan riots .	Past
Chinese authorities apologised for the incident involving the Japanese journalists , and registered concern from the British embassy and the IOC with the latter incident .	Past
On 14 August , the IOC urged China to allow foreign reporters to report freely at the games .	Past
However , the FCCC was " alarmed at the use of violence , intimidation and harassment outside " .	Past
Hu had criticised China 's hosting of the Olympics by comparing it to Nazi Germany hosting the Berlin Olympics .	Past
The United States Olympic Committee imported food for American athletes , citing concerns regarding the safety of food products produced in China .	Past
The United States Olympic Committee 's plan to bring its own food to China disappointed the leader of food services for the Beijing Olympics .	Past
In spite of such efforts , several countries indicated that their athletes would arrive at the games as late as possible to limit exposure to pollution .	Past
Media concerns of air quality has also subsided as the Games progressed .	Past
Prior to the Games , officials anticipated two million tourists , of which one-third would be from overseas .	Past
Chinese officials cited the Sichuan earthquake , riots in Tibet , torch relay protests and the subprime mortgage crisis as factors .	Past
Locally , many people anticipated that Beijing would be too crowded during the Games .	Past
Businesses avoided scheduling meetings during these two weeks , and potential Chinese visitors decided to stay at home and watch the events on TV .	Past
Initially , many hotel owners invested heavily for the Olympics .	Past
One foreign Olympics consultant was quoted as saying " they made it hard to get tickets and hard to get visas .	Past
The empty seats angered athletes of countries outside China , who had been told that 80 percent of tickets had been reserved for the Chinese .	Past
The Ram River is characterized by numerous waterfalls and deep canyons throughout its course .	Past
It is first bridged by Alberta Highway 734 , and again by a secondary road above its confluence with the North Saskatchewan River .	Past
Influences for the setting have been speculated as Dark Sun meets H.P .	Past
The type arose between the 6th and the 10th centuries and was revived in the 16th-19th century .	Past
The monks seem to have relocated to the newly founded Utstein Abbey on the island of Mosterøy not far from Stavanger .	Pres
He clashed with Manhunter during a bank robbery , but quickly surrendered when he recognized her as the hero who had reportedly killed Copperhead .	Past
After graduation , he volunteered to work as a journalist at Xinhua News Agency in Tibet , and spent 14 years there .	Past
It builds civil and military infrastructure for the Government of Pakistan and the Pakistan Armed Forces .	Pres
In the late 1960s , the Government of Pakistan and Government of China wished to construct a road link between Pakistan and the China .	Past
Boucher also knew J. Francis McComas , an editor who shared his interest in fantasy and sf .	Past
In August the following year the schedule switched to monthly .	Past
Ferman was considering combining them into a single magazine and publishing them alongside " F & SF " , but Cohen decided to keep both titles .	Pres
The focus was on short fiction ; serials and novels were mainly avoided .	Past
Joseph Ferman 's son , Edward Ferman , was managing editor during Davidson 's tenure as editor .	Pres
In 2007 , Ashley commented that " F & SF " had been " the most consistently enjoyable magazine of the last 50 years " .	Past
However , they once inhabited almost the entire Murray-Darling basin , Australia 's largest river system , in very great numbers .	Past
Very large fish tend towards a speckled grey-green colouration .	Pres
Murray cod are very long-lived , which is characteristic of many freshwater native fish in Australia .	Past
Wild Murray cod in impoundments like Lake Mulwala , with their faster growth rates , do not reach sexual maturity until they are well over in length .	Past
Spawning is preceded by significant upstream migrations if high spring flows or floods allow .	Past
Decades of observations by recreational and commercial fishermen suggest such spring spawning migrations are common across the Murray cod 's geographical range .	Pres
Spawning is initiated by pairing up and courtship rituals .	Past
The female lays the large adhesive eggs as a mat on the spawning surface , which the male fertilises .	Pres
( Significant recruitment of Murray cod in low-flow conditions in less regulated lowland rivers has now been proven . )	Past
By the 1920s Murray cod had been overfished to the point where large-scale commercial fishing operations were no longer feasible .	Past
River regulation for irrigation has reversed these natural flow patterns , with negative effects on the breeding and recruitment of Murray cod .	Past
Small and medium floods including the once annual spring flood-pulse have been completely eliminated .	Past
Such temperature suppression typically extends several hundred kilometres downstream .	Pres
Blackwater events are emerging as a very serious threat to wild Murray cod stocks in lowland river reaches .	Pres
This is exacerbated by removal of riparian ( riverbank ) vegetation which causes siltation and degrades river ecosystems in many ways .	Past
Hands should also be wetted before touching them .	Past
They must not be hung vertically by the mouth or gill covers . )	Past
" Lernaea " puncture wounds are often secondarily infected by bacteria .	Past
The cod is eventually speared near the terminus of the Murray River , chopped into pieces , and the pieces thrown back into the river .	Past
The fetishization of gynoids in real life has been attributed to male desires for custom-made passive women , and has been compared to life-size sex dolls .	Past
However , some science fiction works depict them as femmes fatales that fight the establishment or are rebellious .	Pres
A long tradition exists in literature of	Pres
" The Bionic Woman " television series coined the word " fembot " .	Past
The 1987 science-fiction cult film " Cherry 2000 " also portrayed a gynoid character which was described by the male protagonist as his " perfect partner " .	Past
The stereotypical role of wifedom has also been explored through use of gynoids .	Past
Sexual interest in gynoids and fembots has been attributed to fetishisation of technology , and compared to sadomasochism in that it reorganizes the social risk of sex .	Past
Isaac Asimov writes that his robots were generally sexually neutral and that giving the majority masculine names was not an attempt to comment on gender .	Pres
Loíza belongs to the geographical region called the Coastal Plains of the North .	Pres
Like all municipalities in Puerto Rico , Loíza is administered by a mayor .	Past
The city belongs to the Puerto Rico Senatorial district VIII , which is represented by two Senators .	Pres
The crown symbolizes the famous Taína Chief Yuisa , who lived in Loíza territory where he died .	Pres
Like all other municipalities , education in Loíza is administered by the Department of Education of Puerto Rico .	Past
In the 1890s a modern version was invented by Vencel József Schunda , a Budapest instrument maker .	Past
Manufacturing in Hungary ceased after World War II , though tárogatós continued to be made in Romania and other countries .	Past
No such instrument as a " taragossa " exists : the rest of the journal 's description fits that of the tárogató .	Pres
Joe Lovano has also displayed interest in the instrument featuring it extensively in his episode of " " and on the album " Mostly Coltrane " .	Past
His wife sparked an interest in history , a subject that he had disliked at school .	Past
He was fascinated by the details of faults and grain boundaries in metals , and developed theoretical models of them .	Past
One of Smith 's first papers for the commission recommended that it concentrate on the development of fast breeder reactors and high flux reactors .	Past
He lectured about this at the Smithsonian Institution 's Freer Gallery of Art and the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery in Washington , DC .	Past
It also embodied a conversational strategy , and as such was a much more serious and advanced program than ELIZA .	Past
PARRY was tested in the early 1970s using a variation of the Turing Test .	Past
A group of experienced psychiatrists analysed a combination of real patients and computers running PARRY through teleprinters .	Past
It housed the soul tablets of the ancestors of the villagers and the villagers went there to worship .	Past
After four years of devastating warfare , the uprising was suppressed , and Jews were forbidden access to Jerusalem .	Past
The conditions of diaspora in the former case were premised on the free exercise of citizenship or resident alien status .	Past
Galut implies by comparison living as a denigrated minority , stripped of such rights , in the host society .	Pres
Stéphane Dufoix , in surveying the textual evidence , draws the following conclusion :	Pres
In Zionist debates a distinction was made between " galut " and " golus / gola " .	Pres
Their presence was buttressed by numerous Jewish administrators who joined them in Egypt 's military and urban centres .	Past
Under the Hasmonean princes , who were at first high priests and then kings , the Jewish state displayed even a certain luster and annexed several territories .	Past
In 63 BCE Pompey invaded Jerusalem , the Jewish people lost their political sovereignty and independence , and Gabinius subjected the Jewish people to tribute .	Past
John R. Bartlett rejects Baron 's figures entirely , arguing that we have no clue as to the size of the Jewish demographic in the ancient world .	Pres
After the revolt , the Jewish religious and cultural center shifted to the Babylonian Jewish community and its scholars .	Past
Following the Bar Kokhba revolt Jews were reduced to a wholly diaspora people .	Past
Erich S. Gruen maintains for example that focusing on the destruction of the Temple misses the point that already before this , the diaspora was well established .	Pres
In Josephus ' own words , he had informed " the remotest Arabians " about the destruction .	Past
These slaves and their children were eventually manumitted and joined local free communities .	Past
It has been argued that the archaeological evidence is suggestive of a Roman genocide taking place during the Second revolt .	Past
Goldstein argues that the Technion and Ramban mtDNA studies fail to actually establish a statistically significant link between modern Jews and historic Middle Eastern populations .	Pres
In conclusion the authors are stating that the genetic results are concordant " with the dispersion of the people of ancient Israel throughout the Old World " .	Pres
Those who chose not to convert , between 40,000 and 100,000 , were expelled from Spain in 1492 in the wake of the Alhambra decree .	Past
Some relocated to the United States , establishing the country 's first organized community of Jews and erecting the United States ' first synagogue .	Past
They are distinguished by the form of Judaism which they observe .	Past
Rabbinic Jews of varying communities have affiliated with the Karaite community throughout the millennia .	Past
Karaite Judaism recognizes the Tanakh as the single religious authority for the Jewish people .	Pres
Karaite Jews strive to adhere to the plain or most obvious understanding of the text when interpreting the Tanakh .	Pres
Jews of Israel comprise an increasingly mixed wide range of Jewish communities making aliyah from Europe , North Africa , and elsewhere in the Middle East .	Pres
Although the Sephardim spoke Ladino ( i.e .	Past
Hence , differences between the Jewish communities can be overlooked when non-Jews are included in the comparisons . "	Past
have remarked on an especially close relationship of Ashkenazi Jews and modern Italians .	Past
How burned , how blasted must our portion be ,	Past
If seed like this is withered in its soil .	Past
In this matter Sternhell distinguishes two schools of thought in Zionism .	Pres
Rabbi Tzvi Elimelech of Dinov ( Bnei Yissaschar , Chodesh Kislev , 2 : 25 ) explains that each exile was characterized by a different negative aspect :	Pres
In general , these populations are shrinking due to low growth rates and high rates of emigration ( particularly since the 1960s ) .	Pres
Figures for Russia and other CIS countries are but educated guesses . "	Pres
In fact , writers often drew inspiration from Greek and Roman sources such as Aesop 's Fables and Plutarch 's Lives .	Past
He devoted his spare time to literature , and in 1782 , he published an attack on Thomas Warton 's " History of English Poetry " .	Past
Ritson usually spared no pains himself to ensure accuracy in the texts of old songs , ballads and metrical romances which he edited .	Past
His collection of the Robin Hood ballads is perhaps his greatest single achievement .	Pres
By session 1909-10 234 students were studying at University College , 101 of whom were female .	Pres
Kipling implored those who had lost their sons in the Great War to consider giving a donation so that their names would live on .	Past
However , many buildings survive from Dundee 's period as a university college and as a constituent college of St Andrews University .	Pres
The University of Dundee is organised under the provisions of its Royal Charter , which granted the university its independence in 1967 .	Past
The present holder of the position is record-breaking cyclist Mark Beaumont , who assumed the position on 25 January 2016 .	Pres
As of 1 August 2015 , the University of Dundee is organised into nine schools containing multiple disciplines .	Past
It is instead affiliated to the Coalition of Higher Education Students in Scotland ( CHESS ) and the National Postgraduate Committee .	Past
In addition the DUSA facilitates the creation of student societies , as of 2016 there are over 140 student-led societies on campus .	Pres
With the closure and re-building of West Park Hall in 2005 , all of the halls are now self catered en-suite .	Past
The University 's cultural and historic collections are looked after by Museum Services and Archive Services .	Past
The collections are cared for by Museum Services .	Past
This body promotes the various departments of the university involved in cultural activity and runs an annual culture day of short public lectures .	Pres
He was articled to a solicitor , and eventually set up as a conveyancer at Staple Inn , where he had a large practice .	Past
This , which is known as the first variorum , was re-issued ten years later .	Past
After his death , his library of theatrical literature was catalogued for sale as " Bibliotheca Reediana " ( 1807 ) .	Past
Schmidhuber frequently criticizes modern deep learning researchers such as Yann LeCun for allegedly understating the contributions of Schmidhuber and other early machine learning pioneers .	Pres
LeCun denies the charge , stating instead that Schmidhuber " keeps claiming credit he doesn 't deserve " .	Pres
In 1900 he edited an edition of Shelley 's works .	Past
Schmidhuber characterizes low-complexity art as the computer age equivalent of minimal art .	Pres
He assumes that any observer continually tries to improve the predictability and compressibility of the observations by discovering regularities such as repetitions and symmetries and fractal self-similarity .	Pres
The principles can be implemented on artificial agents which then exhibit a form of artificial curiosity .	Past
The larger context provided by the histories of both art and science suggests that low-complexity art will continue to be a topic of growing interest .	Pres
Digital physics suggests that there exists , at least in principle , a program for a universal computer that computes the evolution of the universe .	Pres
Paola Zizzi has formulated a realization of this concept in what has come to be called " computational loop quantum gravity " , or CLQG .	Past
Known physical laws ( including quantum mechanics and its continuous spectra ) are very much infused with real numbers and the mathematics of the continuum .	Past
In short , he thinks that “ within each universe all observable quantities are discrete , but the multiverse as a whole is a continuum .	Pres
The report also strongly criticized the decision making process that led to the launch of " Challenger " , saying that it was seriously flawed .	Past
Feynman 's own investigation reveals a disconnect between NASA 's engineers and executives that was far more striking than he expected .	Pres
His interviews of NASA 's high-ranking managers revealed startling misunderstandings of elementary concepts .	Pres
Feynman was disturbed by two aspects of this practice .	Past
Feynman pointed out that it is impossible to calculate such a remote possibility with any scientific rigor .	Past
His fellow commission members were alarmed by Feynman 's dissent , and it was only after much petitioning that Feynman 's minority report was included at all .	Past
The unrealistically optimistic launch schedule pursued by NASA had been criticized by the Rogers Commission as a possible contributing cause to the accident .	Past
Highway Patrol chief Dan Mathews usually wears a suit and fedora , but not to be undercover — he generally drives a black-and-white patrol car .	Pres
Like most Ziv series , " Highway Patrol " repeats were syndicated for many years , sometimes with name " Ten-4 " .	Past
The style of these closings evolved slightly over time .	Past
On stage and in music videos , such as that for " Evapor-8 " , Altern-8 's members wore facemasks and chemical warfare suits .	Past
In 1994 , Peat and Archer parted ways .	Past
These people never wasted their lives waiting for the next punk to arrive .	Past
" This is about people with Kraftwerk and Pierre , Transmat and WARP , 808 , 909 and 303 encoded in their DNA .	Past
If you don 't understand it , you don 't deserve to .	Pres
Broadcast 3 October 1990 , the first episode examines the various methods by which creatures come into the world .	Pres
The problems of larger animals are illustrated by snow geese in the Arctic , which have to defend their eggs from Arctic foxes .	Past
Such behaviour is exhibited on a larger scale by elephants , where all females take an interest in raising a single calf .	Past
Albatrosses must be accomplished fliers as soon as possible — chicks are shown being hunted by tiger sharks .	Past
Broadcast 24 October 1990 , this episode looks at those that hunt other creatures and ways of avoiding capture .	Pres
Some animals advertise their defensive measures in advance , in case deployment occurs too late .	Pres
The final sequence depicts a troop of chimpanzees displaying strategy and co-ordination as it successfully pursues colobus monkeys through a forest in the Ivory Coast .	Pres
Broadcast 7 November 1990 , this instalment deals with how animals construct their shelters from the elements and predators .	Pres
Broadcast 14 November 1990 , this episode focuses on those species that co-operate and depend on ( or exploit ) others .	Pres
However , some microscopic creatures inhabit the stomachs of large herbivores in order to break down the cellulose of their diet , thereby aiding their digestion .	Pres
The midas cichlid on the other hand , has no weapons to speak of , and so uses its mouth to hold on for trials of strength .	Past
Animals that possess lethal food-gathering weapons usually don 't use them against one another , as neither side wishes to risk death .	Pres
Broadcast 28 November 1990 , this instalment investigates the ways in which those animals that live in social groups interact with each other .	Pres
The solitary eagle is contrasted with whooper swans landing in Scotland after a 1,600-kilometre journey from Iceland .	Past
Afterwards , each animal peacefully awaits its turn at the carcass .	Pres
While some look for food or sleep , others are always posted on the lookout for predators and quickly raise the alarm if necessary .	Past
Broadcast 5 December 1990 , this episode concentrates on animal communication .	Pres
The tribesman extracts the honey , and some is left to reward the bird .	Pres
Some creatures transmit their presence by display , and Attenborough observes thousands of fireflies illuminating the darkness .	Pres
Sounds travel faster and further underwater , and over 200 species of fish use them to communicate .	Pres
They converse with a series of ultrasonic clicks , and each has a family call inherited from its mother : effectively a ' surname ' .	Pres
Broadcast 12 December 1990 , this programme surveys the methods employed in attracting a mate , mainly those of birds .	Pres
However , the blue-footed booby reassures its chosen mate by continually lifting its feet .	Pres
The bowerbird invites potential partners to inspect its bower : a specially prepared area that contains a hut or walkway augmented by strikingly coloured objects .	Pres
The intricate dances performed by manakins in Trinidad are also examined .	Past
Finally , Attenborough observes the topi 's display courts , whose sharply defined boundaries are jealously guarded by rival males .	Pres
It is narrated by David Attenborough .	Past
After six weeks , the crew chanced upon a school of spinner dolphins , which in turn led them to a shoal of tuna .	Past
Off Mexico , the behaviour of a flock of frigatebirds guided the cameramen to a group of sailfish and marlin : the fastest inhabitants of the sea .	Past
Meanwhile , in Monterey Bay , orca were documented attacking gray whales and killing a calf .	Past
When first transmitted on BBC One , over 12 million people watched the series and it regularly achieved an audience share of over 30 % .	Past
The first DVD has now been superseded by a 4-disc Special Edition ( BBCDVD1792 , released 3 October 2005 ) , which has three extra programmes :	Past
It screened in more than from 2003 to 2005 and grossed over at the box office .	Past
which toured the UK from 2006 to 2008 .	Past
The series attracted some criticism when it was revealed that some of the footage was filmed at an aquarium in Wales .	Past
Each of the six 30-minute episodes ( except the last ) examines how species cope with life on the Antarctic continent during the year .	Pres
Then , in the summer , creatures such as seals and penguins struggle to raise their young before winter once again sets in .	Pres
I jumped into a seal hole , pushing the ice away as I entered , and they handed me my camera .	Past
Surprisingly , I wasn 't too cold , except around where my mouth held on to my regulator , and that instantly froze and became numb .	Pres
Everything above me on the land was roaring with wind and down there , there was absolutely no sound except for the distant trills of Weddell seals .	Pres
Many of them eat the abundant krill ( which in turn feed on phytoplankton and ice-algae ) .	Pres
The sea ice extends for hundreds of miles around the continent , but there are a few subantarctic islands that escape it .	Pres
Such places are highly valued , for as the sea never freezes , animals can always get ashore .	Past
Snow petrels fly many miles into the island to find rock on which to lay their eggs .	Pres
Broadcast 2 December 1993 , this instalment looks at the summer , when almost all life in the region breeds .	Pres
The summer also thaws some of the ice on the continent 's shores .	Pres
At Cape Royds , the most southernly colony of Adelie penguins is virtually emptied as adults lead their newly feathered young to the sea .	Past
While others retreat , emperors migrate not just to the ice , but into Antarctica itself .	Pres
Attenborough contrasts the transportation used by Scott ( initially motor sledge , ponies and dogs before ending up on foot ) with today 's helicopters .	Pres
Alastair Fothergill responded by threatening to sue .	Past
Each of the ten 50-minute episodes discusses how the huge variety of birds in the world deal with a different aspect of their day-to-day existence .	Pres
Computer animation is utilised in the first episode to illustrate extinct species , such as the terror bird and the moa .	Past
Production was suddenly halted during a trip to New Zealand in 1997 when Attenborough 's wife , Jane , died :	Past
" The next filming trip for the " Birds " series was , of course , cancelled .	Past
The film of some of the programmes had been edited but none of the commentaries had yet been written .	Past
Its ancestry can be traced through reptiles , and some current species , such as the flying lizard , possibly show paths this evolution may have taken .	Past
Also depicted is the moa , another huge creature that is now gone .	Past
Conversely , the barn owl owes its predatory success to flying slowly , while the kestrel spots its quarry by hovering .	Pres
The habits of migratory birds are explored .	Past
They are contrasted with hawks and vultures , which glide overland on warm air , and therefore have to stop overnight .	Past
Plants recruit birds to aid pollination , and offer nectar as a reward .	Pres
Crows are hailed as being among the most intelligent birds , and one is shown using a twig to spear a grub within a fallen log .	Past
Broadcast 11 November 1998 , this episode examines those birds whose sustenance comes from flesh and their methods of hunting .	Pres
In New Zealand , Attenborough observes keas , parrots that do not eat meat exclusively , raiding a shearwater 's burrow for a chick .	Pres
Eagles defend their territory vigorously , and a pair of sea eagles are shown engaging in an aerial battle .	Pres
The lammergeier eats bones , and will drop them on to rocks from a great height in order to break them down to a digestible size .	Pres
The dipper swims completely below water to search for food , whereas the kingfisher uses a ' harpoon ' technique , diving from a vantage point .	Pres
A colony of fieldfares in Sweden deters a raven from raiding a nest by collectively raising an audible alarm .	Pres
However , in an English wood , all species co-operate to warn each other surreptitiously of approaching danger .	Pres
The members of the finch family exemplify how colour aids recognition .	Pres
In Patagonia , Attenborough demonstrates the effectiveness of sound : he summons a Magellanic woodpecker by knocking on a tree .	Pres
Saddlebacks vary their calls so that even individuals from different areas can be identified .	Pres
Broadcast 2 December 1998 , this programme discusses mating rituals .	Pres
The cock-of-the-rock , which dances solo within a group , is contrasted with the team performance of the manakin .	Past
In this regard , the rhea and the phalarope are highlighted as unusual because in both instances , it is the male that incubates the eggs .	Past
The bowerbird puts on one of the most elaborate displays : a hut-like construction , completed by a collection of objects designed to impress .	Pres
Broadcast 9 December 1998 , this episode explores the lengths to which birds will go to ensure that their chicks are brought into the world .	Pres
External temperatures dictate how the eggs are incubated .	Pres
Broadcast 16 December 1998 , the penultimate installment concentrates on the ways in which birds rear their offspring .	Pres
Broadcast 23 December 1998 , the final programme investigates the challenges that must be surmounted if birds are to survive .	Pres
The crab plover also nests in the sand , and burrows until it finds a comfortable temperature .	Pres
When a signal formula _ 9 is fully periodic with period formula _ 10 , then the signal exactly satisfies	Pres
Stated differently these functions of time are bandlimited to much less than the fundamental frequency for formula _ 9 to be considered to be quasiperiodic .	Past
The officeholder fulfils several important functions in relation to the operation of the House , which is based upon the Westminster parliamentary system .	Pres
This involves overseeing the order in which business is conducted , and determining who should speak at what time .	Pres
An important part of the Speaker 's role is enforcing discipline in the House .	Pres
The Speaker defers to ' Standing Orders ' , which are the written rules of conduct governing the business of the House .	Pres
The Clerk of the House , who sits directly in front of the Speaker , assists the Speaker in making such rulings .	Past
By convention , Speakers have traditionally been addressed inside the debating chamber as " Mr Speaker " or " Madam Speaker " .	Past
The Speaker chairs three select committees :	Pres
The Business Committee chaired by the Speaker controls the organisation of the business of the House .	Pres
In 1993 , Peter Tapsell ( a member of the Labour Party ) was backed by the National Party for the same reason .	Past
The election of a speaker is presided over by the Clerk of the House .	Past
Upon election the Speaker is customarily ' dragged ' to the front of the House .	Past
Originally , speakers wore a gown and formal wig in the chamber .	Past
The Speaker now generally wears what they feel appropriate , usually an academic gown of their highest held degree or a Māori cloak .	Pres
† indicates Speaker died in office .	Pres
He invented and designed the first modern interrupt system , which Digital called the " Sequence Break " .	Past
The section of the book covering Fredkin was excerpted in " The Atlantic Monthly " in April 1988 .	Past
Nearly 45 years after it was made , the machine jumped to life !	Past
According to biographer Robert Wright , the character Stephen Falken in the film , " WarGames " , was modeled after Fredkin .	Past
They forage actively in trees or shrubs , mainly eating insects , insect eggs and spiders .	Pres
T. W. Craik suggests a date of 1508 while MacCracken offers sometime in the late 15th century .	Pres
These elementary particles mediate the weak interaction ; the respective symbols are , , and .	Pres
The two W bosons are verified mediators of neutrino absorption and emission .	Past
During these processes , the W boson charge induces electron or positron emission or absorption , thus causing nuclear transmutation .	Pres
The Z boson mediates the transfer of momentum , spin and energy when neutrinos scatter " elastically " from matter ( a process which conserves charge ) .	Pres
In this process , the neutrino simply strikes the electron and then scatters away from it , transferring some of the neutrino 's momentum to the electron .	Pres
Their high masses limit the range of the weak interaction .	Pres
Following the spectacular success of quantum electrodynamics in the 1950s , attempts were undertaken to formulate a similar theory of the weak nuclear force .	Past
The model predicts that W and Z bosons have the following masses :	Pres
The huge Gargamelle bubble chamber photographed the tracks of a few electrons suddenly starting to move , seemingly of their own accord .	Past
This is interpreted as a neutrino interacting with the electron by the exchange of an unseen Z boson .	Past
Neglecting phase space effects and higher order corrections , simple estimates of their branching fractions can be calculated from the coupling constants .	Past
The various " V " denote the corresponding CKM matrix coefficients .	Past
Unitarity of the CKM matrix implies that	Pres
John Wynkyn de Worde is reflected in the character of " William de Worde " in Terry Pratchett 's " Discworld " series .	Past
While securing the requires quota , Mukherjee secured 558,194 votes to Sangma 's 239,966 .	Past
After the final results were published , Mukherjee secured 7,13,424 value of votes , while P. A. Sangma secured 3,17,032 values of votes .	Past
In South America , they extend through subtropical eastern Brazil well into temperate northern Argentina .	Pres
Their American range extends north to southern Mexico .	Pres
However , many scientists have advocated for the reverse arrangement , where Apoda is used as the name for modern caecilian groups .	Past
For some species , the young caecilians are already metamorphosed when they hatch ; others hatch as larvae .	Past
The foetus is fed inside the female with cells lining the oviduct , which they eat with special scraping teeth .	Past
Caecilians in captivity can be easily fed with earthworms , and worms are also common in the habitat of many caecilian species .	Past
It deals with the subject of the proper disciplinary treatment of children , raising the threat of the evil of those raised without strict discipline .	Pres
It portrays a young man who is eager to marry despite his father 's objections , and the unhappiness of his subsequent married life .	Pres
In opposition , PASOK underwent a leadership crisis when Andreas Papandreou was prosecuted over his supposed involvement in the Bank of Crete scandal .	Past
He was eventually acquitted and , in a dramatic reversal of fortunes , at the October 1993 elections he led the party to another landslide victory .	Past
He was criticized for his soft stance against Turkey and especially for praising in public the American intervention on the issue .	Past
During the leadership election of 11 November 2007 George Papandreou was re-elected by the friends and members of the party as its leader .	Past
After the elections of 6 May 2012 , the President of Greece , Karolos Papoulias , mandated New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras to form a coalition government .	Past
After Tsipras was also unable to form a government , Evangelos Venizelos was mandated , but he too had no success .	Past
PASOK MEPs sit with the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats ( S & D ) group in the European Parliament .	Pres
Hsiang-shan County ( ; also spelt Siang-shan or Heungshan ) was a county in southern China .	Past
This was permitted by the Ming dynasty , but despite the Portuguese presence , Macau was still under the jurisdiction of Xiangshan . )	Past
Originally a county-level city , Zhongshan was elevated to prefecture level in January 1988 .	Past
The universal prior is calculated for all computable sequences — this is the universal a priori probability distribution ;	Past
Marcus Hutter 's universal artificial intelligence builds upon this to calculate the expected value of an action .	Pres
Though Solomonoff 's inductive inference is not computable , several AIXI-derived algorithms approximate it in order to make it run on a modern computer .	Pres
Kleene also demanded that such an algorithm must eventually exhibit " some object " ( Kleene 1952 : 137 ) .	Past
Their utilization for inference and learning allows achieving higher efficiency and better reflects learning of people ( Burgin and Klinger , 2004 ) .	Pres
Some researchers confuse computations of inductive Turing machines with non-stopping computations or with infinite time computations .	Pres
First , some of computations of inductive Turing machines halt .	Pres
Namely , an inductive Turing machine produces output from time to time and once this output stops changing , it is considered the result of the computation .	Pres
Evolutionary approach to inductive inference is accomplished by another class of automata called evolutionary inductive Turing machines ( Burgin and Eberbach , 2009 ; 2012 ) .	Past
It has been inscribed on the UNESCO 's Representative List of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity .	Past
To prevent the asuras from seizing the amrita , a divine carrier flew away with the pot .	Past
The sadhus were heavily militarized , and also participated in trade .	Past
The clashes subsided after the Company administration severely limited the trader-warrior role of the sadhus , who were increasingly reduced to begging .	Past
A few Christian missionaries also preached at the Mela .	Past
The order of entering the water for bathing is fixed , with the Juna , the Niranjani and Mahanirvani akharas preceding .	Past
The sadhus are seen clad in saffron sheets with Vibhuti ashes dabbed on their skin as per the requirements of ancient traditions .	Past
Unlike the philosophy of action and other forms of interpretative sociology , structuration focuses on structure rather than production exclusively .	Pres
Unlike functionalism , in which structures and their virtual synonyms , " systems " , comprise organisations , structuration sees structures and systems as separate concepts .	Pres
Unlike Marxism , structuration avoids an overly restrictive concept of " society " and Marxism 's reliance on a universal " motor of history " ( i.e .	Pres
Structuration thus recognizes a social cycle .	Pres
In examining social systems , structuration theory examines " structure " , " modality " , and " interaction " .	Pres
The " modality " ( discussed below ) of a structural system is the means by which structures are translated into actions .	Past
Thus , even the smallest social actions contribute to the alteration or reproduction of social systems .	Pres
Giddens divides memory traces ( " structures-within-knowledgeability " ) into three types :	Pres
Thus , he distinguishes between overall " structures-within-knowledgeability " and the more limited and task-specific " modalities " on which these agents subsequently draw when they interact .	Pres
Giddens draws upon structuralism and post-structuralism in theorizing that structures and their meaning are understood by their differences .	Pres
All humans engage in this process , and expect the same from others .	Pres
To act , agents must be motivated , must be knowledgeable must be able to rationalize the action ; and must reflexively monitor the action .	Past
However , actions are constrained by agents ' inherent capabilities and their understandings of available actions and external limitations .	Past
Agents rationalize , and in doing so , link the agent and the agent 's knowledgeability .	Pres
In this way , structuration theory prioritizes ontology over epistemology .	Pres
In his own work , Giddens focuses on production and reproduction of social practices in some context .	Pres
It employs detailed accounts of agents ' knowledgeability , motivation , and the dialectic of control .	Pres
Rob Stones argued that many aspects of Gidden 's original theory had little place in its modern manifestation .	Past
Margaret Archer objected to the inseparability of structure and agency in structuration theory .	Past
She primarily examined structural frameworks and the action within the limits allowed by those conditions .	Past
Mouzelis reexamined human social action at the " syntagmatic " ( syntactic ) level .	Past
Mouzelis also criticised Giddens ' lack of consideration for social hierarchies .	Past
He argued that Giddens ' concept of rule was too broad .	Past
He requested sharper differentiation between the reproduction of institutions and the reproduction of social structure .	Past
He pointed out the paradoxical relationship between Giddens ' " dialectic of control " and his acknowledgement that constraints may leave an agent with no choice .	Past
He demanded that Giddens better show how wants and desires relate to choice .	Past
Pavlou and Majchrzak argued that research on business-to-business e-commerce portrayed technology as overly deterministic .	Past
They looked beyond technology into organizational structure and practices , and examined the effects on the structure of adapting to new technologies .	Past
The authors recommended measuring long-term adaptations using ethnography , monitoring and other methods to observe causal relationships and generate better predictions .	Past
Falkheimer portrayed PR as a method of communication and action whereby social systems emerge and reproduce .	Pres
Moreover , structuration theory integrates all organizational members in PR actions , integrating PR into all organizational levels rather than a separate office .	Pres
The Siege of the Alcázar commenced and Moscardó held out for General Francisco Franco 's Nationalist forces for 70 days from 22 July to 27 September 1936 .	Past
The political officer of the Republican force informed him that unless he surrendered the Alcazar , Luis would be shot .	Past
" That , " answered his son , " I can do . "	Past
During the siege , a blindfolded Major Rojo approached the badly battered citadel with a white flag on September 9 .	Past
He urged the civilians , the women and children in particular to leave under a white flag .	Past
Franco , however , knew the value of propaganda and authorized Moscardó to wear a special black cloak of mourning for his son over his army uniform .	Past
Their distinctive acid house sound is attributed to their skill at manipulating Roland TB-303 bass synthesisers , using up to six of these machines at once .	Past
These songs tend toward the chillout and lounge genres .	Pres
The next year , 4hero rose again to mainstream visibility with their third studio album as 4hero , " Two Pages " ( 1998 ) .	Past
General Levy briefly collaborated with Rocco Barker of Flesh for Lulu in the band The Space Police .	Past
He collaborated with Madness singer Suggs on his 1998 album " The Three Pyramids Club " , on the track " Girl " .	Past
In 2018 , he collaborated with artists such as Chase & Status , Fedde Le Grand and Spragga Benz .	Past
† Credited to M-Beat featuring General Levy	Past
‡ Credited to General Levy vs Zeus featuring Bally Jagpal	Past
¶ Credited as Ragga Meridional Crew	Past
Although described as having a " techy " feel , techstep 's relationship with techno should not be overstated .	Past
Similarly , quantized drum-machine kit and percussion sounds are favored over naturalistic human breakbeats .	Past
The name of the genre was coined by Ed Rush and Trace , who were both instrumental in shaping the sound of techstep .	Past
Some of the original techstep producers eventually matured into the neurofunk style .	Past
Months later , Adam collaborated with Horx again to release " Shut The Lights Off " with Redman .	Past
Over the past few years Adam has remixed David Guetta , Rihanna , Afrojack , Missy Elliott , Sander van Doorn and Scrufizzer .	Past
Andy C has often organised events where he DJs continuously for six hours .	Past
DMC World DJ Championships Hall of Fame Inductee DJ Craze retains that Andy C is his favorite DJ to hear play drum and bass .	Pres
It rendered ( in total per year ) : £ 83 14s 8d to its feudal overlords .	Past
The Earl redirected the lane to the mill , roughly to the present Park Drive , and his nephew built Bramley House , now almost completely demolished .	Past
The school has recently been entirely refurbished out of doors and decorated throughout indoors .	Past
This has coursed and part snecked Bargate sandstone / red brick quoins and dressings and is Grade II listed .	Past
The village is twinned with Rhens , in Germany .	Past
The blade may be fixed or pivoting .	Past
The " Econome " , invented in 1928 by Victor Pouzet , entails a unique blade design that features two slits .	Past
Considered an icon of Swiss design , it was featured on a 2004 Swiss postage stamp .	Past
The stainless steel handled variant , the Zena Star peeler , was the model popularized by legendary New York City street hawker Joe Ades .	Past
When the slicer is enabled it cuts a normal apple into a helical shape .	Pres
In an industrial setting , potatoes may be peeled using steam jets to loosen the surface skin , followed by a dry abrasion .	Past
The label specializes in ska , punk , oi ! , psychobilly and hardcore bands .	Pres
The plot involves Charlie Manson 's story being misinterpreted by a nomad on a post-apocalyptic Earth .	Pres
Leftöver Crack also addressed these issues explicitly in their song " Gay Rude Boys Unite " .	Past
" You Know How We Do It "	Pres
This settlement is linked to the existence of the vast wet depression around the now-disappeared castle of Epinoy .	Past
At nationalization , the pits and mining facilities were consolidated within the Oignies group .	Past
Located at the rear of the front as a garrison town for both German military and civilians .	Past
Much of the railway network was dismantled in the early 1990s .	Past
The client interface was derided by reviewers as " clunky " and " a busy affair " for its plethora of features .	Past
List updates were posted regularly to the ES5 forums and then updated into the clients by hand .	Past
ES5 distinguished itself by openly supporting its users ' copyright infringement over its network and by actively participating in sharing movies with its users .	Past
ES5 intentionally obscured the details of its company leadership .	Past
Most ES5 press releases quoted company president Ras Kabir who , like most of the company , was nominally based in Jenin in the West Bank .	Pres
Fueling speculation about Cohen 's close involvement , ES5 's unanticipated closing coincided closely with Cohen 's arrest for activity related to sex.com .	Past
While there no public evidence of collusion between ES5 and the MPAA or RIAA , speculation about it dogged ES5 , sowing seeds of distrust .	Past
A P2P Watch Dog post demonstrated a method by which packets from ES5 could be identified and blocked .	Past
Many speculated that the project was engaging in practices such as seeding and streaming of films from ES5 servers and proxying that would not scale .	Past
Eventually , the forum collapsed and a new forum was started by the admin " SharePro . "	Past
On January 24 , 2005 , Stephen Cohen posted a strange message on the ES5 forums asking users to work with him to reinvent the platform :	Past
Within a month , ES5 was completely shut down and dismantled .	Past
Many of the residents commute to work in Arras or the town of Bapaume to the south .	Pres
The village is bypassed to the north and east by the LGV Nord high speed line and the A1 Autoroute .	Past
Dainville is twinned with the following town :	Past
Martial arts can be grouped by type or focus , or alternatively by regional origin .	Past
This article focuses on the latter grouping .	Pres
It bears mention that ceilidhs are common throughout Nova Scotia .	Pres
Bands vary in size but are commonly made up of between 2 and 6 players .	Pres
The Union 's Christmas event , D * * * F * * * * * also involves a ceilidh .	Pres
Ceilidh in England has evolved a little differently from its counterparts elsewhere in Britain and Ireland .	Past
This contrasts with the smoother style and more fluid motion seen in Ireland , Scotland , or ( the walking ) in Contra .	Pres
Many ceilidh dances involve a couple , but this does not limit the number of partners any one dancer has during the ceilidh .	Pres
This aids the selection of the right dance for the right audience .	Pres
The difficulty in organising fixtures under this code and the growing influence of Queen 's Park soon persuaded them to adopt the association code instead .	Past
Hearts drew with Dundee United meaning the last game of the season with the two title challengers playing each other at Tynecastle would be a league decider .	Pres
Continued poor form , however , meant a final day showdown at Rugby Park with Falkirk for SPL survival .	Past
Allan Johnston was sacked in February 2015 after informing the press of his intention to leave in the summer , before discussing this with the board .	Past
The hand rested on a bar over a ball marked KFC .	Past
The club 's away colours have varied greatly over time .	Past
Between 2008 and 2014 , the club manufactured their kits under their own sportswear brand , 1869 .	Past
In October 2018 the club unveiled a special badge for the club 's 150th anniversary .	Past
Only official Scottish League , Scottish Cup , Scottish League Cup and European Competition matches are counted "	Past
The game also puts focus on allowing the player to freely explore its detailed 3D environments , most notably a miniature representation of the United States .	Pres
More difficult tests become available as the player progresses .	Pres
Nintendo 's Genyo Takeda and Makoto Wada acted as Paradigm 's primary technical and design contacts individually .	Past
Shigeru Miyamoto , the producer of " Pilotwings " for the SNES , reprised his role for " Pilotwings 64 " and oversaw the project from Japan .	Past
Similarly , " Pilotwings 64 " prominently demonstrates the graphical features of its own console .	Pres
As Nintendo was in charge of its actual game design , they dictated the aircraft and characters that would be present in the game .	Past
The character Lark is modeled after Nester , a mascot for the North American " Nintendo Power " magazine .	Past
The game was later displayed at the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) in Los Angeles during May 1996 .	Past
The game 's combination of 3D graphics , realistic settings , and flight simulation were applauded by many news sources and major gaming publications .	Past
" Pilotwings 64 " has been criticized for lacking innovative gameplay .	Past
They are traveling north , where Essex hopes to reunite with his brother , Francha ( Thomas Hill ) .	Pres
Essex sees Redstone fleeing the scene and chases him to the sector 's " Information Room . "	Pres
Essex witnesses the murder of Redstone by an Italian gambler named St. Christopher ( Vittorio Gassman ) .	Pres
He visits the hotel and assumes Redstone 's identity .	Pres
Those who are " killed " in game are executed in real life .	Past
Ambrosia , however , insists that Essex be counted as a player in the game since he has assumed Redstone 's identity .	Pres
Essex slits her throat just before she is about to stab him with a hidden knife .	Pres
Grigor reveals that the only prize is the thrill of the game itself .	Pres
But this is transcended by the strong acting and by the great beauty and hyponotic rhythm of the film . "	Past
The women in the DNVP tended to be most concerned with wiping out " trash and dirt " which was their term for pornography and prostitution .	Past
It favoured a monarchist platform and was strongly opposed to the Weimar Republic in domestic affairs and Treaty of Versailles in foreign affairs .	Past
Erzberger sued Helfferich for libel over his statement that Erzberger was " dishonestly combining political activity with his own financial interests " .	Past
In the " Reichstag " election of 4 May 1924 , the DNVP posted its best showing yet , winning 19 % of the vote .	Past
The National Socialist MP General Erich Ludendorff shouted at the pro-Dawes Plan DNVP MPs that " This is a shame for Germany !	Past
Between 1925 and 1928 , the party slightly moderated its tone and actively cooperated in successive governments .	Past
Tirpitz persuaded Hindenburg to run , and though Hindenburg won the election as a non-party candidate , the DNVP strongly supported the Field Marshal .	Past
He argued that a properly patriotic government would not pay any reparations at all and would force the Allies to leave the Rhineland at once .	Past
For that reason we resist the undermining , un-German spirit in all forms , whether it stems from Jewish or other circles .	Pres
In response to losing the motion Von Papen dissolved the " Reichstag " again .	Past
Another DNVP politician was heckled with shouts of " Jew boy ! "	Past
On 30 January 1933 Hugenberg was sworn in by Hindenburg to serve in Hitler 's government as Economics and Agriculture minister as he had requested .	Past
As mentioned above , many prominent DNVP members had long favoured scrapping Weimar 's democracy in favour of an authoritarian system .	Past
Hugenberg argued that " in these earnest times there can no longer be any half-measures ... no compromise , no cowardice " .	Past
Most of these actions clashed with more populist plans of the National Socialists .	Past
As a group the DNF favored the sort of legalised , bureaucratic anti-Semitic discrimination expressed in the Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service .	Past
Hugenberg had forbidden Goerdeler from accepting the office , which led to Goerdeler resigning from the DNVP rather than being expelled .	Past
Shortly thereafter , DNF members were either intimidated into joining the NSDAP or retiring from political life altogether .	Past
No postage stamp is affixed to letters sent by permit mail .	Past
Later travelers also preferred that route , and Mission San Fernando Rey de España was established down in the valley .	Past
In the game 's 57 levels , the player solves puzzles by transferring between vehicles to move objects and bridge gaps .	Pres
The player controls vehicles to destroy buildings , farms , and other structures in the path of a runaway nuclear missile carrier .	Pres
The player fails if the carrier collides with an object .	Pres
The world is portrayed from a three-quarters overhead view .	Past
By finding secrets and activating lights throughout the level , the player raises their score and final medal ranking .	Pres
For instance , the " Mario Kart 64 " " power slide " drift mechanics inspired that of " Blast Corps " dump truck .	Pres
Wakeley championed the drift controls against the rest of the team , who found them aggravating .	Past
Peer Schneider ( " IGN " ) , in particular , lauded the game 's originality in an industry hesitant to take risks .	Past
Reviewers struggled to master the game 's controls .	Past
Schneider likewise overcame his initial concerns to appreciate the complexity of the controls and the differences between the vehicles .	Past
Slo Mo instead asserted that " Over 60 levels and hidden areas within hidden areas give you your money 's worth " .	Past
He likened the slick vehicle animations and metallic elements to " Micro Machines " and Rare 's " R.C .	Past
" EGM " echoed Schneider 's praise of the deep landscapes , which Boyer called " incredible " .	Past
Reviewers disliked the country music tracks with jaw harp .	Past
Four of six " Nintendo Power " reviewers recommended the game .	Past
After praising the game in a 2010 Rare retrospective feature , " Retro Gamer " writers craved a sequel .	Past
King Goujian of Yue was once imprisoned by King Fuchai of Wu after a defeat in war , and Yue later became a tributary state to Wu .	Past
The strength of Wu dwindled , and in 473 BC Goujian launched his strike and completely routed the Wu army .	Past
King Fuchai lamented that he should have listened to Wu Zixu , and then committed suicide .	Past
He is commemorated in the Calendar of Saints of the Lutheran Church and in the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church ( USA ) on July 12 .	Past
He enrolled at Uppsala University in 1883 .	Past
On returning from a journey to the U.S. , he was ordained priest in 1893 .	Past
After his death in Uppsala , Sweden , in 1931 his body was interred in Uppsala Cathedral .	Past
The group disbanded in May 2006 .	Past
They 've also collaborated on other short-term occasions , such as the online music video series " Outside My House " ( 2014 ) .	Past
Zygotic was " hijacked from GCSE biology " ; it refers to the state of being like a " zygote " – a fertilized egg cell .	Past
After Exeter Cathedral School , Martin boarded at Sherborne School in Dorset , where he met future Coldplay manager Phil Harvey .	Past
Martin has also collaborated with Ron Sexsmith , Faultline , the Streets , and Ian McCulloch .	Past
He also sang a part of the vocals for the Band Aid 20 single , " Do They Know It 's Christmas ? "	Past
The two were once rumoured to be a couple , after they both performed at Glastonbury in 2002 .	Past
Nelly Furtado joked about it , saying , " Yeah , he 's my boyfriend — he just doesn 't know it yet " .	Past
I just remembered how much I loved it .	Past
He also admires the lyrics of Morrissey .	Pres
Martin was quoted as calling Coldplay 's song " Shiver " a rip-off Jeff Buckley influenced by Buckley 's song " Grace " .	Past
He travelled to Ghana and Haiti to meet farmers and view the effects of unfair trade practices .	Past
This tax is aimed at levelling the field between the so-called " 1 % and 99 % " .	Past
Paltrow filed for divorce in April 2015 .	Past
I don 't know if it 's Allah or Jesus or Mohammed or Zeus .	Pres
It is most commonly spelled as " Jeffrey " .	Past
But evidence suggests that the jet is in fact at about 43 ° to our line-of-sight .	Pres
The same group of scientists later revised that finding and argue in favour of a superluminal bulk movement in which the jet is embedded .	Past
We are observing the jet from the point O .	Pres
Observer at O receives the rays at time formula _ 3 and formula _ 4 respectively .	Pres
The Liberals dominated the province , and the Tories did not have a single seat in the legislature .	Past
In 1967 , the federal Progressive Conservative Party was racked by disunity between supporters and opponents of the leadership of John Diefenbaker .	Past
The Liberals were re-elected and increased their support to form a majority government in the 1968 election .	Past
In the election of 1972 , Stanfield 's Tories campaigned on the public 's perception that the Liberals were mismanaging the economy .	Past
Though the Liberals started high in the polls , Trudeau 's popularity had worn off and they slumped due to a poor campaign .	Past
Trudeau mocked the idea , saying that one couldn 't say , " Zap !	Past
" It wouldn 't be the Canada I grew up in .	Pres
It wouldn 't be the country with the values that I 've loved during my life . "	Pres
In 1996 , Stanfield suffered a debilitating stroke that left him severely disabled .	Past
During his term as premier , Stanfield remarried , exchanging vows with Mary Hall in 1957 .	Past
On September 22 he was traced by IDF forces near Dura .	Past
Bassal fled to a nearby house , forcing his way in with gun threats , throwing out its occupants .	Past
According to witnesses , Imad surrendered immediately after an IDF Caterpillar D9 armoured bulldozer started to demolish his house .	Past
Marwan Qawasameh is suspected of being one of two terrorists involved in the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teens on June 12 , 2014 .	Past
Substituting the first equation into the second and rearranging , we obtain	Pres
The XML-based GML furnishes the default payload-encoding for transporting geographic features , but other formats like shapefiles can also serve for transport .	Pres
The WFS specification defines interfaces for describing data manipulation operations of geographic features .	Pres
The client generates the request and posts it to a web feature server using HTTP .	Pres
The web feature server then executes the request .	Pres
In the taxonomy of Web Services , WFS is best categorized as a non-RESTful RPC type service .	Past
The WFS Web Feature Services or Web Feature Server specification supports two communication models :	Pres
He tends to use a vivid color palette and realistic , meticulous detail .	Pres
Ware has acknowledged that being included in " Raw " gave him confidence and inspired him to explore printing techniques and self-publishing .	Past
His Fantagraphics series " Acme Novelty Library " defied comics publishing conventions with every issue .	Pres
In 2007 , Ware curated an exhibition for the Phoenix Art Museum focused on the non-comic work of five contemporary cartoonists .	Past
Ware also edited and designed the catalog for the exhibition .	Past
Ware 's art reflects early 20th-century American styles of cartooning and graphic design , shifting through formats from traditional comic panels to faux advertisements and cut-out toys .	Pres
Rendered in the style of an early animation character like Felix the Cat , Quimby the Mouse is perhaps Ware 's most autobiographical character .	Past
Sometimes illustrated as a two-headed mouse , Quimby embodies both Ware and his grandmother , and the duality of a young and old body .	Past
Ware 's " Building Stories " was serialized in a host of different venues .	Past
Originally produced for a live " Lost in America " stage show in 2003 , " Lost Buildings " was later published as a book and DVD .	Past
On the roofs , corporate bosses drink , dance , and sun themselves as a helicopter drops a shovelful of money down for them .	Pres
" Analog " indicates something that is mathematically represented as a set of continuous values .	Pres
This differs from " digital " which uses a series of discrete quantities to represent signal .	Pres
When the functions match , the value of ( f * g ) is maximized .	Past
The magnitude axis is in [ Decibel ] ( dB ) .	Pres
The phase axis is in either degrees or radians .	Pres
The impulse response defines the system because all possible frequencies are represented in the input	Pres
The period before the output stabilizes is called the transient part of a signal .	Pres
The step response can be multiplied with other signals to show how the system responds when an input is suddenly turned on .	Past
It sporadically publishes a newspaper entitled " WHAT Are You Going To Do About It ? "	Pres
The Chicago Surrealist Group has been frequently criticised .	Past
After his bass amplifier blew up on stage , he moved to guitar and the group morphed into the more psychedelic / experimental Ectogram in 1993 .	Past
The discovery of the precession of the equinoxes is attributed to Hipparchus , a Greek astronomer active in the later Hellenistic period ( ca .	Past
He opted for a definition of the zodiac based on the point of the vernal equinox , i.e. , the tropical system .	Past
) , which suggests the use of a sidereal zodiac in Greece before Ptolemy and Hipparchus .	Pres
Most sidereal astrologers simply divide the ecliptic into 12 equal signs of 30 degrees but approximately aligned to the 12 zodiac constellations .	Pres
In chemical reactions , orbital wavefunctions are modified , i.e .	Past
The first step in this process is assigning a point group to the molecule .	Pres
This reducible representation is decomposed into the sum of irreducible representations .	Past
These irreducible representations correspond to the symmetry of the orbitals involved .	Pres
She spoke of this time in her poem " An Irish Childhood in England : 1951 . "	Past
She divides her time between Palo Alto , and her home in Dublin .	Pres
In 2016 she was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences ..	Past
The novel has been reprinted a few times in the decades since , including at least two foreign language translations .	Past
In 1992 , Carroll & Graf Publishers confusingly re-issued " They 'd Rather Be Right " with its	Past
They possess exponential decay at long range and Kato 's cusp condition at short range ( when combined as hydrogen-like atom functions , i.e .	Pres
The normalization constant is computed from the integral	Past
Angular dependent derivatives of the spherical harmonics don 't depend on the radial function and have to be evaluated separately .	Pres
a sum over three overlap integrals already computed above .	Past
The Coulomb repulsion integral can be evaluated using the Fourier representation	Past
These are either individually calculated with the law of residues or recursively	Past
Because an individual primitive Gaussian function gives a rather poor description for the electronic wave function near the nucleus , Gaussian basis sets are almost always contracted :	Past
Since paints work by absorbing light , having all three primaries together produces a black or gray color ( see subtractive color ) .	Pres
This effect is often copied by painters who want to create more luminous and realistic shadows .	Past
Placed side-by-side as tiny dots , in partitive color mixing , complementary colors appear gray .	Past
Complementary colors ( as defined in HSV ) lie opposite each other on any horizontal cross-section .	Pres
As a result , the same logic applies as to colors produced by light .	Pres
In 1704 , in his treatise on optics , Isaac Newton devised a circle showing a spectrum of seven colors .	Past
In 1793 , the American-born British scientist Benjamin Thompson , Count Rumford ( 1753 – 1814 ) , coined the term complementary colors .	Past
Other scientists looked more closely at the use of complementary colors .	Past
In the case above the photoreceptors for red light in the retina are fatigued , lessening their ability to send the information to the brain .	Past
This also extends to other fields such as contrasting colors in logos and retail display .	Pres
Sheridan learns from members of the non-aligned worlds that Centauri is taking their outposts near the Narn homeworld .	Pres
Welles approaches many of the security staff that are in Night Watch , including Zack Allen .	Pres
Lantz and Welles arrive on the command deck , having learned of the Narn ship .	Pres
This news soon spreads to Mollari , who furiously demands Sheridan turn over the Narn ship .	Pres
In hyperspace , Keffer 's ship locates a signal of a strange black ship that he had been tracking , and he breaks off to investigate .	Pres
Sheridan is angered by having to apologize , but agrees to the terms .	Past
Sheridan discovers he is alone on the tram and the Centauri planted a bomb on it .	Past
He jumps out into freefall .	Pres
The gathered guests at the meeting panic , and Delenn tells Kosh that he must help Sheridan now .	Pres
Sheridan suspects the Vorlons have been manipulating the younger races so that they would recognize them when the time was right .	Pres
However , the college recovered to open as scheduled in October and adopted the phoenix as its unofficial badge .	Past
A bi-annual magazine , " Grey Matter " , also exists to satirise college events .	Pres
He was paralysed from the waist down and has used a wheelchair for mobility ever since .	Past
Wyatt subsequently sang lead vocals on Mason 's first solo album " Fictitious Sports " in 1981 ( with songwriting credits going to Carla Bley ) .	Past
His solo work during the early 1980s was increasingly politicised , and Wyatt became a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain .	Past
In 1999 he collaborated with the Italian singer Cristina Donà on her second album " Nido " .	Past
He cited age and greater interest in politics as his reasons .	Past
Shakespeare 's reference to rattling chains also fits a very common ghostly motif .	Pres
This tree was felled in 1796 .	Past
This tree was blown down on 31 August 1863 , and Queen Victoria had another tree planted on the same site .	Past
and adding " In any case the reader may also be prepared to recognize Cernunnos and the older magician , who emerge as the Wild Huntsman .	Pres
Clear evidence for the worship of Cernunnos has however been recovered only on the European mainland , and not in Britain .	Past
The earliest edition of " The Merry Wives of Windsor " spells the name " Horne " .	Pres
He recast the undergraduate physics curriculum , wrote 14 books between 1933 and 1968 , and built a department of major international prestige .	Past
When he became President of MIT , Karl Compton " courted " Slater to chair the Physics Department .	Past
Slater discusses his early life through the trip to Europe in a transcribed interview .	Pres
considers one sentence short of proposing electron spin ( which would have led to sharing a Nobel prize ) , and ( 2 ) what J.V.V .	Pres
The work of the Radiation Laboratory paralleled research at the Telecommunications Research Establishment in England and the groups maintained a productive liaison .	Past
They were quoted widely for scientific and biographical content , in journal articles and government reports and libraries are starting to put them online .	Past
Molecular and atomic calculations also flourished in the hands of Fernando J. Corbató , Lee Allen and Alvin Meckler .	Past
It embodied the ethos of interdepartmental research and teaching that Slater had espoused throughout his career .	Past
It reminded me of the MIT department in the days when I had been department head there .	Past
Slater 's concern for the well being of others is well illustrated by the following dialog that Richard Feynman relates .	Past
And I often advise my students the same way .	Pres
Slater 's papers were bequeathed to the American Philosophical Society by his widow , Rose Mooney Slater , in 1980 and 1982 .	Past
Peter healed a beggar with a disability and then addressed the astonished onlookers .	Past
The significance of " apocatastasis " in early Christianity is today being re-evaluated .	Past
A form of " apocatastasis " was also attributed to Gregory of Nyssa and possibly the Ambrosiaster , attributed to Ambrose of Milan .	Past
Gregory of Nazianzus discussed it without reaching a decision .	Past
Proponents cited Biblical passage in in support .	Past
In Luther 's Bible he rendered the Greek " apokatastasis " with the German " herwiedergebracht werde " ; " will be brought back . "	Past
The hula dramatizes or portrays the words of the oli or mele in a visual dance form .	Pres
Some dances utilize both forms .	Pres
) , encompasses an enormous variety of styles and moods , from the solemn and sacred to the frivolous .	Pres
Hence they were ritually secluded and put under the protection of the goddess Laka during the learning period .	Past
Many hula kahiko are characterized by traditional costuming , by an austere look , and a reverence for their spiritual root .	Past
It was codified in genealogies and chants , which were memorized and passed down .	Past
Traditional chant types are extremely varied in context and technical components , and cover a broad range of specific functions .	Past
Hula ( chant with dance ) and oli ( chant without dance ) are two general styles in which mele can be used / performed .	Pres
The combination of general style ( with or without dance ) and the context of the performance determines what vocal style a chant will use .	Pres
Traditional female dancers wore the everyday " pāū " , or wrapped skirt , but were topless .	Past
Today this form of dress has been altered .	Past
Traditional male dancers wore the everyday malo , or loincloth .	Past
They also wore necklaces , bracelets , anklets , and lei .	Past
The materials for the lei worn in performance were gathered in the forest , after prayers to Laka and the forest gods had been chanted .	Past
Sacred hula , celebrating Hawaiian gods , were also danced .	Past
Visiting chiefs from other domains would also be honored with hula performances .	Past
Modern hula arose from adaptation of traditional hula ideas ( dance and mele ) to Western influences .	Past
The mele of hula auana are generally sung as if they were popular music .	Past
After Laka died , her remains were hidden beneath the hill " Puu Nana " .	Past
This story locates the source of the hula on Hawaii , in the Puna district at the Hāena shoreline .	Pres
There at chain of craters on the island of Hawai 'i she danced the first dance of hula signifying that she finally won .	Past
American Protestant missionaries , who arrived in 1820 , often denounced the hula as a heathen dance holding vestiges of paganism .	Past
The newly Christianized alii ( royalty and nobility ) were urged to ban the hula .	Past
In 1830 Queen Kaʻahumanu forbade public performances .	Past
By the 1850s , public hula was regulated by a system of licensing .	Past
He was freed soon after , not being involved with the rebels , unlike his brother , Wolfred , who participated in the Battle of Saint-Denis .	Past
On February 28 , 1838 , Nelson encamped at Alburg , Vermont with some 300 men .	Past
He proclaimed the independence of the Republic of Lower Canada and distributed copies of a declaration of independence .	Past
A jury , sympathetic to the Patriotes cause , acquitted him and others .	Past
He was interred in the Notre-Dame-des-Neiges Cemetery in Montreal .	Past
In one direction it can easily be proven using the binomial theorem together with the following property of the binomial coefficient :	Past
Evaluating in a quotient ring of formula _ 12 creates an upper bound for the degree of the polynomials involved .	Pres
The AKS evaluates the equality in formula _ 14 , making the computational complexity dependent on the size of formula _ 15 .	Pres
This congruence can be checked in polynomial time when formula _ 15 is polynomial to the digits of formula _ 3 .	Past
The AKS algorithm evaluates this congruence for a large set of formula _ 2 values , whose size is polynomial to the digits of formula _ 3 .	Pres
While the previous proof had relied on many different methods , the new version relied almost exclusively on the behavior of cyclotomic polynomials over finite fields .	Past
Together with the test of step 1 , this implies that " n " is always prime at step 6 .	Pres
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were handed out , for music released in the previous year .	Pres
A " Column of Liberty " was also erected in Saint-Charles ' Square .	Past
Elected to Parliament in 1945 , he held ministerial office from 1951 , eventually rising to be Foreign Secretary under Prime Minister Anthony Eden from April 1955 .	Past
In October 1924 his sister Eileen sailed to India to marry and work as a doctor .	Past
He then switched to study History , in which he also obtained a Second .	Past
In 1926 he toyed , not entirely seriously , with the idea of joining the Labour Party .	Past
At his retiring debate in November 1927 Samuel Hoare and Rab Butler ( then being selected as Tory candidate for Saffron Walden ) spoke .	Past
After this he concentrated on his legal career .	Past
On the outbreak of war Lloyd 's patron Brigadier Cherry sponsored him for the Staff College , Camberley .	Past
He later recalled that the work preparing for the Normandy landings was more intense than at any other time in his life .	Past
He respected Dempsey very deeply .	Past
I have never spoken in any foreign-affairs debate in the House .	Past
I have never listened to one . '	Past
'Young man , these all seem to me to be positive advantages , ' growled Churchill in return .	Past
Churchill later revised his opinion upwards .	Past
In Egypt , which had been a British client state since 1883 , the pro-British King Farouk was overthrown in July 1952 .	Past
Later in February 1954 Neguib was ousted by Nasser .	Past
Lloyd would have preferred a slower withdrawal .	Past
18 out of the 22 nations looked likely to agree .	Past
Lloyd was disappointed by the failure of the Menzies mission to Cairo .	Past
It had been undermined by President Eisenhower 's press conference on 4 September , opposing the use of force .	Past
On 5 September Lloyd flew to Paris for talks with Spaak about the NATO upcoming meeting .	Past
Lloyd later wrote of Dulles that because of his experience as a corporate lawyer there was always " an escape clause " .	Past
On 24 September Lloyd was interviewed on " Panorama " , and stated that force would only be used as a last resort .	Past
On 26 September Lloyd informed the Cabinet about the failure of the Second London Conference .	Past
Eden recalled Lloyd from New York after Nutting had suggested that no decision could be taken without the Foreign Secretary .	Past
He flew to London at 5pm New York time , landing at Heathrow at 11.15am ( London time ) on 16 October .	Past
At 4pm Eden and Lloyd flew to Paris .	Past
He urged international control over toll increases , with disputes referred to an independent body .	Past
Jebb had protested to Ivone Kirkpatrick at the exclusion of the ambassadors from the Anglo-French talks and had sent Lloyd a handwritten threat of resignation .	Past
Butler 's biographer Michael Jago thinks that Lloyd 's behaviour was evidence that he was out of his depth .	Pres
That afternoon Sir Humphrey Trevelyan , British Ambassador to Egypt , telegraphed to warn that Nasser was not willing to compromise on Egyptian control of the Canal .	Past
Eden insisted that British action " not " be in response to Israeli demands .	Past
Logan drove Lloyd to the airport in his own car to maintain secrecy , although he was not told the destination until they were underway .	Past
David Carlton argued that this tied Lloyd into the conspiracy by getting him to meet Ben Gurion .	Past
Lloyd warned that the UN , the Commonwealth and Scandinavian countries were opposed to the use of force .	Past
Israel demanded that British Canberra bombers bomb Egypt from their bases in Cyprus ; Lloyd merely promised to seek the Cabinet 's opinion on the matter .	Past
Pineau outlined Dayan 's plan ( for Israel to attack Egypt ) to Eden .	Past
In his instructions to Patrick Dean , who went in his place , Lloyd stressed that Britain had not " asked " Israel to intervene .	Past
Later that morning Eden informed the Cabinet about the consultation with Pineau the previous evening .	Past
Heathcoat Amory , Minister of Agriculture , warned of the effect on Anglo-American relations .	Past
The Chiefs of Staff knew that the USA had broken French codes and knew of all military preparations .	Past
The US Sixth Fleet harassed the Anglo-French taskforce as it made its way to the Eastern Mediterranean .	Past
This passage is underlined in Lloyd 's personal copy of Hansard ( now in the library at Fettes School ) .	Past
Nasser proclaimed martial law and mobilisation in Egypt .	Past
In an emergency session of the UN , Dulles ' motion for a ceasefire was vetoed by Britain .	Past
Lloyd resisted the temptation to join him and continued to ask questions about military logistics at Cabinet .	Past
The USA sidestepped the Anglo-French veto on the UN Security Council by obtaining an overwhelming vote for a ceasefire in the General Assembly .	Past
Eden spoke about the conditions which would be necessary for the UN to take over the peacekeeping job at the canal .	Past
On Saturday 3 November Lloyd was shouted down in the House of Commons , in a debate so rowdy that the Speaker had to suspend the session .	Past
By the weekend of 3 – 4 November , fighting between Israel and Egypt had largely ceased .	Past
Lloyd advised that Britain should respond to the Canadian but not to the Afro-Asian ultimatum , but warned of the threat of oil sanctions .	Past
Macmillan had also been lobbying other ministers .	Pres
Pierson Dixon ( British Ambassador to the UN ) had warned that the UN were contemplating oil sanctions .	Past
To Lloyd 's displeasure Hammarskjold was visiting Nasser in Cairo at this time .	Pres
Lloyd addressed a Cabinet meeting ( chaired by Butler , with Eden away in Jamaica ) at 4.30pm on Wednesday 28 November .	Past
Aneurin Bevan commented that Lloyd gave the impression of never having warned Israel " not " to attack Egypt .	Past
Bevan congratulated Lloyd on " having survived so far " .	Past
This prompted the resignation of Lord Salisbury from the Cabinet .	Past
In May 1957 Randolph Churchill speculated that he might be about to be removed from office .	Past
In October 1957 he likened himself to a " human Sputnik " because of the amount of flying he was doing .	Past
In May 1958 Lebanese President Camille Chamoun appealed for help against the United Arab Republic ( Egypt and Syria , both ruled by Nasser ) .	Past
Lloyd coordinated with Dulles and US troops were sent to Lebanon in accordance with the " Eisenhower Doctrine " .	Past
In November 1958 Khrushchev had demanded that the western powers pull out of West Berlin within six months .	Past
Macmillan thanked Lloyd for having come up with the idea of a diplomatic cold in response to Khrushchev 's diplomatic toothache .	Past
Lloyd , however , warned Macmillan that he wanted to be an orthodox chancellor .	Past
The economy had been booming as a result of the expansionary measures taken in the run-up to the 1959 General Election , with consequent risk to inflation .	Pres
The Treasury was already somewhat discredited .	Past
Also the German Deutschmark was revalued by 5 % in March 1961 , leading to worries that the pound sterling might crash in the summer of 1961 .	Past
By the summer a run on the pound was threatened .	Past
The White Paper also condemned automatic wage increases because of cost of living increases and comparability between different types of work .	Past
Party Chairman Iain Macleod 's report blamed the Pay Pause for the defeat at Orpington .	Past
Lloyd promised to end Schedule A the following year , at a cost of £ 50m to the Exchequer .	Past
Macmillan was pushing for a full-on incomes policy , led by the NEDC , in the hope that his growth policy would not lead to inflation .	Pres
Macmillan also suspected that Lloyd , Butler and / or Eccles might be plotting against him .	Past
He sacked a third of his Cabinet in a brutal reshuffle which came to be known as the " Night of the Long Knives " .	Past
Macmillan ignored the animal , which was likened by one observer to Banquo 's ghost .	Past
Lloyd attributed this to Macmillan 's ruthlessness and survival instinct .	Past
" Home was just about the only front-line politician [ Lloyd ] spoke of without a tinge of contempt . "	Past
On returning to office he likened himself to a man who had won a lawsuit for wrongful dismissal .	Past
However , Lloyd 's policies as chancellor were blamed to some extent for Conservative defeat in the general election of 1964 .	Past
He sat as a crossbencher .	Past
His will was valued at £ 154,169 for probate ( around £ 750,000 at 2016 prices ) .	Past
Lloyd cooperated in secret with Terence Robinson 's 1965 book on Suez and with Hugh Thomas ' " The Suez Affair " ( 1967 ) .	Past
Lloyd insisted that this was perfectly legitimate and that this had been the view of Edward Grey and Ernest Bevin .	Past
He insisted that there had been no " collusion " as Britain had acted in good faith , and had not " instigated " the Israeli attack .	Past
Lloyd was respected for his cool and shrewd judgement .	Past
Rab Butler quipped that Selwyn 's wife had left him " because he got into bed with his sweater on " .	Past
After his divorce , rumour sometimes circulated that Lloyd had homosexual inclinations .	Past
Michael Bloch writes that he was " infatuated with " Aitken who " had some difficulty parrying his advances " and with the young Peter Walker .	Pres
He would have preferred to have been remembered for his minority report on the Beveridge Report on broadcasting , and for setting up the NEDC .	Past
" I liked him and even respected him and ... he was really a very able Minister " .	Past
Thorpe argues that he was not quite in the same league as Bevin or Eden but very much in the next rung .	Pres
It was boycotted by the TUC , who claimed to have been inadequately consulted .	Past
Ferdinand Mount argues that Lloyd 's obituary in " The Times " was wrong to call him unimaginative and that Lloyd was in fact an innovative chancellor .	Pres
Macmillan , obsessed with economic expansion , constantly belittled Lloyd in his memoirs .	Past
Over his career , Player accumulated nine major championships on the regular tour and nine Champions Tour major championship victories .	Past
Nicknamed the Black Knight , Mr .	Past
He has also authored or co-written 36 golf books .	Past
The Gary Player Stud Farm breeds thoroughbred race horses , including 1994 Epsom Derby entry Broadway Flyer .	Pres
Regarding the event , Player remarked , " The things I have seen in the Ryder Cup have disappointed me .	Past
You are hearing about hatred and war . "	Pres
He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1974 .	Past
The Big Three were reunited in this capacity starting with the 2012 tournament .	Past
Gary Player and Gary Player Design have executed over 300 projects in 35 countries on five continents .	Past
The Player Foundation has since blossomed into an organisation that circles the globe bringing aid to underprivileged children and impoverished communities .	Past
In October 2007 , further media controversy arose about his involvement in the 2002 design of a golf course in Burma .	Past
The event is now annually staged at the Fancourt Resort as the Gary Player Invitational .	Past
He warned of a ' tsunami coming ' due the governing bodies ' failure to address issues surrounding new golf technology .	Past
The Senior British Open was retroactively recognised by the PGA TOUR and the Champions Tour as a senior major in 2018 .	Past
Defeated Kel Nagle in 18-hole playoff – Player 71 ( + 1 ) , Nagle 74 ( + 4 ) .	Past
CUT = missed the halfway cut ( 3rd round cut in 1970 , 1980 , 1981 and 1985 Open Championships )	Past
" T " indicates a tie for a place .	Pres
CUT = Missed the half-way cut	Past
The set and costume design was entrusted to the then-Cubist painter Pablo Picasso .	Past
The Italian futurist artist Giacomo Balla aided Picasso in his creating the curtain and other designs for " Parade " .	Past
One faction of the audience booed , hissed , and was very unruly , nearly causing a riot before they were drowned out by enthusiastic applause .	Past
The critic sued Satie , and at the trial , Cocteau was arrested and beaten by police for repeatedly yelling " arse " in the courtroom .	Past
The rebellion reflected the widespread discontent felt among both pro-imperial and anti-foreigner groups , who rebelled under the " sonnō jōi " slogan .	Past
" Sonnō jōi " had been promulgated by the Emperor Kōmei as an " Order to expel barbarians " .	Past
It was sponsored by socialists and communists .	Past
This constitutes a substantial physical barrier between the north and south of Libya in the Tobruk area .	Pres
However , Tobruk suffers a serious saltwater intrusion problem .	Pres
It was also heavily fortified by the Italians prior to their invasion of Egypt in November 1940 .	Past
The Italians had previously invaded Albania and occupied part of the south of France , and had now made a military incursion into a British protectorate .	Past
These forces , under Lieutenant-General Erwin Rommel , drove the Allies back across Cyrenaica to the Egyptian border , leaving Tobruk isolated and under siege .	Past
They were later reinforced and replaced by the British 70th Infantry Division , Polish Independent Carpathian Rifle Brigade , a Czechoslovak battalion and a British tank brigade .	Past
The following units were deployed in Tobruk on 20 June 1942 , and most of them were captured by the Axis forces :	Past
In October 2014 they again re-located , to a hotel named " Dar al-Salam " also known as the Al Masira Hotel in Tobruk .	Past
In 1916 , he then enrolled to study architecture at the Helsinki University of Technology .	Past
His studies were interrupted by the Finnish Civil War , which he fought in .	Past
In 1922 , he accomplished his first independent piece at the Industrial Exposition in Tampere .	Past
The dormitory lay along the Charles River and its undulating form provided maximum view and ventilation for each resident .	Past
Aalto 's career spans the changes in style from ( Nordic Classicism ) to purist International Style Modernism to a more personal , synthetic and idiosyncratic Modernism .	Pres
Also at Paris and at Villa Mairea he utilized birch boarding in a vertical arrangement .	Past
His stairway at Villa Mairea , he evokes feelings of a natural forest by binding beech wood with withes into columns .	Pres
Aalto glassware ( Aino as well as Alvar ) is manufactured by Iittala .	Past
However , a few more recent architecture critics and historians have questioned Aalto 's position of influence in the canonic history .	Past
Aalto has been commemorated in a number of ways :	Past
This variant is frequently derided as sloppy , as the literal meaning of the words is that the speaker " does " care to some extent .	Past
Either sounds odd to the other .	Pres
In the former " that bit the man " identifies which dog the statement is about .	Pres
In the latter , " which bit the man " provides supplementary information about a known dog .	Past
In speech , this is also reflected in the intonation .	Past
He implied that his suggested usage was more common in American English .	Past
Before the early 18th century English spelling was not standardized .	Past
Many of the now characteristic AmE spellings were popularized , although often not created , by Noah Webster .	Past
These are discussed at " Abbreviation § Periods ( full stops ) and spaces " .	Past
Unit symbols such as kg and Hz are never punctuated .	Past
Therefore , the following execution of the register R could satisfies the definition of the atomic registers :	Pres
The current creates the Ross and Weddell gyres .	Pres
The ACC connects the Atlantic , Pacific , and Indian Oceans , and serves as a principal pathway of exchange among them .	Pres
The current is strongly constrained by landform and bathymetric features .	Past
The circumpolar current is driven by the strong westerly winds in the latitudes of the Southern Ocean .	Past
But in the Southern Ocean , the momentum imparted to the surface waters cannot be offset in this way .	Past
This northward Ekman transport is balanced by a southward , pressure-driven flow below the depths of the major ridge systems .	Past
Such theories link the magnitude of the Circumpolar Current with the global thermohaline circulation , particularly the properties of the North Atlantic .	Pres
Evidence of this is the Antarctic Circumpolar Wave , a periodic oscillation that affects the climate of much of the southern hemisphere .	Past
Trends in the Antarctic Oscillation have been hypothesized to account for an increase in the transport of the Circumpolar Current over the past two decades .	Past
The Tasmanian Seaway separates East Antarctica and Australia , and is reported to have opened to water circulation 33.5 Ma .	Pres
Ice levels have been monitored by satellite since 1973 .	Past
Upwelling of deep water under the sea ice brings substantial amounts of nutrients .	Pres
Phytoplankton blooms are dominated by diatoms and grazed by copepods in the open ocean , and by krill closer to the continent .	Past
As the blooms die and sink , the carbon can be stored in sediments for thousands of years .	Past
Today , many countries observe such a holiday .	Pres
A humble granite marker and a bronze plate recall the event .	Pres
The first American Arbor Day was originated in Nebraska City , Nebraska by J .	Past
On April 10 , 1872 , an estimated one million trees were planted in Nebraska .	Past
McCreight urged Roosevelt to make a public statement to school children about trees and the destruction of American forests .	Past
It is sponsored by the National Parks Trust of the Virgin Islands .	Past
Cambodia celebrates Arbor Day on July 9 with a tree planting ceremony attended by the king .	Pres
This predates the claimed founding of the day by Don Clark of Schomberg , Ontario for his wife Margret Clark in 1906 .	Pres
Ontario celebrates Arbour Week from the last Friday in April to the first Sunday in May .	Pres
Prince Edward Island celebrates Arbour Day on the third Friday in May during Arbour Week .	Pres
On this day , each grade 1 student in Calgary 's schools receives a tree seedling to be taken home to be planted on private property .	Pres
The People 's Republic of China celebrates Arbor Day on March 12 , continue to use following the date of Arbor Day of Republic of China .	Pres
During this event millions of trees are planted .	Past
Japan celebrates a similarly themed Greenery Day , held on May 4 .	Pres
Six million more were planted in November the same year , and another 12,5 million trees in 2009 .	Past
Stichting Nationale Boomfeestdag organizes all the activities in the Netherlands for this day .	Pres
Its practice was instituted through Proclamation No .	Past
It was subsequently revised by Proclamation No .	Past
It was subsequently revised by Proclamation 643 in the succeeding year .	Past
Since 2012 , many local arbor day celebrations have been commemorated , as in the cases of Natividad and Tayug in Pangasinan and Santa Rita in Pampanga .	Past
Each municipality or collective decides the date for its Arbor Day , usually between February and May .	Pres
First mounted in 1975 , National Tree Week is a celebration of the start of the winter tree planting season .	Past
Around a million trees are planted each year by schools , community organizations and local authorities .	Past
On the first Arbor Day , April 10 , 1872 , an estimated one million trees were planted .	Past
Venezuela recognizes " Día del Arbol " ( Day of the Tree ) on the last Sunday of May .	Pres
From 1933 to 1940 he lectured on philosophy at Christ Church , Oxford .	Past
In his final year , as a member of Eton 's senior council , he unsuccessfully campaigned for the abolition of corporal punishment at the school .	Past
Ayer 's marriage to Wells was dissolved in 1983 and that same year he married Vanessa Salmon , former wife of politician Nigel Lawson .	Past
He was knighted in 1970 .	Past
In " Language , Truth and Logic " ( 1936 ) , Ayer presents the verification principle as the only valid basis for philosophy .	Pres
He also criticises C. A. Mace 's opinion that metaphysics is a form of intellectual poetry .	Pres
In later years Ayer reiterated that he did not believe in God and began to refer to himself as an atheist .	Past
Ayer 's version of emotivism divides " the ordinary system of ethics " into four classes :	Pres
Ayer argues that moral judgments cannot be translated into non-ethical , empirical terms and thus cannot be verified ; in this he agrees with ethical intuitionists .	Pres
Instead , Ayer concludes that ethical concepts are " mere pseudo-concepts " :	Pres
In 1968 he edited " The Humanist Outlook " , a collection of essays on the meaning of humanism .	Past
I suggest that we talk about this like rational men " .	Pres
Others , including the leading light of the circle , Moritz Schlick , were already offering their own papers on the issue .	Pres
In " The Concept of a Person and Other Essays " ( 1963 ) , Ayer heavily criticized Wittgenstein 's private language argument .	Past
Ayer responded to this in the essay " Has Austin Refuted the Sense-data Theory ?	Past
While in Germany , Weil befriended Carl Ludwig Siegel .	Past
Sentenced to five years , he requested to be attached to a military unit instead , and was given the chance to join a regiment in Cherbourg .	Past
In January 1941 , Weil and his family sailed from Marseille to New York .	Past
But , he hated Lehigh very much for their heavy teaching workload and he swore that he would never talk about " Lehigh " any more .	Past
He picked up another credited " Weil conjecture " , around 1967 , which later under pressure from Serge Lang ( resp .	Past
His conclusions at the time were challenged by other Hittitologists ( i.e .	Past
Some Hittite texts mention a nation lying to the west called Ahhiyawa .	Pres
During the 5th year of Pharaoh Merneptah , a confederation of Libyan and northern peoples is supposed to have attacked the western delta .	Past
However , Robert S. P. Beekes doubted the validity of this derivation and suggested a Pre-Greek proto-form " * Akaya- " .	Past
During the war he fought against the German invasion of Norway , and was imprisoned several times .	Past
This challenged the widely held view of his time that certain theorems are only obtainable with the advanced methods of complex analysis .	Past
Despite this , Aeschylus 's work – particularly the " Oresteia " " – " is generally acclaimed by modern critics and scholars .	Past
The Athenians emerged triumphant , a victory celebrated across the city-states of Greece .	Past
Heracleides of Pontus asserts that the audience tried to stone Aeschylus .	Pres
At his trial , he pleaded ignorance .	Past
He was acquitted , with the jury sympathetic to the military service of Aeschylus and his brothers during the Persian Wars .	Past
In 472 BC , Aeschylus staged the production that included the " Persians " , with Pericles serving as " choregos " .	Past
Aeschylus 's work was so respected by the Athenians that after his death , his were the only tragedies allowed to be restaged in subsequent competitions .	Past
The comic satyr plays that follow his trilogies also drew upon stories derived from myths .	Past
" The Persians " focuses on the popular Greek theme of " hubris " by blaming Persia 's loss on the pride of its king .	Pres
The people decide that the Danaids deserve protection , and they are allowed within the walls of Argos despite Egyptian protests .	Pres
He negotiates a peace settlement with Aegyptus , as a condition of which , his fifty daughters will marry the fifty sons of Aegyptus .	Pres
In the trilogy 's climax and dénouement , Lynceus reveals himself to Danaus , and kills him ( thus fulfilling the oracle ) .	Pres
The other forty-nine Danaids are absolved of their murderous crime , and married off to unspecified Argive men .	Past
Together , these plays tell the bloody story of the family of Agamemnon , King of Argos .	Pres
She then enters the palace knowing that she cannot avoid her fate .	Pres
Orestes is then beset by the Furies , who avenge the murders of kin in Greek mythology .	Past
The final play of " The Oresteia " addresses the question of Orestes ' guilt .	Pres
Apollo had encouraged Orestes to kill Clytemnestra , and so bears some of the guilt for the murder .	Past
Apollo argues Orestes ' case and , after the judges , including Athena deliver a tie vote , Athena announces that Orestes is acquitted .	Pres
In addition to these six works , a seventh tragedy , " Prometheus Bound " , is attributed to Aeschylus by ancient authorities .	Past
The play closes with Zeus sending Prometheus into the abyss because Prometheus refuses to divulge the secret of a potential marriage that could prove Zeus ' downfall .	Pres
Perhaps foreshadowing his eventual reconciliation with Prometheus , we learn that Zeus has released the other Titans whom he imprisoned at the conclusion of the Titanomachy .	Pres
After reconciling with Prometheus , Zeus probably inaugurates a festival in his honor at Athens .	Pres
In this play , Achilles sits in silent mourning over Patroclus , after a brief discussion with Hermes .	Pres
Hermes then brings in King Priam of Troy , who wins over Achilles and ransoms his son 's body in a spectacular coup de théâtre .	Pres
In the " Republic " , Plato quotes the line " God plants a fault in mortals when he wills to destroy a house utterly . "	Pres
Michael Ewans argues in his " Wagner and Aeschylus .	Pres
Kennedy insisted on attending and delivered an impromptu speech that delivered news of King 's death to the crowd .	Past
The quotation from Aeschylus was later inscribed on a memorial at the gravesite of Robert Kennedy following his own assassination .	Past
Amber roads connect amber finding locations to customer sites in Europe , in the Middle East regions and in the Far East .	Pres
Over two decades , the focus of the school gradually shifted toward post-secondary programs .	Past
In 1985 – 86 , Wiles was a Guggenheim Fellow at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques near Paris and at the École Normale Supérieure .	Pres
He rejoined Oxford in 2011 as Royal Society Research Professor .	Past
Wiles 's graduate research was guided by John Coates beginning in the summer of 1975 .	Past
Wiles was interviewed for an episode of the BBC documentary series " Horizon " that focused on Fermat 's Last Theorem .	Past
Wiles 's 1987 certificate of election to the Royal Society reads :	Pres
After leaving her teaching position , she fulfilled her literary ambitions .	Past
The family surname " mac Aedh Ó Proinntigh " was Anglicised as Prunty or Brunty .	Past
In 1807 he was ordained in the priesthood in the Church of England .	Past
The eleventh of twelve children , Maria enjoyed the benefits of belonging to a prosperous family in a small town .	Past
Her strong Methodist faith attracted Patrick Brontë because his own leanings were similar .	Past
The unexpected deaths distressed the family so much that Patrick could not face sending them away again .	Past
Their creativity soared after their father presented Branwell with a set of toy soldiers in June 1826 .	Past
She still pursued her studies and especially her sewing , under the surveillance of her aunt . "	Past
She was withdrawn from school by October , and replaced by Anne .	Past
Aged 15 , it was Anne 's first time away from home , and she made few friends at Roe Head .	Past
In 1839 , a year after leaving the school and aged 19 , she was seeking a teaching position .	Pres
The children in her charge were spoilt and often disobedient .	Past
She was not empowered to inflict punishment , and when she complained about their behaviour received no support , but was criticised for not being capable .	Past
The Inghams , dissatisfied with their children 's progress , dismissed Anne .	Past
Aged 25 , he had obtained a two-year licentiate in theology from the University of Durham .	Past
He was welcome at the parsonage .	Past
Little evidence exists beyond a teasing anecdote of Charlotte 's to Ellen Nussey in January 1842 .	Pres
William Weightman aroused much curiosity .	Past
Initially , she encountered similar problems as she had experienced at Blake Hall .	Past
Anne missed her home and family , commenting in a diary paper in 1841 that she did not like her situation and wished to leave it .	Past
She was obliged to accompany them on annual holidays to Scarborough .	Past
The project never materialised and Anne chose to return to Thorp Green .	Past
Branwell was dismissed when his employer found out about the relationship .	Past
Anne and Emily were obliged to pay fifty pounds to help meet their publishing costs .	Past
Their publisher , urged on by the success of " Jane Eyre " , published " Wuthering Heights " and " Agnes Grey " in December 1847 .	Past
In doing so , she violated not only social conventions , but English law .	Past
Her symptoms intensified , and her father sent for a Leeds physician in early January .	Past
The doctor diagnosed her condition as consumption ( tuberculosis ) and intimated that it was quite advanced , leaving little hope of recovery .	Past
In February 1849 , Anne seemed somewhat better .	Past
A doctor , consulted the next day , indicated that death was close .	Past
A year after Anne 's death , further editions of her novels were reprinted but Charlotte prevented re-publication of " The Tenant of Wildfell Hall " .	Past
However in recent years , with increasing critical interest in female authors , her life has been re-examined and her work re-evaluated .	Past
Her interest in the topic of education has also been explored in publications such as " The Brontës and Education " , a Bronte Society Conference publication .	Past
In 2016 , Lucy Mangan championed Anne Brontë in the BBC 's Being the Brontës , declaring that " her time has come " .	Past
When the Western Roman Empire began to disintegrate , Augustine imagined the Church as a spiritual City of God , distinct from the material Earthly City .	Past
In the East , his teachings are more disputed , and were notably attacked by John Romanides .	Past
He remembers that he did not steal the fruit because he was hungry , but because " it was not permitted . "	Pres
I loved my own error — not that for which I erred , but the error itself . "	Past
At Milan , his mother 's religiosity , Augustine 's own studies in Neoplatonism , and his friend Simplicianus all urged him towards Christianity .	Past
Although Augustine accepted this marriage , for which he had to abandon his concubine , he was deeply hurt by the loss of his lover .	Past
Alypius of Thagaste steered Augustine away from marriage , saying that they could not live a life together in the love of wisdom if he married .	Past
Ambrose baptized Augustine , along with his son Adeodatus , in Milan on Easter Vigil , April 24 – 25 , 387 .	Past
In 391 Augustine was ordained a priest in Hippo Regius ( now Annaba ) , in Algeria .	Past
Possidius admired Augustine as a man of powerful intellect and a stirring orator who took every opportunity to defend Christianity against its detractors .	Past
Shortly before Augustine 's death , the Vandals , a Germanic tribe that had converted to Arianism , invaded Roman Africa .	Past
The Vandals besieged Hippo in the spring of 430 , when Augustine entered his final illness .	Past
Shortly after his death , the Vandals lifted the siege of Hippo , but they returned not long thereafter and burned the city .	Past
Augustine was canonized by popular acclaim , and later recognized as a Doctor of the Church in 1298 by Pope Boniface VIII .	Past
In 1842 , a portion of Augustine 's right arm ( cubitus ) was secured from Pavia and returned to Annaba .	Past
It now rests in the Saint Augustin Basilica within a glass tube inserted into the arm of a life-size marble statue of the saint .	Pres
Augustine was not preoccupied , as Plato and Descartes were , with going too much into details in efforts to explain the metaphysics of the soul-body union .	Past
Likewise , he affirmed that the Virgin Mary " conceived as virgin , gave birth as virgin and stayed virgin forever " .	Past
Like Jovinian , Pelagians insisted that human affections and desires were not touched by the fall either .	Past
Agostino Trapè insists that Augustine 's personal experience cannot be credited for his doctrine about concupiscence .	Pres
He considers Augustine 's marital experience to be quite normal , and even exemplary , aside from the absence of Christian wedding rites .	Pres
The redemption of human sexuality will be , however , fully accomplished only in the resurrection of the body .	Past
The sin of Adam is inherited by all human beings .	Past
In 1567 , Pope Pius V condemned the identification of Original Sin with concupiscence .	Past
Catholic scholars tend to deny that he held such a view while some Protestants and secular scholars have held that Augustine did believe in double predestination .	Pres
On this point Augustine departs from the earlier teaching of Cyprian , who taught that converts from schismatic movements must be re-baptised .	Pres
Against the Pelagians , Augustine strongly stressed the importance of infant baptism .	Past
( Augustine 's term " mathematici " , meaning " astrologers " , is sometimes mistranslated as " mathematicians " . )	Past
Epistemological concerns shaped Augustine 's intellectual development .	Past
Augustine asserted that Christians should be pacifists as a personal , philosophical stance .	Past
While not breaking down the conditions necessary for war to be just , Augustine coined the phrase in his work " The City of God " .	Past
Included in Augustine 's earlier theodicy is the claim that God created humans and angels as rational beings possessing free will .	Past
Sin impairs free will , while grace restores it .	Pres
Only a will that was once free can be subjected to sin 's corruption .	Past
The Catholic Church considers Augustine 's teaching to be consistent with free will .	Pres
For Augustine , proper love exercises a denial of selfish pleasure and the subjugation of corporeal desire to God .	Pres
Henry Chadwick believes an accurate translation of " retractationes " may be " reconsiderations " .	Pres
He recommended adapting educational practices to fit the students ' educational backgrounds :	Past
Augustine balanced his teaching philosophy with the traditional Bible-based practice of strict discipline .	Past
His meditations on the nature of time are closely linked to his consideration of the human ability of memory .	Past
Edmund Husserl writes : " The analysis of time-consciousness is an age-old crux of descriptive psychology and theory of knowledge .	Pres
Arendt ... envisioned even the extreme evil which produced the Holocaust as merely banal [ in " Eichmann in Jerusalem " ] . "	Past
Much of Augustine 's conversion is dramatized in the oratorio " La conversione di Sant 'Agostino " ( 1750 ) composed by Johann Adolph Hasse .	Past
This is displayed by Hasse through extended recitative passages .	Past
Acting also demands an ability to employ dialects , accents , improvisation , observation and emulation , mime , and stage combat .	Pres
The vast majority of professional actors have undergone extensive training .	Past
From Thespis ' name derives the word " thespian " .	Pres
Professional actors sometimes undertake unpaid work for a variety of reasons , including educational purposes or for charity events .	Pres
Applications to drama programmes and conservatories usually involve extensive auditions .	Pres
These classes introduce young actors to different aspects of acting and theatre , including scene study .	Pres
With improvisation , she argued , people may find expressive freedom , since they do not know how an improvised situation will turn out .	Past
Improvisation demands an open mind in order to maintain spontaneity , rather than pre-planning a response .	Pres
The approach to acting adopted by other theatre practitioners involve varying degrees of concern with the semiotics of acting .	Pres
The answer varies according to how one sees the effect to be produced in the audience and the social function of theatre .	Pres
Throughout the performance heart-rate rises the most before an actor is speaking .	Pres
The stress and thus heart-rate of the actor then drops significantly at the end of a monologue , big action scene , or performance .	Pres
This triggered similar revolutions across Ionia , extending to Doris and Aeolis , beginning the Ionian Revolt .	Past
This action marks the end of the Persian invasion , and the beginning of the next phase in the Greco-Persian wars , the Greek counterattack .	Pres
After Mycale , the Greek cities of Asia Minor again revolted , with the Persians now powerless to stop them .	Past
The Allied fleet then sailed to the Thracian Chersonese , still held by the Persians , and besieged and captured the town of Sestos .	Past
The loose alliance of city states which had fought against Xerxes 's invasion had been dominated by Sparta and the Peloponnesian league .	Past
League members swore to have the same friends and enemies , and dropped ingots of iron into the sea to symbolize the permanence of their alliance .	Past
Over time , especially with the suppression of rebellions , Athens exercised hegemony over the rest of the league .	Past
Pangaion threatened and defected from the League to Persia .	Past
After more than two years of siege , Thasos surrendered to the Athenian leader Aristides and was forced back into the league .	Past
As a result , the fortification walls of Thasos were torn down , and they had to pay yearly tribute and fines .	Past
Additionally , their land , naval ships , and the mines of Thasos were confiscated by Athens .	Past
The siege of Thasos marks the transformation of the Delian league from an alliance into , in the words of Thucydides , a hegemony .	Pres
In 461 BC , Cimon was ostracized and was succeeded in his influence by democrats such as Ephialtes and Pericles .	Past
This signaled a complete change in Athenian foreign policy , neglecting the alliance with the Spartans and instead allying with her enemies , Argos and Thessaly .	Past
However , Plutarch indicates that many of Pericles 's rivals viewed the transfer to Athens as usurping monetary resources to fund elaborate building projects .	Pres
Athens also switched from accepting ships , men and weapons as dues from league members , to only accepting money .	Past
The Delian League was turning from an alliance into an empire .	Pres
In 460 BC , Egypt revolted under local leaders the Hellenes called Inaros and Amyrtaeus , who requested aid from Athens .	Past
The remainder escaped to Cyrene and thence returned home .	Past
Two months later , the Athenians under Myronides invaded Boeotia , and winning the Battle of Oenophyta gained control of the whole country except Thebes .	Past
Euboea and Megara revolted , and while the former was restored to its status as a tributary ally , the latter was a permanent loss .	Past
This type of treatment was not reserved solely for those who revolted .	Past
Thucydides documents the example of Melos , a small island , neutral in the war , though founded by Spartans .	Pres
The term " avionics " was coined by the journalist Philip J. Klass as a portmanteau of " aviation electronics " .	Past
International standards for avionics equipment are prepared by the Airlines Electronic Engineering Committee ( AEEC ) and published by ARINC .	Past
Communications connect the flight deck to the ground and the flight deck to the passengers .	Pres
Each channel is spaced from the adjacent ones by 8.33 kHz in Europe , 25 kHz elsewhere .	Past
Navigation systems calculate the position automatically and display it to the flight crew on moving map displays .	Pres
Autopilot was first invented by Lawrence Sperry during World War I to fly bomber planes steady enough to hit accurate targets from 25,000 feet .	Past
Nowadays most commercial planes are equipped with aircraft flight control systems in order to reduce pilot error and workload at landing or takeoff .	Past
With safety critical systems , the software is very strictly tested .	Past
They are often recovered from an aircraft after a crash to determine control settings and other parameters during the incident .	Past
Health and usage monitoring systems ( HUMS ) are integrated with aircraft management computers to give maintainers early warnings of parts that will need replacement .	Past
The integrated modular avionics concept proposes an integrated architecture with application software portable across an assembly of common hardware modules .	Pres
Dipping sonar fitted to a range of military helicopters allows the helicopter to protect shipping assets from submarines or surface threats .	Past
The avionics systems in military , commercial and advanced models of civilian aircraft are interconnected using an avionics databus .	Past
An association with Ares endows places and objects with a savage , dangerous , or militarized quality .	Pres
When Ares does appear in myths , he typically faces humiliation .	Pres
During the Hellenization of Latin literature , the myths of Ares were reinterpreted by Roman writers under the name of Mars .	Past
Zeus expresses a recurring Greek revulsion toward the god when Ares returns wounded and complaining from the battlefield at Troy :	Pres
A late-6th-century BC funerary inscription from Attica emphasizes the consequences of coming under Ares 's sway :	Pres
In Sparta , Ares was viewed as a model soldier : his resilience , physical strength , and military intelligence were unrivaled .	Past
An ancient statue , representing the god in chains , suggests that the martial spirit and victory were to be kept in the city of Sparta .	Pres
Ares was also worshipped by the inhabitants of Tylos .	Past
Others have also posited that the " Sword of Mars " alludes to the Huns having adopted this deity .	Past
At Sparta , however , each company of youths sacrificed a puppy to Enyalios before engaging in ritual fighting at the Phoebaeum .	Past
Paul the Apostle later preached about Christianity there .	Past
Ares 's sister Hebe ( " Youth " ) also draws baths for him .	Pres
While Eros 's and Anteros 's godly stations favored their mother , Adrestia preferred to emulate her father , often accompanying him to war .	Past
For this deed , Poseidon summoned Ares to appear before the tribunal of the Olympic gods , which was held upon a hill in Athens .	Past
Heracles slaughtered this abominable monstrosity , engendering the wrath of Ares , whom the hero wounded in conflict .	Past
In this way , Cadmus harmonized all strife and founded the city of Thebes .	Past
Contriving to catch the illicit couple in the act , Hephaestus fashioned a finely-knitted and nearly invisible net with which to snare them .	Past
At the appropriate time , this net was sprung , and trapped Ares and Aphrodite locked in very private embrace .	Past
For the sake of modesty , the goddesses demurred , but the male gods went to witness the sight .	Past
Some commented on the beauty of Aphrodite , others remarked that they would eagerly trade places with Ares , but all who were present mocked the two .	Past
" In this one suspects a festival of licence which is unleashed in the thirteenth month . "	Pres
Hera and Athena encouraged Diomedes to attack Ares ( V.780 – 834 ) .	Past
Athena overpowered him by striking Ares with a boulder ( XXI.391 – 408 ) .	Past
The marriage was dissolved in 1929 and Schapiro / Tanaroff acknowledged his paternity , but never married Hanka .	Past
Shortly afterwards his father was interned in Le Vernet .	Past
He and his mother were then interned in various camps from 1940 to 1942 as " undesirable dangerous foreigners " .	Past
Working on his own , he rediscovered the Lebesgue measure .	Past
Closely linked to these cohomology theories , he originated topos theory as a generalisation of topology ( relevant also in categorical logic ) .	Past
In addition , after several years at the IHÉS , Grothendieck seemed to cast about for new intellectual interests .	Past
Influenced by the Catholic mystic Marthe Robin who was claimed to survive on the Holy Eucharist alone , Grothendieck almost starved himself to death in 1988 .	Past
They have been digitized for preservation and are freely available in open access through the Institut Montpelliérain Alexander Grothendieck portal .	Past
He asks that none of his work be reproduced in whole or in part and that copies of this work be removed from libraries .	Pres
This order may have been reversed later in 2010 .	Past
He also pioneered the systematic use of nilpotents .	Past
His influence spilled over into many other branches of mathematics , for example the contemporary theory of D-modules .	Past
( It also provoked adverse reactions , with many mathematicians seeking out more concrete areas and problems . )	Past
For example , the number of solutions of an equation over a finite field reflects the topological nature of its solutions over the complex numbers .	Pres
Grothendieck approached algebraic geometry by clarifying the foundations of the field , and by developing mathematical tools intended to prove a number of notable conjectures .	Past
The Weil conjectures were formulated in the later 1940s as a set of mathematical problems in arithmetic geometry .	Past
They describe properties of analytic invariants , called local zeta functions , of the number of points on an algebraic curve or variety of higher dimension .	Pres
Among its uses , category theory creates a common language for describing similar structures and techniques seen in many different mathematical systems .	Pres
The emergence of a separate mathematical discipline of category theory has been attributed to Grothendieck 's influence , though unintentional .	Past
They also advise against dogma and coercive hierarchies .	Pres
After thirty days of working with Wilson , Smith drank his last drink on 10 June 1935 , the date marked by AA for its anniversaries .	Past
In 1955 , Wilson acknowledged AA 's debt , saying " The Oxford Groupers had clearly shown us what to do .	Past
In 2006 , AA counted 1,867,212 members and 106,202 AA groups worldwide .	Past
AA groups are self-supporting , relying on voluntary donations from members to cover expenses .	Pres
The AA General Service Office ( GSO ) limits contributions to US $ 3,000 a year .	Pres
Like individual groups , the GSO is self-supporting .	Pres
AA receives proceeds from books and literature that constitute more than 50 % of the income for its General Service Office .	Pres
All 12th Step calls that come to the Central Office are handed to sober AA members who have volunteered to handle these calls .	Past
It also maintains service centers , which coordinate activities such as printing literature , responding to public inquiries , and organizing conferences .	Pres
AA 's program extends beyond abstaining from alcohol .	Pres
Members are encouraged to find an experienced fellow alcoholic , called a sponsor , to help them understand and follow the AA program .	Past
AA shares the view that acceptance of one 's inherent limitations is critical to finding one 's proper place among other humans and God .	Pres
This commitment is facilitated by a change in the member 's worldview .	Past
To help members stay sober AA must , they argue , provide an all-encompassing worldview while creating and sustaining an atmosphere of transcendence in the organization .	Pres
As this tension is an integral part of AA , Rudy and Greil argue that AA is best described as a " quasi-religious organization " .	Pres
It explains many things for which we cannot otherwise account . "	Pres
AA later acknowledged that " alcoholism is not a true allergy , the experts now inform us . "	Past
Wilson explained in 1960 why AA had refrained from using the term " disease " :	Past
AA 's New York General Service Office regularly surveys AA members in North America .	Pres
In addition , AA publishes a variety of pamphlets specifically for the incarcerated alcoholic .	Pres
This has also happened with new male members who received guidance from older female AA members , in pursuit of sexual company .	Past
The authors suggest that both men and women need to be prepared for this behavior or find Male only or female-only groups .	Pres
AA 's pamphlet on sponsorship suggests that men be sponsored by men and women be sponsored by women .	Pres
Stanton Peele argued that some AA groups apply the disease model to all problem drinkers , whether or not they are " full-blown " alcoholics .	Past
The Big Book suggests no program for these drinkers , but instead seeks to help drinkers without " power of choice in drink . "	Pres
One review of AA warned of detrimental iatrogenic effects of twelve-step philosophy and concluded that AA uses many methods that are also used by cults .	Past
Alcoholics Anonymous publishes several books , reports , pamphlets , and other media , including a periodical known as the " AA Grapevine " .	Pres
Jason sarcastically apologizes to George throughout the episode .	Pres
The show also explores themes of alcoholism , drug addiction and relapse .	Pres
In this case , the 0.35 value for the G channel actually indicates 70 % green intensity ( with 50 % opacity ) .	Pres
Fully green would be encoded as ( 0 , 0.5 , 0 , 0.5 ) .	Past
because the RGB components are not correctly weighted , giving incorrectly high weighting to the color of the more transparent ( lower alpha ) pixels .	Past
As an example , the over operator can be accomplished by applying the following formula to each pixel value :	Past
This alpha value also corresponds to the ratio of " SRC over DST " in Porter and Duff equations .	Pres
If premultiplied alpha is used , the above equations are simplified to :	Past
This mode devotes 5 bits for every primary RGB color ( 15-bit RGB ) plus a remaining bit as the " alpha channel " .	Pres
The gamma correction can be roughly summarised as below :	Past
An array is stored such that the position of each element can be computed from its index tuple by a mathematical formula .	Past
They effectively exploit the addressing logic of computers .	Pres
Processors , especially vector processors , are often optimized for array operations .	Past
Accessing its elements involves a single subscript which can either represent a row or column index .	Pres
As an example consider the C declaration codice _ 4	Pres
stored linearly but starting from first row linear then continuing with second row .	Past
The above array will be stored as a , a , a , a , a , a .	Past
Even if arrays are always created with contiguous elements , some array slicing operations may create non-contiguous sub-arrays from them .	Pres
Array accesses with statically predictable access patterns are a major source of data parallelism .	Pres
Specialized associative arrays with integer keys include Patricia tries , Judy arrays , and van Emde Boas trees .	Past
Created by the Scottish-born composer Peter Dodds McCormick , the song was first performed in 1878 and sung in Australia as a patriotic song .	Past
This decision by Whitlam was driven by the desire to forge a new nationalism separate from Great Britain .	Past
The Australia Council for the Arts organised the contest , which was dubbed the " Australian National Anthem Quest " .	Past
Conducted through the Australian Bureau of Statistics , it polled 60,000 people nationally .	Past
Our land abounds in nature 's gifts	Pres
Renowned of all the lands ;	Past
Non-commercial use of the anthem is permitted without case-by-case permission , but the Commonwealth government requires permission for commercial use .	Past
< poem style = " float : left ; " > Australia 's sons let us rejoice ,	Past
Our land abounds in Nature 's gifts	Pres
True British courage bore him on ,	Past
Til he landed on our shore .	Past
The 1901 Federation version of the third verse was originally sung as :	Past
Renowned of all the lands ;	Past
Both the lyrics and melody of the Australian national anthem have been criticised in some quarters as being dull and unendearing to the Australian people .	Past
The line " for we are young and free " has been criticised by a Victorian judge who said that many indigenous Australians find the words offensive .	Past
In some area codes , multiple additional prefixes had been reserved for test purposes , in addition to the standard 958 and 959 .	Past
Many area codes reserved 999 ; 320 was also formerly reserved in Bell Canada territory .	Past
The North American Numbering Plan reserves 958-XXXX and 1-NPA-959-XXXX for local and long-distance test numbers in almost all USA and Canadian area codes .	Pres
Some may be announcing caller ID , which is not the same as ANI .	Pres
Printed in 1504 or 1505 , it claimed to be an account of four voyages to the Americas made by Vespucci between 1497 and 1504 .	Past
In the 18th century , three unpublished familiar letters from Vespucci to Lorenzo de ' Medici were rediscovered .	Past
The first and fourth voyages are perhaps fabricated , but the second and third are certain .	Past
However , some modern scholars have doubted that this voyage took place , and consider this letter a forgery .	Past
After hitting land at the coast of what is now Guyana , the two seem to have separated .	Pres
On reaching the coast of Brazil , they sailed south along the coast of South America to Rio de Janeiro 's bay .	Past
Although these stars had been known to the ancient Greeks , gradual precession had lowered them below the European horizon so that they had been forgotten .	Past
Like his alleged first voyage , Vespucci 's last voyage in 1503 – 1504 is also disputed to have taken place .	Past
Gauguin encouraged his growing interest in decorative art , an interest that led Maillol to take up tapestry design .	Past
Maillol 's first major sculpture , " A Seated Woman " , was modeled after his wife .	Past
He also illustrated " Daphnis and Chloe " by Longus ( 1937 ) and " Chansons pour elle " by Paul Verlaine ( 1939 ) .	Past
A year later , his mother remarried .	Past
Indeed , at the age of nine , he executed two small shrines of Carrara marble , which are still extant .	Past
The statues were begun in 1775 , and both were completed by 1777 .	Past
The pieces exemplify the late Rococo style .	Pres
On the year of its completion , both works were exhibited for the Feast of the Ascension in Piazza S. Marco .	Past
The statue depicts the victorious Theseus seated on the lifeless body of a Minotaur .	Pres
The monument secured Canova 's reputation as the pre-eminent living artist .	Past
Canova harmonized its design with the older Baroque funerary monuments in the basilica .	Past
" Venus Victrix " was originally conceived as a robed and recumbent sculpture of Pauline Borghese in the guise of Diana .	Past
In 1819 , he commenced and completed his commissioned work " Venus Italica " as a replacement for the Venus de ' Medici .	Past
During the period that intervened between commencing operations at Possagno and his death , he executed or finished some of his most striking works .	Past
A marble copy was sculpted by Romano Vio in 1970 , now on view in the rotunda of the capitol building .	Past
In 1822 , he journeyed to Naples , to superintend the construction of wax moulds for an equestrian statue of Ferdinand VII .	Past
From there , he voyaged to Venice ; however , on 13 October 1822 , he died there at the age of 64 .	Past
On 12 October 1822 , Canova instructed his brother to use his entire estate to complete the Tempio in Possagno .	Past
It depicts the Greek hero Perseus after his victory over the Gorgon Medusa .	Pres
Originally , Canova wished the depictation to be of a robed Diana , but Pauline Borghese insisted to appear as a nude Venus .	Past
In each of these , Canova 's underlying artistic motivations were to challenge , if not compete , with classical statues .	Pres
Importantly , his friends also denied any usage of acids in his process .	Past
Canova was also faulted for creating works that were artificial in complexity .	Past
The Romantic period artists buried Canova 's name soon after he died , but he is slowly being rediscovered .	Past
Rodin possessed a unique ability to model a complex , turbulent , deeply pocketed surface in clay .	Past
Many of his most notable sculptures were criticized during his lifetime .	Past
They clashed with predominant figurative sculpture traditions , in which works were decorative , formulaic , or highly thematic .	Past
Rodin 's most original work departed from traditional themes of mythology and allegory , modeled the human body with realism , and celebrated individual character and physicality .	Past
He was largely self-educated , and began to draw at age 10 .	Past
Rodin 's eleven-year-old son Auguste , possibly developmentally delayed , was also in the ever-helpful Thérèse 's care .	Past
In competitions for commissions he submitted models of Denis Diderot , Jean-Jacques Rousseau , and Lazare Carnot , all to no avail .	Past
Gambetta spoke of Rodin in turn to several government ministers , likely including , the Undersecretary of the Ministry of Fine Arts , whom Rodin eventually met .	Past
Rodin 's relationship with Turquet was rewarding : through him , he won the 1880 commission to create a portal for a planned museum of decorative arts .	Pres
He pursued an opportunity to create a historical monument for the town of Calais .	Past
Still , Rodin was gaining support from diverse sources that propelled him toward fame .	Pres
Claudel and Rodin parted in 1898 .	Past
In 1864 , Rodin submitted his first sculpture for exhibition , " The Man with the Broken Nose " , to the Paris Salon .	Past
The work emphasized texture and the emotional state of the subject ; it illustrated the " unfinishedness " that would characterize many of Rodin 's later sculptures .	Past
Modeled after a Belgian soldier , the figure drew inspiration from Michelangelo 's " Dying Slave " , which Rodin had observed at the Louvre .	Past
Rodin vigorously denied the charges , writing to newspapers and having photographs taken of the model to prove how the sculpture differed .	Past
He demanded an inquiry and was eventually exonerated by a committee of sculptors .	Past
Others rallied to defend the piece and Rodin 's integrity .	Past
While " The Age of Bronze " is statically posed , " St. John " gestures and seems to move toward the viewer .	Past
The model , an Italian peasant who presented himself at Rodin 's studio , possessed an idiosyncratic sense of movement that Rodin felt compelled to capture .	Past
In 1880 , Rodin submitted the sculpture to the Paris Salon .	Past
The artistic community knew his name .	Past
" The Gates of Hell " comprised 186 figures in its final form .	Past
Other observers de-emphasize the apparent intellectual theme of " The Thinker " , stressing the figure 's rough physicality and the emotional tension emanating from it .	Pres
The town of Calais had contemplated a historical monument for decades when Rodin learned of the project .	Past
He pursued the commission , interested in the medieval motif and patriotic theme .	Past
One year into the commission , the Calais committee was not impressed with Rodin 's progress .	Past
Rodin indicated his willingness to end the project rather than change his design to meet the committee 's conservative expectations , but Calais said to continue .	Past
In 1889 , " The Burghers of Calais " was first displayed to general acclaim .	Past
The committee was incensed by the untraditional proposal , but Rodin would not yield .	Past
Only after damage during the First World War , subsequent storage , and Rodin 's death was the sculpture displayed as he had intended .	Past
Commissioned to create a monument to French writer Victor Hugo in 1889 , Rodin dealt extensively with the subject of " artist and muse " .	Past
The realized sculpture displays Balzac cloaked in the drapery , looking forcefully into the distance with deeply gouged features .	Past
A modern critic , indeed , indicates that " Balzac " is one of Rodin 's masterpieces .	Pres
The popularity of Rodin 's most famous sculptures tends to obscure his total creative output .	Pres
His sculpture emphasized the individual and the concreteness of flesh , and suggested emotion through detailed , textured surfaces , and the interplay of light and shadow .	Past
Charles Baudelaire echoed those themes , and was among Rodin 's favorite poets .	Past
Rodin enjoyed music , especially the opera composer Gluck , and wrote a book about French cathedrals .	Past
Instead of copying traditional academic postures , Rodin preferred his models to move naturally around his studio ( despite their nakedness ) .	Past
George Bernard Shaw sat for a portrait and gave an idea of Rodin 's technique : " While he worked , he achieved a number of miracles .	Past
His income from portrait commissions alone totaled probably 200,000 francs a year .	Past
From 1910 , he mentored the Russian sculptor , Moissey Kogan .	Past
All nudes , these works provoked great controversy and were ultimately hidden behind a drape with special permission given for viewers to see them .	Past
Rodin willed to the French state his studio and the right to make casts from his plasters .	Past
In the three decades following his death , his popularity waned with changing aesthetic values .	Past
His popularity is ascribed to his emotion-laden representations of ordinary men and women – to his ability to find the beauty and pathos in the human animal .	Past
Henry Moore acknowledged Rodin 's seminal influence on his work .	Past
In the market for sculpture , plagued by fakes , the value of a piece increases significantly when its provenance can be established .	Pres
The university significantly shapes Ann Arbor 's economy as it employs about 30,000 workers , including about 12,000 in the medical center .	Pres
The city 's economy is also centered on high technology , with several companies drawn to the area by the university 's research and development infrastructure .	Past
Since the university 's establishment in the city in 1837 , the histories of the University of Michigan and Ann Arbor have been closely linked .	Past
In 1851 , Ann Arbor was chartered as a city , though the city showed a drop in population during the Depression of 1873 .	Past
During the ensuing 15 years , many countercultural and New Left enterprises sprang up and developed large constituencies within the city .	Past
Since then , a vociferous local debate has hinged on how and whether to accommodate and guide development within city limits .	Past
Ann Arbor consistently ranks in the " top places to live " lists published by various mainstream media outlets every year .	Pres
Ann Arbor Charter Township adjoins the city 's north and east sides .	Pres
Precipitation tends to be the heaviest during the summer months , but most frequent during winter .	Pres
The University of Michigan shapes Ann Arbor 's economy significantly .	Pres
It employs about 30,000 workers , including about 12,000 in the medical center .	Pres
The Argus camera company , originally a subsidiary of International Radio , manufactured cameras in Ann Arbor from 1936 to the 1960s .	Past
Ann Arbor Terminals manufactured a video-display terminal called the Ann Arbor Ambassador during the 1980s .	Past
Duo Security , a cloud-based access security provider protecting thousands of organizations worldwide through two-factor authentication , is headquartered in Ann Arbor .	Past
Avfuel , a global supplier of aviation fuels and services , is also headquartered in Ann Arbor .	Past
Aastrom Biosciences , a publicly traded company that develops stem cell treatments for cardiovascular diseases , is also headquartered in Ann Arbor .	Past
The Ann Arbor District Library maintains four branch outlets in addition to its main downtown building .	Pres
Scheduled on Thursday through Sunday of the third week of July , the fairs draw upward of half a million visitors .	Past
The level of most crimes in Ann Arbor has fallen significantly in the past 20 years .	Past
In September 2008 , 16,539 students had been enrolled in the Ann Arbor Public Schools .	Past
The University of Michigan dominates the city of Ann Arbor , providing the city with its distinctive college-town character .	Pres
It also produces a daily digital edition named Mlive.com .	Pres
Since April 2012 , route 98 ( the " AirRide " ) connects to Detroit Metro Airport a dozen times a day .	Pres
The Michigan Flyer , a service operated by Indian Trails , cooperates with AAATA for their AirRide and additionally offers bus service to East Lansing .	Pres
Some of those provisions have been altered by subsequent legislation .	Past
The original documents are deposited in the Lower Saxon State Archives in Hanover , Germany .	Past
Elizabeth had borne nine children who reached adulthood , of whom Sophia was the youngest daughter .	Past
Had she not done so , Phillips would have forfeited his place in the succession upon their marriage .	Past
An appeal of the decision was dismissed on 16 March 2005 .	Past
The British group Republic asserted that succession reform would not make the monarchy any less discriminatory .	Past
All in all , 2,996 people perished and more than 6,000 others were injured in the attacks .	Past
On regaining consciousness in mid-flight , Minhas struggled for flight control as well as relaying the news of his hijack to the PAF base .	Past
It teaches crew members to comply with the hijackers ' demands , get the plane to land safely and then let the security forces handle the situation .	Pres
In 2012 , six hijackers hijacked Tianjin Airlines flight 7554 .	Past
An air traffic controller who suspects an aircraft may have been hijacked may ask the pilot to confirm " squawking assigned code . "	Past
Cockpit doors on most commercial aircraft have been strengthened and are now bullet resistant .	Past
Screening passengers with metal detectors and luggage with x-ray machines helps prevent weapons from being taken on an aircraft .	Pres
Along with the FAA , the FBI also monitors terror suspects .	Pres
Any person who is seen as a threat to civil aviation is banned from flying .	Past
Other countries , such as India , Poland , and Russia , have enacted similar laws or decrees that allow the downing of hijacked planes .	Past
The list of strategic targets is prepared by the Bureau of Civil Aviation in India .	Past
The then President of Germany , Horst Köhler , himself urged judicial review of the constitutionality of the Luftsicherheitsgesetz after he signed it into law in 2005 .	Past
Article 1 of the Convention defines the offences to which it applies .	Pres
Nothing of this megaron survives except , probably , a single limestone column-base and pieces of several sandstone steps .	Pres
A temple to " Athena Polias " , the tutelary deity of the city , was erected between 570 – 550 BC .	Past
The temple may have been burnt down during 406 / 405 BC as Xenophon mentions that the old temple of Athena was set afire .	Past
However , after the victorious Battle of Marathon in 490 BC , the plan was revised and marble was used instead .	Past
The building was burned and looted , along with the " Ancient Temple " and practically everything else on the rock .	Past
The devastated site was cleared of debris .	Past
The entrance , facing east , is lined with six Ionic columns .	Past
These were rededicated during the early Roman Empire to Augustus or Claudius ( uncertain ) , and Agrippa , respectively .	Past
The original sediments were deposited in a river delta approximately 70 million years ago .	Past
The marble utilized to construct the buildings of the Acropolis was sourced from the quarries of Mount Pentelicus , a mountain to the northeast of the city .	Past
He later enrolled at the University of Ingolstadt and graduated in 1768 at age 20 with a doctorate of law .	Past
Weishaupt was initiated into the Masonic lodge " Theodor zum guten Rath " , at Munich in 1777 .	Past
'The independence of thought and judgement required by Kant ... was specifically prevented by the Order of the Illuminati 's rules and regulations .	Past
The protagonist uncovers a virus engineered by the VersaLife Corporation with its molecular structure in multiples of 17 and 23 .	Pres
Problems with the ULA delayed the Electron , however , and Acorn repeatedly missed deadlines to ship the computer .	Past
The ROM slots could be booted from via the " Shift + BREAK " key-combination .	Past
The total number of lines exposed via the Cartridge port almost matched those from the 1 MHz bus of the BBC .	Past
The ADFS system could be temporarily disabled ( and PAGE reset to & E00 ) via the * NOADFS command .	Past
Disks could also be booted from via the standard " Shift + BREAK " key-combination , if the ! BOOT file was present on the disk .	Past
The * EFORM command was only supplied on the Welcome disc that was shipped with the Plus3 , and was not included in the ROM .	Past
For the PRES5 , and other similar interfaces , the User Port is usually implemented via a 6522 VIA chip .	Past
The hardware of the BBC Micro was emulated by a single customized ULA chip designed by Acorn in conjunction with Ferranti .	Past
The edge-connector on the rear of the Electron exposed almost all the Bus lines , but not all .	Past
Issue 5 and 6 boards utilized a different epoxy resin covering directly over the ULA , which resolved this issue .	Past
Like the BBC Micro , the Electron was constrained by limited memory resources .	Past
In order to keep track of its position within the display , the Electron maintains an internal display address counter .	Pres
Electron software is predominantly archived in the UEF file format .	Past
The Zones reflect fundamental differences in basic physical laws , and one of the main consequences is their effect on intelligence , both biological and artificial .	Pres
The four zones are spoken of in terms of " low " to " high " as follows :	Past
The expedition 's facility , High Lab , is gradually compromised by a dormant superintelligence within the archive later known as the Blight .	Past
The Blight assumes that it is no threat , but later realizes that it is actually carrying away a " countermeasure " against it .	Pres
Upon landing , however , the two surviving adults are ambushed and killed by Tine fanatics known as Flenserists , in whose realm they have landed .	Past
A distress signal from the sleeper ship eventually reaches " Relay " , a major node in the galactic communications network .	Pres
It finally realizes where the danger truly lies and sends a hastily assembled fleet in pursuit of the " Out of Band II " .	Pres
The humans arrive at the Tines homeworld and ally with Woodcarver to defeat the Flenserists .	Pres
The humans are stranded on the Tines world , now in the depths of the " Slow Zone " .	Past
All humans in the novel ( except Pham ) are descended from Nyjoran stock .	Past
( " Nyjora " sounds similar to New Norwegian " New Earth " . )	Pres
( Vinge indicates in the book 's dedication that several key ideas in it came to him while at a conference in Tromsø , Norway . )	Pres
He did at least understand that " An object offers as much resistance to the air as the air does to the object . "	Pres
In practice de Terzi 's spheres would have collapsed under air pressure , and further developments had to wait for more practicable lifting gases .	Past
Sir George Cayley ( 1773-1857 ) is widely acknowledged as the founder of modern aeronautics .	Past
During the 19th century Cayley 's ideas were refined , proved and expanded on .	Past
Rocket engines push rockets forwards simply by throwing their exhaust backwards extremely fast .	Pres
However , careful design , testing , construction and use minimizes risks .	Pres
They patented an improved cinematograph , which in contrast to Thomas Edison 's " peepshow " kinetoscope allowed simultaneous viewing by multiple parties .	Past
The brothers patented their own version on 13 February 1895 .	Past
The American Woodville Latham had screened works of film 2 months later on 20 May 1895 .	Past
Their actuality films , or " actualités " , are often cited as the first , primitive documentaries .	Past
In parallel with their cinema work they experimented with colour photography .	Past
This last process was commercialised by the Lumieres but commercial success had to wait for their next colour process .	Past
In 1903 they patented a colour photographic process , the " Autochrome Lumière " , which was launched on the market in 1907 .	Past
They also invented the colour plate , which really got photography on the road .	Past
Since 1892 , the projected drawings of Émile Reynaud 's Théâtre Optique were attracting Paris crowds to the Musée Grévin .	Pres
Louis Le Prince and Claude Mechant had been shooting moving picture sequences on paper film as soon as 1888 , but had never performed a public demonstration .	Pres
Rejected by the Jews , under the guidance of the Apostle Peter the message is taken to the Gentiles .	Past
Thus while Acts is widely thought of as a history , it lacks exact analogies in Hellenistic or Jewish literature .	Pres
The author assumes an educated Greek-speaking audience , but directs his attention to specifically Christian concerns rather than to the Greco-Roman world at large .	Pres
Stephen 's death marks a major turning point : the Jews have rejected the message , and henceforth it will be taken to the Gentiles .	Pres
The Holy Spirit descends on Peter and Cornelius , thus confirming that the message of eternal life in Christ is for all mankind .	Pres
Paul spends the next few years traveling through western Asia Minor and the Aegean , preaching , converting Gentiles , and founding new churches .	Pres
Thus Paul is depicted as a moderating presence between the church and the Roman Empire .	Past
This has prompted scholars to refer to Sumerian and Akkadian in the third millennium BC as a " sprachbund " .	Past
The city of Aššur , together with a number of other Assyrian cities , seem to have been established by 2600 BC .	Pres
The Sumerians were eventually absorbed into the Akkadian ( Assyro-Babylonian ) population .	Past
Centered on the Tigris-Euphrates River System in Upper Mesopotamia , the Assyrian people came to rule powerful empires at several times .	Past
He also undertook extensive rebuilding work in Ashur itself , and Assyria appears to have redeveloped its former highly sophisticated financial and economic systems during his reign .	Pres
He progressed further south into what is today Arabia , conquering the " pre-Arab " South Semitic kingdoms of Dilmun and Meluhha .	Past
After a Babylonian revolt , he raided and plundered the temples in Babylon , regarded as an act of sacrilege .	Past
The king depended on both the citizen class and priests in his capital , and the landed nobility who supplied the horses needed by Assyria 's military .	Past
Documents and letters illustrate the importance of the latter to Assyrian society .	Pres
All free male citizens were obliged to serve in the army for a time , a system which was called the " ilku " -service .	Past
Men were permitted to divorce their wives with no compensation paid to the latter .	Past
If a woman committed adultery , she could be beaten or put to death .	Past
In the Middle Assyrian Laws , sex crimes were punished identically whether they were homosexual or heterosexual .	Past
Dorian Greeks usurped the earlier Mycenaean Greeks in western Asia Minor , and the Sea Peoples ravaged the Eastern Mediterranean .	Past
He cleared Aramean and other tribal peoples from Assyria 's borders and began to expand in all directions into Anatolia , Ancient Iran , Levant and Babylonia .	Past
He invaded and subjugated Babylonia , and then the migrant Chaldean and Sutean tribes settled in south eastern Mesopotamia whom he conquered and reduced to vassalage .	Past
Shalmaneser V reigned only briefly , but once more drove the Egyptians from southern Canaan , where they were fomenting revolt against Assyria .	Past
The Neo-Hittite states of northern Syria were conquered , as well as Cilicia .	Past
Nineveh was transformed into the largest city in the world at the time .	Past
In 671 BC he crossed the Sinai Desert , invaded and took Egypt with surprising ease and speed .	Past
He drove its foreign Nubian / Kushite and Ethiopian rulers out , destroying the Kushite Empire in the process .	Past
He had overthrown the short-lived Chaldean dynasty in Babylonia , after which the Chaldeans disappeared from history , being fully absorbed into the native population of Babylonia .	Past
Between 546 and 545 BC , Assyria rebelled against the new Persian Dynasty , which had usurped the previous Median dynasty .	Past
The rebellion centered around Tyareh was eventually quashed by Cyrus the Great .	Past
Nineveh was never rebuilt however , and 200 years after it was sacked Xenophon reported only small numbers of Assyrians living amongst its ruins .	Past
The Macedonian Empire ( 332 – 312 ) was partitioned in 312 BC .	Past
Other new religious movements also emerged in the form of gnostic sects such as Mandeanism , as well as the now extinct Manichean religion .	Past
For example , the Syriac Orthodox Church is purported to have been founded by St Peter himself in 67 AD .	Past
After the early Islamic conquests , Assyria was dissolved as an official administrative entity by an empire .	Past
Under the Arab Islamic empires , the Christian Assyrians were classed as " dhimmis " , who had certain restrictions imposed upon them .	Past
However , personal matters such as marriage and divorce were governed by the cultural laws of the Assyrians .	Past
The Assyrian Church structure thrived during the period of 600 – 1300 , and is regarded as a golden age for Assyrians .	Past
Thus was instituted the Josephite line , a third line of patriarchs .	Past
The Adana massacre of 1909 largely aimed at Armenian Christians also accounted for the murder of some 1,500 Assyrians .	Past
As a result , the Assyrians were vastly outnumbered , outgunned , surrounded , cut off , and without supplies .	Past
The Assyrians also sided with the British during the Iraqi revolt against the British .	Past
A couple of days later the Kurdish militia re-occupied the villages , an operation they portrayed as a liberation .	Past
An Assyrian calendar has been revived .	Past
This has prompted scholars to refer to Sumerian and Akkadian in the 3rd millennium BC as a " Sprachbund " .	Past
The original pagan religion of the Assyrians was widely adhered to until around the 4th century , and survived in pockets until at least the 10th century .	Past
Assyrians had begun to adopt Christianity ( as well as for a time Manicheanism and gnosticism ) between the 1st and 3rd centuries AD .	Past
At that time , Christians were persecuted in the Roman Empire , but were at peace under the expanding Persian Empire .	Past
They excluded any right of appeal against him to any patriarch in the West .	Past
His letter was intercepted , reportedly by Barsauma , metropolitan of Nisibis , between whom and Babowai there was a heated dispute .	Past
Barsauma welcomed its teachers and revived the school of Nisibis .	Past
At this time miaphysitism was advancing in the Persian Empire .	Pres
Many of its faithful were massacred during the First World War .	Past
In May 1892 , Alvares , with the consent of the Patriarch , ordained René Vilatte as Archbishop of America .	Past
Other stone reliefs depict the king with different deities and conducting religious ceremonies .	Pres
Aramaic was marginalised as an official language , but remained spoken in both Assyria and Babylonia by the general populace .	Past
It was remembered that there had been an Assyrian empire predating the Persian one , but all particulars were lost .	Past
Assyriology has since pieced together the formerly largely forgotten history of Mesopotamia .	Past
Aphasia also affects visual language such as sign language .	Pres
In contrast , the use of formulaic expressions in everyday communication is often preserved .	Past
The term " aphasia " implies that one or more communication modalities in the brain have been damaged and are therefore functioning incorrectly .	Pres
Aphasia affects about 2 million people in the US and 250,000 people in Great Britain .	Pres
The herpes simplex virus affects the frontal and temporal lobes , subcortical structures , and the hippocampal tissue , which can trigger aphasia .	Pres
In acute disorders , such as head injury or stroke , aphasia usually develops quickly .	Pres
When caused by brain tumor , infection , or dementia , it develops more slowly .	Pres
It is characterized by a gradual loss in language functioning while other cognitive domains are mostly preserved , such as memory and personality .	Past
PPA usually initiates with sudden word-finding difficulties in an individual and progresses to a reduced ability to formulate grammatically correct sentences ( syntax ) and impaired comprehension .	Pres
Most classifications of the aphasias tend to divide the various symptoms into broad classes .	Pres
However , no such broad-based grouping has proven fully adequate .	Past
Localizationist approaches aim to classify the aphasias according to their major presenting characteristics and the regions of the brain that most probably gave rise to them .	Pres
Inspired by the early work of nineteenth-century neurologists Paul Broca and Carl Wernicke , these approaches identify two major subtypes of aphasia and several more minor subtypes :	Pres
Many localizationist approaches also recognize the existence of additional , more " pure " forms of language disorder that may affect only a single language skill .	Pres
Once a theoretical framework has been established , the functioning of each module can then be assessed using a specific test or set of tests .	Past
Mirror neurons become activated when an animal is acting in a particular way or watching another individual act in the same manner .	Past
This finding implies that persons with aphasia have the potential to have functional outcomes regardless of how severe their aphasia may be .	Pres
( 2011 ) suggests that people benefit from continuing therapy upon discharge from the hospital to ensure generalization .	Pres
However , people 's daily routines and quality of life can be enhanced with reasonable and modest goals .	Past
Some people are so severely impaired that their existing process-oriented treatment approaches offer signs of progress , and therefore cannot justify the cost of therapy .	Past
Most acute cases of aphasia recover some or most skills by working with a speech-language pathologist .	Pres
Recovery also depends on the person 's age , health , motivation , handedness , and educational level .	Pres
Aphasia is rarely exhibited identically , implying that treatment needs to be catered specifically to the individual .	Past
SFA can be implemented in multiple forms such as verbally , written , using picture cards , etc .	Past
This suggests people in the sub-acute phase can improve greatly in language and functional communication measures with intensive therapy compared to regular therapy .	Pres
Each individual reacts differently to treatment intensity and is able to tolerate treatment at different times post-stroke .	Pres
The research being put into Aphasia has only just begun .	Past
The aorta distributes oxygenated blood to all parts of the body through the systemic circulation .	Past
Another system divides the aorta with respect to its course and the direction of blood flow .	Pres
In addition to these blood vessels , the aortic arch crosses the left main bronchus .	Pres
At the point of the bifurcation , there also springs a smaller branch , the median sacral artery .	Pres
This information is processed by the brain and the autonomic nervous system mediates the homeostatic responses .	Past
The elastic matrix dominates the biomechanical properties of the aorta .	Pres
The elastic recoil helps conserve the energy from the pumping heart and smooth out the pulsatile nature created by the heart .	Pres
A second , dorsal aorta carries oxygenated blood from the gills to the rest of the body , and is homologous with the descending aorta of tetrapods .	Pres
He has analysed complex proprietary protocols and algorithms , to allow compatible free and open source software implementations .	Past
For his PhD dissertation , he co-developed rsync , including the rsync algorithm , a highly efficient file transfer and synchronisation tool .	Past
This was cited as the reason that BitMover revoked a license allowing Linux developers free use of their BitKeeper product .	Past
It supersedes Integer BASIC and is the BASIC in ROM in all Apple II series computers after the original Apple II model .	Pres
Applesoft BASIC was supplied by Microsoft and its name is derived from the names of both Apple and Microsoft .	Past
The Applesoft license also saved Microsoft from near-bankruptcy when they licensed BASIC to Commodore for the PET in an agreement that proved unexpectedly costly for them .	Past
Conversely , Applesoft lacked the codice _ 9 ( remainder ) operator that had been present in Integer BASIC .	Past
The slot number of the card is specified after the PR # or IN # within the statement .	Past
As with Commodore BASIC , Applesoft handles numeric variables as 40-bit floating point , thus each variable requires five bytes of memory .	Pres
The RND function generates a pseudorandom fractional number between 0 and 1 .	Pres
In Applesoft BASIC , if is executed , the most recently generated random number is repeated .	Past
Random numbers are generated via a formula based on the previously generated value , and thus are not truly random .	Past
Microsoft licensed a BASIC compatible with Applesoft to VTech for its Laser 128 clone .	Past
Applesoft lacks several commands and functions common to most of the non-6502 Microsoft BASIC interpreters , such as :	Pres
The Apple II disk operating system , known simply as DOS , augments the language to provide such abilities .	Past
This mode essentially duplicates the resolution of the original hires mode , but including all 16 colors of the lores palette .	Pres
Applesoft BASIC programs are stored as a linked list of lines ; a codice _ 19 or codice _ 20 takes linear time .	Past
Consequently , it lacks a number of command features developed for the later , mainstream version :	Pres
Applesoft 1.x also prompted the user if he wished to disable the LET and REM statements in exchange for lo-res graphics functions .	Past
" Astérix " was originally serialised in " Pilote " magazine , debuting in the first issue on 29 October 1959 .	Past
Uderzo 's first sketches portrayed Asterix as a huge and strong traditional Gaulish warrior .	Past
He visualized Asterix as a shrewd small sized warrior who would prefer intelligence over strength .	Past
Despite the growing popularity of " Asterix " with the readers , the financial backing for " Pilote " ceased .	Past
Julius Caesar has conquered nearly all of Gaul for the Roman Republic .	Past
The humour encountered in the " Asterix " comics often centers around puns , caricatures , and tongue-in-cheek stereotypes of contemporary European nations and French regions .	Past
Although not a fully autonomous dialect , the books differ slightly from the language of the books issued in Hungary .	Pres
After their historic 2008 season , the Cardinals posted a 10 – 6 record in 2009 , their first season with 10 wins in Arizona .	Past
The uniform numbers were relocated to the right chest .	Past
The Cardinals also stripped the logos from their helmets for two games : at Cleveland and home vs. Pittsburgh .	Past
The Cardinal head on the helmet was repeated on the white jersey from 1982 to 1995 .	Past
In , the team unveiled its first major changes in a century .	Past
The cardinal-head logo was updated to look sleeker and meaner than its predecessor .	Past
However , the following season , in , the Cardinals again wore their red pants for their final 3 home games .	Past
They wore red pants with white jerseys in games on the road at the Cincinnati Bengals and Seattle Seahawks .	Past
With the temperature inside at a comfortable 70 ° F ( 21 ° C ) , the team opted to wear red jerseys at home full-time .	Past
The Cardinals wore white at home for the first time in a regular season game at State Farm Stadium against the Houston Texans on October 11 , .	Past
It honors former Cardinal greats from all eras of the franchise 's history .	Pres
The broadcasts are syndicated regionally to KTTU and KMSB-TV in Tucson , and KVVU-TV in Las Vegas .	Past
It never drops its prey .	Pres
The following February , Favre was traded to the Green Bay Packers .	Past
A 20-6 loss to the Donovan McNabb-led Philadelphia Eagles the following week , however , ended the Falcons ' season .	Pres
Wade Phillips acted as interim coach for the final 3 games .	Past
Before the 2007 season began , Vick was suspended indefinitely by the NFL after pleading guilty to charges involving dog fighting in the state of Virginia .	Past
On April 26 , Matt Ryan ( quarterback from Boston College ) was drafted third overall in the 2008 NFL draft by the Falcons .	Past
Atlanta exploded out of the gate , going a franchise best 8 – 0 and remaining the last unbeaten team in the NFL that year .	Past
Their hopes to get an undefeated season came to an end with a 27 – 31 loss to the division rival Saints .	Pres
However , injuries hampered the team 's performance and the team finished the season 4 – 12 .	Past
In February 2015 , the team was investigated by the NFL for alleged use of artificial crowd noise in the Georgia Dome .	Past
Matt Ryan threw for 503 yards , and Julio Jones caught twelve passes for 300 yards .	Past
When the team began play in 1966 , the Falcons wore red helmets with a black falcon crest logo .	Past
They wore white pants and either black or white jerseys .	Past
In select road games , the Falcons wear black pants with white jerseys .	Pres
They wore the combination again in 2006 , against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 2 .	Past
In the 1980s , the Falcons wore their white uniforms at home most of the time because of the heat .	Past
The Falcons Ring of Honor , which is featured in the rafters of the Georgia Dome , honors individual players .	Pres
Inmates of the " Intensive Management Unit " at Washington State Penitentiary who are adherents of Ásatrú in 2001 were deprived of their Thor 's Hammer medallions .	Past
An inmate sued the Virginia Department of Corrections after he was denied it while members of other religions were allowed their medallions .	Past
Ursula K. Le Guin coined the word " ansible " in her 1966 novel " Rocannon 's World " .	Past
Since Le Guin 's conception of the ansible , the name of the device has been borrowed by numerous authors .	Past
956 in Libice , he belonged to the Slavnik clan , one of the two most powerful families in Bohemia .	Past
Later Bishop Dietmar of Prague ordained him a Roman Catholic priest .	Past
Although Adalbert was from a wealthy family , he avoided comfort and luxury , and was noted for his charity and austerity .	Past
Five years later , Boleslaus requested that the Pope send Adalbert back to Prague , in hopes of securing his family 's support .	Past
She had fled to a convent , where she was killed .	Past
In upholding the right of sanctuary , Bishop Adalbert responded by excommunicating the murderers .	Past
Butler suggests that the incident was orchestrated by enemies of his family .	Pres
Adalbert then traveled to Hungary and probably baptized Géza of Hungary and his son Stephen in Esztergom .	Past
Adalbert again relinquished his diocese , namely that of Gniezno , and set out as a missionary to preach to the inhabitants near Prussia .	Past
A few years after his martyrdom , Adalbert was canonized as St. Adalbert of Prague .	Past
This fact may be explained by the Saint belonging to the Slavniks family which was rival to the Přemyslids .	Past
Thus St. Adalbert 's bones were preserved in Gniezno , which assisted Boleslaus I of Poland in increasing Polish political and diplomatic power in Europe .	Past
The one in Gniezno was stolen in 1923 .	Past
The massive bronze doors of Gniezno Cathedral , dating from around 1175 , are decorated with eighteen reliefs of scenes from the Saint 's life .	Past
It was commemorated in Poland , Czech Republic , Germany , Russia , and other nations .	Past
Ælfheah furthered the cult of Dunstan and also encouraged learning .	Past
Ælfheah was canonised as a saint in 1078 .	Past
Thomas Becket , a later Archbishop of Canterbury , prayed to him just before his own murder in Canterbury Cathedral .	Past
In 1011 the Danes again raided England , and from 8 – 29 September they laid siege to Canterbury .	Past
Aided by the treachery of Ælfmaer , whose life Ælfheah had once saved , the raiders succeeded in sacking the city .	Past
Canterbury Cathedral was plundered and burned by the Danes following Ælfheah 's capture .	Past
Pope Gregory VII canonised Ælfheah in 1078 , with a feast day of 19 April .	Past
He was persuaded of Ælfheah 's sanctity , but Ælfheah and Augustine of Canterbury were the only pre-conquest Anglo-Saxon archbishops kept on Canterbury 's calendar of saints .	Past
By the uniqueness of the multiplicative identity , " unitarity " is often treated like a property . )	Past
If one drops the requirement for the associativity , then one obtains a non-associative algebra .	Pres
The prime spectrum functor Spec then determines an anti-equivalence of this category to the category of affine schemes over Spec " R " .	Pres
However , it fails to preserve multiplication :	Pres
In first-order logic , the axiom reads :	Pres
In addition to omitting the axiom of regularity , non-standard set theories have indeed postulated the existence of sets that are elements of themselves .	Past
This contradicts the fact that they are disjoint sets .	Pres
This contradicts the conclusion that " w " is unranked .	Pres
We define a binary relation " R " on " S " by formula _ 7 , which is entire by assumption .	Pres
Naive set theory ( the axiom schema of unrestricted comprehension and the axiom of extensionality ) is inconsistent due to Russell 's paradox .	Past
In particular , ZF without the axiom of regularity already prohibits such a universal set .	Pres
In these theories , the axiom of regularity must be modified .	Past
IBM maintains that their license was irrevocable , and continued to sell and support the product until the litigation was adjudicated .	Past
AIX 7.2 was also restructured to remove obsolete components .	Past
The networking component , bos.net.tcp.client was repackaged to allow additional installation flexibility .	Past
The X Window package was priced at $ 195 , while the C and FORTRAN compilers each had a price tag of $ 275 .	Past
It should not be confused with A / UX , Apple 's earlier version of Unix for 68k-based Macintoshes .	Past
AIX v3 innovated in several ways on the software side .	Past
AIX 7 automatically manages the size of memory pages used to automatically use 4 KB , 64 KB or a combination of those page sizes .	Pres
SMIT also generates a log of commands that are performed in the codice _ 3 file .	Pres
SMIT also creates the codice _ 6 file , which contains additional detailed information that can be used by programmers in extending the SMIT system .	Pres
Data managed in ODM is stored and maintained as objects with associated attributes .	Past
Four months later , in October , AppleNet was cancelled .	Past
A series of memos from Bob Belleville clarified these concepts , outlining the Mac , LaserWriter and a file server system which would become Macintosh Office .	Past
Jobs ' earlier question to Sidhu had already sparked a number of ideas .	Past
However , the physical wiring used by these networks was not yet completely standardized .	Past
Apple solved this problem using a single port on the back of the computer into which the user could plug an adaptor for any given cabling system .	Past
Stanford University pioneered development of MacIP , which allowed IP packets to be routed over LocalTalk networks with the support of a suitable " gateway " machine .	Past
Although systems similar to AARP existed in other systems , Banyan VINES for instance , nothing like NBP has existed until recently .	Past
For socket numbers , a few well-known numbers were reserved for special purposes specific to the AppleTalk protocol itself .	Past
AARP resolves AppleTalk addresses to link layer , usually MAC , addresses .	Pres
If no address is provided , one is picked at random from the " base subnet " , 0 .	Past
It then broadcasts another packet saying " I am selecting this address " , and then waits to see if anyone else on the network complains .	Pres
AEP generates packets to be sent to the network node and is identified in the Type field of a packet as an AEP packet .	Pres
After it is identified as an AEP packet , it is forwarded to the node where the packet is examined by the DDP at the destination .	Past
Other larger computers , such as UNIX or VAX workstations , would commonly be networked via Ethernet .	Past
This discouraged the copying or modifying of the software on the disks and improved loading speed .	Past
Apple DOS was superseded by ProDOS , which supported a hierarchical filesystem and larger storage devices .	Past
The last II-series Apple in production , the IIe card for Macintoshes , was discontinued on October 15 , 1993 .	Past
The Apple II was targeted for the masses rather than just hobbyists and engineers ; it also influenced most of the microcomputers that followed it .	Past
The earliest Apple IIs were assembled in Silicon Valley , and later in Texas ; printed circuit boards were manufactured in Ireland and Singapore .	Past
The original Apple II was discontinued at the start of 1981 , having been superseded by the II + .	Past
The IIe RAM was configured as if it were a 48 kB Apple II Plus with a language card .	Past
The 80-column card also enabled one new graphics mode , Double Lo-Res ( 80 × 48 pixels ) .	Past
Introduced with the IIe was the DuoDisk , two 5.25-inch drives in a single enclosure designed to stack between the computer and the monitor .	Past
The DuoDisk was plagued by reliability problems , however , and did not catch on as well as the Apple IIe itself .	Past
The IIc even sported a carrying handle that folded down to prop the machine up into a typing position .	Past
The obsolete cassette port was omitted from the IIc .	Past
The Apple II evolved and advanced the platform while still maintaining near-complete backward compatibility .	Past
The Apple IIc Plus ceased production in 1990 , with its two-year production run being the shortest of all the Apple II computers .	Past
Many of the LC 's built-in Macintosh peripherals could be " borrowed " by the card when in Apple II mode ( i.e .	Pres
Steve Jobs insisted on promoting the color capability of the Apple II by putting rainbow stripes on the Apple logo .	Past
In its letterhead and business card implementation , the rounded " a " of the logotype echoed the " bite " in the logo .	Past
All of Apple 's packaging for the Apple II series looked similar , featuring lots of clean white space and showing the Apple rainbow logo prominently .	Past
The Apple II was frequently cloned , both in the United States and abroad and similar cloning of the IBM PC later occurred .	Past
Apple sued and sought criminal charges against clone makers in more than a dozen countries , and cooperated with the agency in investigations .	Past
A review of the ACT Apricot explained that it was not " yet another ' fruity ' Apple rip-off " .	Past
Apple also challenged VTech 's Laser 128 , an enhanced clone of the Apple IIc first released in 1984 , in court .	Past
Apple had neglected to obtain exclusive rights to the Applesoft dialect of BASIC from Microsoft ; VTech was the first cloner to license it .	Past
A Franklin model , the Ace 1000 , sported a numeric keypad and lower-case long before these features were added to the Apple II line .	Past
The case looked nearly identical .	Past
After the release of DOS 3.3 , the user community discontinued use of DOS 3.2 except for running legacy software .	Past
On a DOS 3.x disk , tracks 0 , 1 , and most of track 2 were reserved to store the operating system .	Past
The directory was fixed in size and could hold a maximum of 105 files .	Past
Its popularity bootstrapped the computer game and educational software markets and began the boom in the word processor and computer printer markets .	Past
The MESS emulator supports recording and playing back of Apple II emulation sessions , as does Home Action Replay Page ( a.k.a .	Pres
The Apple III could be viewed as an enhanced Apple II – then the newest heir to a line of 8-bit machines dating back to 1976 .	Past
Also , Apple SOS supports a hierarchical file system ( HFS ) .	Pres
Steve Jobs insisted on the idea of no fan or air vents , in order to make the computer run quietly .	Past
Unlike the Apple II series , the power supply was mounted – without its own shell – in a compartment separate from the logic board .	Past
The lead time for manufacturing the shells was high , and this had to be done before the motherboard was finalized .	Past
Later , it was realized that there wasn 't enough room on the motherboard for all of the components unless narrow traces were used .	Past
Other analyses blame a faulty automatic chip insertion process , not heat .	Past
Case designer Jerry Manock denied the design flaw charges , insisting that tests proved that the unit adequately dissipated the internal heat .	Past
Apple was soldering chips directly to boards and could not easily replace a bad chip if one was found .	Pres
Apple Business BASIC shipped with the Apple III .	Past
Donn Denman ported Applesoft BASIC to SOS and reworked it to take advantage of the extended memory of the Apple III .	Past
Apple Business BASIC eliminates all references to absolute memory addresses .	Pres
External binary subroutines and functions are loaded into memory by a single INVOKE disk-command that loads separately-assembled code modules .	Past
INVOKEd functions would be referenced in expressions by EXFN .	Past
( integer ) , with the function name appended , plus the argument-list for the function .	Past
Aliphatic compounds can be saturated , like hexane , or unsaturated , like hexene and hexyne .	Past
In the same year , he challenged then-reigning champion Vitali Klitschko , who stopped Williams in eight rounds .	Past
In February 2003 Williams travelled to Germany to fight the Turk Sinan Samil Sam for his European heavyweight title .	Past
In the UK , his local rivals Audley Harrison and Herbie Hide derided him in the press .	Past
Tyson was counted out sitting with his back to the ropes and made no attempt to get to his feet while looking up at the referee .	Past
In December he finally challenged for a world heavyweight title , but Vitali Klitschko proved too much , as Williams was stopped in the 8th round .	Past
In December Williams regained his old Commonwealth belt by beating undefeated Olympic gold medallist Audley Harrison by split decision .	Past
In December 2006 when Skelton dropped out of a fight with Audley Harrison , Williams stepped in at a weeks notice .	Past
In March 2007 Williams regained the British title in Wales with a 9th-round knockout of Scott Gammer .	Past
After 2 : 15 in the fourth and with the cut getting worse , the referee waved the fight off .	Past
Sauerland managing director Chris Meyer defended the decision .	Past
He knew the rules and worked them .	Past
Williams defended his British title for a third and final time against Dereck Chisora on 15 May 2010 .	Past
Sexton withdrew from the fight again after his mother suffered a brain aneurysm and Chisora stepped in as a replacement .	Past
Potter responded saying he was very keen on the fight .	Past
This fight was not recognised by BoxRec .	Past
The office has existed since the founding of the diocese in 1882 under Queen Victoria by division of the diocese of Durham .	Past
Located in the Solent , near Portsmouth , England , and is now a luxury hotel .	Past
For six weeks British TV personality Jeremy Beadle was locked in its dungeons .	Past
The Diocese of Ripon and Leeds was dissolved on 20 April 2014 and its former territory was added to the new Diocese of Leeds .	Past
In 2007 , ATS pulled the planned IPO of its solar division , Photowatt .	Past
ATS employs approximately 3900 people worldwide , with 21 facilities in North America , Europe and Asia .	Pres
Barrett outspent his opponent $ 857,922 to $ 27,891 .	Past
He was endorsed by the National Rifle Association , National Right to Life Committee , and the National Federation of Independent Business .	Past
Barrett supports offshore drilling to make the United States energy independent .	Pres
In 2006 , he cosponsored H.R .	Past
The diocese is administered from Brecon , with an additional office in Swansea .	Past
It was headquartered in Winnipeg , Manitoba .	Past
On August 30 , 2007 , the company formerly known as Agricore United ceased to exist and Saskatchewan Wheat Pool was rebranded to be known as Viterra .	Past
Currently , Liberia and Panama are particularly favoured .	Past
Merchant ships names are prefixed by which kind of vessel they are :	Past
By 2015 , a division referred to as " Americas " had emerged .	Past
Metlife in partnership with Tishman Realty & Construction co-owns the Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .	Pres
By 1880 , sales had exceeded a quarter million of such policies , resulting in nearly $ 1 million in revenue from premiums .	Past
Completed two years later , the building was the world 's tallest until 1913 and remained the company 's headquarters until 2005 .	Past
By 1930 , MetLife insured every fifth man , woman , and child in the United States and Canada .	Past
The company financed the construction of the Empire State Building in 1929 as well as provided capital to build Rockefeller Center in 1931 .	Past
By 1979 , operations were segmented into four primary businesses : group insurance , personal insurance , pensions , and investments .	Past
The company appealed this proposal in November 2014 .	Past
MetLife 's shares traded at over $ 47 per share , and its market capitalization was valued at over US $ 39.4 billion in October 2018 .	Past
These services vary in regards to the duration and amount of coverage available and whether a medical exam is required for coverage .	Pres
Short term disability insurance is structured to replace a portion of an individual 's income during the initial weeks of a disabling illness or accident .	Past
The company also maintains an absence management product which allows employers to track and manage both planned and unplanned employee absences .	Pres
The product , which MetLife calls MetLife Total Absence Management , is structured for businesses with 1,000 or more employees .	Past
Prior to the Iconix deal , MetLife had licensed the characters from other rights-holders .	Past
MetLife 's new blue and green logo was criticized for being a knock-off of comparison website Diffen .	Past
It was noticed that the average weights in the population are higher than the ideal weights for survival .	Past
During the development of socialism , the Constitution of 1954 stipulated the task for the ongoing Chinese Communist state .	Past
Compared with the Constitution of 1949 , the constitution of 1954 narrowed the definition of the regime in China .	Past
The third chapter indicates rights and duties of the country ’ s citizen .	Pres
It guarantees the equality of each citizen and it prohibits racial discrimination and oppression .	Pres
The last chapter , which is the fourth chapter , stipulates the national flag , the national emblem and the capital of PRC .	Pres
To some aspects , it limits citizen ’ s freedom .	Pres
Axcan specialized in the treatment of gastrointestinal disorders .	Past
The company withdrew its planned initial public offering after the announcement .	Past
Exercise bicycles are typically manufactured using a crankshaft and bottom bracket , which turns a flywheel by means of a belt or chain .	Past
The bearings on these moving parts wear with use and may require replacement .	Pres
However , as with typical biking , extended use of a stationary bike has been linked to decreased sexual function .	Past
Modern ergometers and even many consumer exercise bikes are fitted with electronic sensors and displays .	Past
The offices of President and Vice-President were officially scrapped under the Constitution .	Past
Individual rights , such as the rights of freedom of speech , are guaranteed , but only to those loyal to the Communist Party of China .	Past
The 1975 Constitution witnessed an integration ( in part ) of the State Constitution ( the PRC Constitution ) and the Chinese Communist Party .	Past
This Constitution was superseded in 1978 by the 1978 Constitution of the People 's Republic of China .	Past
It specialized in the recovering of soils contaminated with chlorinated hydrocarbons , including PCBs and PCPs , Dioxins and Furans .	Past
The shell later transformed into Diversified Royalty Corp , specializing in franchise royalty agreements including Mr. Lube , Sutton Realty , and Franworks restaurants .	Past
In 1942 , he voiced the adult Thumper in the animated classic " Bambi " .	Past
He voiced the title character of Rod Rocket in an early 1960s educational series , and did some episodes of the cult classic " Jonny Quest " .	Past
The 1978 Constitution of the People 's Republic of China was promulgated in 1978 .	Past
Citizen rights were also reinstated somewhat .	Past
Additionally , he co-starred as Vincent Savino in the CBS crime drama " Vegas " .	Past
In the ninth grade , he portrayed Hawkeye Pierce in Andover High School 's production of " M * A * S * H " .	Past
The film was panned in general and flopped at the box office .	Past
Winning over creator Shawn Ryan , Chiklis nabbed the leading role of the show 's anti-hero , LAPD Detective Vic Mackey .	Past
Chiklis later parodied his role as Vic Mackey in " Monstourage , " an episode of " Robot Chicken " .	Past
The skit involved Mackey accidentally switching places with Ben Grimm .	Pres
He also co-starred in the CBS Crime drama " Vegas " .	Past
Then in the series finale , his character drives his tractor-trailer truck head-first ( unintentionally ) into Jax Teller .	Pres
The song has been critically acclaimed worldwide and was used in the TV series " Modern Family " in 2011 .	Past
As the scientific explanation of life 's diversity has developed , it has often displaced alternative , sometimes very widely held , explanations .	Past
Some have vigorously denied acceptance of the scientific explanation due to its perceived religious implications ( e.g .	Past
In his book " The End of Faith " , Sam Harris argues that Nazism was largely a continuation of Christian anti-Semitism .	Pres
Hitler often used Christian beliefs like , " Jews killed Jesus , " to justify his anti-Semitism .	Pres
Darwin further argued that the most " sympathetic " societies would consequently be the most " successful . "	Past
The colonists proceed to put an end to this state of things over as large an area as they desire to occupy .	Pres
In a few decades , all other traces of the settlement will have vanished .	Past
The unwanted native species - men , animals , or plants - are all weeded out and destroyed .	Past
Huxley finishes with a series of short , further evidences against Social Darwinism , including :	Pres
Classical figures have not discussed the subject as it has only come up in the 19th century .	Past
The final stance completely rejects cross-species evolution across all organisms , but approves of adaptation ( micro evolution ) .	Pres
Many important political figures on the left have never publicized their views on biology , and so their opinions of evolutionary theory are unknown .	Past
More recently the Laboria Cuboniks collective has articulated an antinaturalist politics that seeks to overcome essentialist categories through technological empowerment .	Past
Social Darwinism is further linked with nationalism and imperialism .	Past
During the age of New Imperialism , the concepts of evolution justified the exploitation of " lesser breeds without the law " by " superior races . "	Past
In 2009 MacDermot was inducted into the Songwriter 's Hall of Fame .	Past
The request was later withdrawn .	Past
It wholly or partially owns the following companies :	Pres
On top of this , it defied the traditional thinking that Asian athletes could not compete in sprint events at the top level .	Past
The Chinese Track and Field Association restricted him to four such deals .	Past
The record was ratified by the IAAF .	Past
He pulled out of the Reebok Grand Prix in New York on May 31 , citing hamstring problems .	Past
Liu skipped the entire European circuit , preferring to train for the Olympics in China instead .	Past
Leading up to the Summer Olympics in Beijing , China , Liu bore national expectations of a repeat victory on home soil .	Past
On August 18 , Liu withdrew from the Olympic 110 metre hurdles .	Past
According to Jeré Longman of the New York Times , " " China 's greatest hope had been dashed " " .	Past
Liu hopped the full 110 metre stretch , was helped by a few of his fellow competitors and was put into a wheel chair and led away .	Past
He kissed the last hurdle before he left the track .	Past
Liu 's loss echoed strongly in the Chinese press but also sparked a lot of controversies .	Past
Liu donated approximately 2,500,000 yuan ( 364,000 USD ) to 2008 Sichuan earthquake relief efforts .	Past
Liu 's athletic gear is sponsored by Nike .	Past
Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -2.1 % .	Past
, 20.6 % of the population belonged to the Roman Catholic Church and 61.7 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church in Bargen .	Past
The hospitality industry in Bargen employs 6 people .	Pres
The A4 expressway passes through Bargen and enters into Germany after a customs facility .	Pres
Fixation involves these chemical reactions ( X = halide , typically Br ) :	Pres
A story tells that Huang Yueying challenged her suitors to visit her personally by claiming that she was ugly .	Past
When Zhuge Liang came to her , her figure was silhouetted by moonlight and her head was covered with two red veils .	Past
Zhuge Liang was then rewarded by Huang Yueying 's joyful visage and gratification .	Past
A memorial for her exists in her supposed hometown of Huangjiawan ( 黄家湾 ) in Yao 'an Village ( 姚庵村 ) outside Xiangyang .	Pres
The trailer home sheltered thirteen , including Tavis and his seven brothers and two sisters and the three adults .	Past
Garnell whipped Tavis and Phyllis with an extension cord , wounding the two children .	Past
In 1982 Smiley enrolled at Indiana University Bloomington ( IU ) .	Past
Bradley persuaded Smiley to return to college .	Past
He interviewed major political figures and celebrities , and discussed topics ranging from racial profiling and police brutality to R & B music and Hollywood gossip .	Past
This sparked an angry response from Joyner , who sought to rally his radio audience to protest BET 's decision .	Past
He paired with professional dancer Sharna Burgess .	Past
They were eliminated on the second week of competition and finished in 12th place .	Past
He cited fatigue and a busy schedule in a personal call to Joyner .	Past
On December 13 , 2017 , PBS indefinitely suspended Smiley .	Past
It was also alleged that Smiley created an environment that was " verbally abusive and threatening . "	Past
In 2005 , Tavis Smiley donated and raised thousands of dollars for Texas Southern University ; the School of Communication was temporarily named after him .	Past
Smiley is referenced in the KRS-One song " Clear ' Em Out . "	Past
All the water in the municipality is flowing water .	Pres
Initially portrayed as a villain , he has also been shown training U.S .	Past
Tony Masters first demonstrated unusual abilities during childhood .	Past
Alongside Black Abbott , he battled Spider-Man and Nomad , and escaped yet again .	Past
Having escaped the authorities , he set up a base in a derelict graveyard in Brooklyn , where he battled Spider-Man and then escaped .	Past
In his early appearances , Taskmaster mentions putting intellect-reducing drugs in the diet of his students .	Pres
Taskmaster was misled with information that Moon Knight was broken , friendless and desiring death .	Past
Moon Knight then carved off part of Taskmaster 's facemask , though left him alive .	Past
He later battles the Secret Avengers in New York .	Pres
Enraged , Sue crushes him with an invisible telekinetic field , rendering him unconscious .	Pres
He mentions his professional ethics , but this simply comes down to deciding to simply maim his opponent rather than kill him .	Pres
Deadpool finally pays him , but he expresses annoyance at being paid from an ATM due to his major villain status .	Pres
Norman Osborn appoints Taskmaster to train criminals for the new Initiative , to behave like heroes .	Pres
Taskmaster then agrees to join in the siege of Asgard .	Pres
During the battle , he fights with both versions of Captain America ( Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes ) .	Pres
Taskmaster , ambushed in a small diner , manages to best his opponents .	Past
Inside an exact replica of Himmler 's Wewelsburg Castle , Taskmaster regains his memories .	Pres
With Gorscht 's serum and test notes destroyed , Masters injected the last of the serum into himself .	Past
Taskmaster shoots Mercedes in the shoulder and threatens to kill her if she doesn 't start talking .	Pres
Mercedes reveals that the Org is a S.H.I.E.L.D .	Pres
Mercedes convinces the Taskmaster to trust her and work together to fend off the forces of MILF .	Pres
During the battle , Taskmaster regains his memories of Mercedes and how he fell in love with her .	Pres
Redshirt gains the upper hand as the pair push each other to the limits .	Pres
Mercedes tries to intervene to protect her husband , but is quickly and effortlessly cast to one side .	Pres
Avengers Academy student Finesse later seeks out Taskmaster , thinking that he may be her long-lost father .	Pres
However , Taskmaster escaped and returned the crown to Fury , only for Max to apparently kill Taskmaster when he asks for payment .	Past
The criminals of Bagalia imprison Taskmaster and are preparing to offer him up to the highest bidder .	Pres
But when he gets the chance to get her off the island , she doesn 't respond to anything he says until both are captured .	Pres
Impressed with the fighting skills of the two of them , Madame Hydra made them bodyguards .	Past
During the battle in Washington DC , Taskmaster and Black Ant witness their teammate Odinson having enough of working for Hydra and striking them down .	Past
As the inhibitor chip prevents Connors into turning into Lizard , Peter Parker sneaks off to become Spider-Man .	Pres
During his fight with Black Ant and Taskmaster , Spider-Man is exposed to the Isotope Genome Accelerator that splits him from his Peter Parker side .	Past
Taskmaster injected himself with SS-Hauptsturmführer Horst Gorscht 's primer , an elaborate modification of the adrenal steroid cortisol designed to unlock the mind 's procedural memory potential .	Past
This ability is linked to his muscle memory , allowing the Taskmaster to instantly replicate the physical movement of peak-level humans .	Past
However , this puts his body under intense strain and can only be used for short periods of time .	Pres
He also carries a bow and a quiver of arrows , a billy club , a lasso , nunchaku , throwing darts , and various firearms .	Pres
was shut down by Norman Osborn , Mercedes went rogue and continued her role as her husband 's handler .	Past
Hired by Phillip Roxxon , he confronts Spider-Man , Spider-Woman , Cloak & Dagger and Bombshell , and displays the ability to absorb and re-channel energy-based superpowers .	Past
Compared to the previous state , with the " new network " decision , the national motorway network in the canton of Schaffhausen , is approximately shorter .	Past
Lu Kang inherited the mantle of his father but was less involved in politics as he served mainly in the Wu military .	Past
He rose to prominence during the reign of the fourth and last Wu emperor , Sun Hao .	Past
In 272 , he successfully suppressed a rebellion by Bu Chan and fended off invading forces from Wu 's rival , the Jin dynasty .	Past
After the battle , he actively pursued a policy of " détente " with the Jin general Yang Hu at the Wu – Jin border .	Past
Sun Quan 's anger towards Lu Xun gradually subsided .	Past
Why are we exhausting ourselves by constructing defensive structures instead ? "	Pres
Lu Kang explained : " Xiling 's fortifications are very stable and it has sufficient supplies .	Past
If we attack it now , I don 't think we can conquer it easily .	Pres
The officers repeatedly urged Lu Kang to attack Xiling but he refused .	Past
To prove that he was right , Lu Kang relented and ordered an assault on Xiling .	Past
However , Lu Kang 's subordinates Zhu Qiao ( 朱喬 ) and Yu Zan ( 俞贊 ) defected to Yang Zhao 's side .	Past
When Yang Zhao 's men saw that , they were so terrified that they abandoned their armour and equipment and fled .	Past
Yang Hu and the other Jin generals withdrew their armies after receiving news of Yang Zhao 's defeat .	Past
Their friendship was likened to that of Zichan and Jizha during the Spring and Autumn period .	Past
I hope that you can guard the border well and not stir up problems over trivial matters . "	Pres
Yang Hu obliged and said : " This medicine is of fine quality .	Past
Xi Zuochi commented on this issue as follows :	Past
His son , Lu Yan ( 陸晏 ) , inherited his titles .	Past
They were all executed along with their families during the War of the Eight Princes .	Past
McClintock , along with Sherard Osborn and William Browne , charted the northern half of the island .	Past
Its southern half was charted by Allen Young in 1859 .	Past
Hearst switched to prospecting and dealing in quartz mines .	Past
People who saw the bars of Ophir silver in San Francisco rushed to Washoe .	Past
Hearst knew Marcus Daly from their Comstock Lode work .	Past
Hearst later financed Marcus Daly to operate his Anaconda mine in Butte , Montana and acquired an interest in that mine as well .	Past
His son William Randolph Hearst insisted on taking control of this holding of his father .	Past
The California Legislature and state courts adjourned , so officials could attend his funeral .	Past
When Phoebe Apperson Hearst inherited her husband 's wealth , she donated a great deal of it to help found new libraries at several universities .	Past
He also draws heavily on the works of Immanuel Kant , G. W. F. Hegel , Gottlob Frege , and Ludwig Wittgenstein .	Pres
He advocates the view that the meaning of an expression is fixed by how it is used in inferences ( see inferential role semantics ) .	Pres
Immelt stepped down as GE 's CEO on August 1 , 2017 .	Past
He also concurrently stepped down from the board of Baker Hughes .	Past
Immelt defended GE 's reporting elections and the quality of its financial statements following heightened scrutiny after the Enron crisis .	Past
The experiment seemed to confirm that the traditional format , which was shorter , was preferable and it continues to be used at GE today .	Past
Immelt 's intuition and judgments about financial reporting transparency were validated in experiments in behavioral economics conducted at Princeton in 2004 .	Past
Welch preferred internal , or " organic " growth and benefited from long-term US economic trends that buoyed his major business lines .	Past
On the other hand , he has seized the growing international nature of commerce to expand GE 's operations overseas .	Past
This plan confirms GE 's intent to exit the banking business .	Pres
Immelt 's reorganization of GE has been accomplished in part through a number of acquisitions .	Past
Immelt initiated one of his first major acquisitions in his area of operating expertise , the medical business .	Past
GE is currently attempting to complete its acquisition of Alstom , France businesses for an enterprise value of $ 13.5 billion	Pres
The S & P 500 Index has roughly doubled in value since Immelt took over .	Past
These employment levels have varied significantly under Immelt .	Past
General Electric year end employment has varied from 273,000 in 2010 to 305,000 in 2014 , a net increase of 37,000 .	Past
Immelt threatened to move GE " s headquarters out of Connecticut if the state would not back away from the tax plan .	Past
Immelt 's compensation has fluctuated significantly .	Past
In 2010 , Immelt 's compensation nearly doubled to $ 15.2 million .	Past
That 2013 compensation had risen 20 % over his 2012 compensation of $ 20.6 million .	Past
Immelt has spoken about the benefits of football to his career , from his experiences as a former player .	Past
In 2013 , the authorization for the council was not renewed , causing the council to be permanently shut down .	Past
Thus , by the early 1980s , GM had consolidated its powertrain engineering efforts into a few distinct lines .	Past
Currently , GM has reorganized the GM Powertrain Division into the GM Global Propulsion Systems , located in Pontiac , Michigan .	Past
Cleveland Diesel was dissolved in 1962 and their remaining production moved under EMD .	Past
A cricketer 's bowling average is calculated by dividing the numbers of runs they have conceded by the number of wickets they have taken .	Past
The bowler receives credit for any wickets taken during their bowling that are either bowled , caught , hit wicket , leg before wicket or stumped .	Pres
The band reunited again in 2009 , this time without Pintado , who had died three years earlier .	Past
He was later inducted into the USA Ultimate Hall of Fame as a result of this .	Past
Mr. Silver also owns the 1941 Lincoln Continental once customized to Frank Lloyd Wright 's design .	Pres
Introducing antibiotics , including ethanol , into the catheter ( without flushing it into the bloodstream ) reduces the formation of biofilms .	Pres
It kills all microorganisms on equipment and surfaces through exposure to chemicals , ionizing radiation , dry heat , or steam under pressure .	Pres
The skin of workers is colonized by 3.9 x 10 – 4.6 x 10 cfu / cm .	Past
In the United States , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has mandated wearing gloves to reduce the risk of bloodborne pathogen infections .	Past
Doctors wearing the same gloves for multiple patient operations presents an infection control hazard .	Pres
Use of hydrogen peroxide vapor has been clinically proven to reduce infection rates and risk of acquisition .	Past
" Acinetobacter " bacteria are evolving and becoming immune to existing antibiotics , so in many cases , polymyxin-type antibacterials need to be used .	Pres
In some cases , antibiotic resistance is spreading to gram-negative bacteria that can infect people outside the hospital .	Pres
The CDC estimates 2 million people in the United States are infected annually by hospital-acquired infections , resulting in 20,000 deaths .	Pres
Estimates ranged from 6.7 % in 1990 to 7.4 % ( patients may have several infections ) .	Past
He instituted mandatory hand-washing in May 1847 and infection rates dropped dramatically .	Past
Soon after , land at the western end of Lake Ontario was surveyed and organized into townships , which included East Flamborough , West Flamborough and Beverly .	Past
Had East Flamborough become a haven for the members of France ’ s outcast upper class the story of this area would have been radically different .	Past
The refugees filled the lower concessions of East and West Flamborough , stretching from Dundas to Burlington .	Past
The landscape was stripped bare to feed them , and the Indian Department struggled to keep them supplied with the necessities of life .	Past
In 2001 , the provincial government amalgamated Flamborough with Ancaster , Dundas , Glanbrook , and Stoney Creek into the enlarged City of Hamilton .	Past
The newsletter of The Waterdown East Flamborough Heritage Society explained in its April 2011 edition :	Past
Along with the Aboriginal sites , the foundations of an early 19th-century dwelling were uncovered in the area .	Past
After early European settlers had cleared the land of pine and oak forests , they began subsistence and then export farming .	Past
The facility was upgraded in 2006 during which time temporary buildings were used to accommodate IT equipment .	Past
At the time of his death , Wilson was competing part-time in the IndyCar Series , driving the No .	Pres
Wilson was struck in the head by large debris from the crash of race leader Sage Karam 's car .	Past
On 2 February 2010 it was announced that Wilson would be joining Dreyer & Reinbold Racing for the 2010 IndyCar season , he drove the No .	Past
22 Z-Line Designs sponsored car and was partnered by Mike Conway .	Past
In 2008 Wilson again drove in the Rolex Daytona 24 Hours race for Michael Shank Racing , this time in a Ford powered Riley prototype chassis .	Past
The couple resided in Northampton , England , and in Longmont , Colorado .	Past
Wilson was diagnosed with dyslexia when he was 13 years old .	Past
Wilson was extricated from his car and airlifted to Lehigh Valley Hospital in Allentown .	Past
NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver Tony Stewart lent his private plane to Wilson 's family so they could fly out to Pennsylvania .	Past
The day after Wilson 's death , his younger brother Stefan indicated that Wilson saved six lives by donating his organs .	Past
In the following IndyCar race in Sonoma , close friend Oriol Servia drove the number 25 car in his honour , finishing 12th .	Past
In 2016 , Stefan drove a KVSH car at the Indianapolis 500 , driving the No .	Past
It portrays the trials and tribulations of a young African American couple as they try to balance the demands of work and raising their young children .	Pres
It is syndicated by United Feature Syndicate , and is set in the Philadelphia area where Armstrong grew up .	Past
In Marcy and Joe the reader sees an average middle class couple , busy with work and raising a family .	Pres
I don 't know anybody who 's carjacking , playing basketball , rapping .	Pres
She is addicted to macaroni and cheese .	Past
He even considers his group of friends to be his " business partners " and acts as almost a CEO type figure among his friends .	Pres
Most are naturally occurring geographical features , but some are artificial .	Pres
From 1226 , he governed Transylvania with the title Duke .	Past
Some Cuman chieftains acknowledged his suzerainty and he adopted the title of King of Cumania in 1233 .	Past
For this purpose , he revised his predecessors ' land grants and reclaimed former royal estates , causing discontent among the noblemen and the prelates .	Past
The Mongols invaded Hungary and annihilated Béla 's army in the Battle of Mohi on 11 April 1241 .	Past
He escaped from the battlefield , but a Mongol detachment chased him from town to town as far as Trogir on the coast of the Adriatic Sea .	Past
Although he survived the invasion , the Mongols devastated the country before their unexpected withdrawal in March 1242 .	Past
King Andrew only punished one of the conspirators , a certain Count Peter , after his return from Halych .	Past
Andrew II betrothed Béla to an unnamed daughter of Tzar Boril of Bulgaria in 1213 or 1214 , but their engagement was broken .	Past
In 1214 , the King requested the Pope to excommunicate some unnamed lords who were planning to crown Béla king .	Past
Even so , the eight-year-old Béla was crowned in the same year , but his father did not grant him a province to rule .	Past
The senior king ceded the lands between the Adriatic Sea and the Dráva RiverCroatia , Dalmatia and Slavoniato Béla in 1220 .	Past
Domald 's domains were confiscated and distributed among his rivals , the Šubići , who had supported Béla during the siege .	Past
In 1227 he crossed the mountains and met Boricius , a Cuman chieftain , who had decided to convert to Christianity .	Past
At their meeting , Boricius and his subjects were baptized and acknowledged Béla 's suzerainty .	Past
The Pope supported Béla 's efforts , but the King often hindered the execution of his son 's orders .	Past
Béla also confiscated the estates of two noblemen , brothers Simon and Michael Kacsics , who had plotted against his mother .	Past
Béla 's youngest brother , Andrew , Prince of Halych , was expelled from his principality in the spring of 1229 .	Past
He crossed the Carpathian Mountains and laid siege to Halych together with his Cuman allies in 1229 or 1230 .	Past
The " Galician – Volhynian Chronicle " writes that many Hungarian soldiers " died of many afflictions " on their way home .	Pres
Béla invaded Bulgaria and besieged Vidin in 1228 or 1232 , but he could not capture the fortress .	Past
Béla , who succeeded his father without opposition , was crowned king by Robert , Archbishop of Esztergom in Székesfehérvár on 14 October .	Past
He dismissed and punished many of his father 's closest advisors .	Past
The annulment of former donations alienated many of his subjects from the King .	Past
Pope Gregory IX protested strongly at the withdrawal of royal grants made to the Cistercians and the military orders .	Past
The Mongols invaded " Desht-i Qipchaq " the westernmost regions of the Eurasian Steppesand routed the Cumans .	Past
Béla , who needed the Cumans ' military support , rarely punished them for their robberies , rapes and other misdeeds .	Past
The Mongols gathered in the lands bordering Hungary and Poland under the command of Batu Khan in December 1240 .	Past
They demanded Béla 's submission to their Great Khan Ögödei , but Béla refused to yield and had the mountain passes fortified .	Past
He seized prisoners , including Cumans from the Eurasian Steppes who had been forced to join the Mongols .	Past
Köten was either slaughtered or committed suicide .	Past
The Hungarian army was virtually annihilated in the Battle of Mohi on the Sajó River on 11 April 1241 .	Past
He fled through Nyitra to Pressburg ( Nitra and Bratislava in Slovakia ) .	Past
The Mongols crossed the frozen Danube early in 1242 .	Past
A Mongol detachment under the command of Kadan , a son of Great Khan Ögödei , chased Béla from town to town in Dalmatia .	Past
Only well-fortified places , such as Esztergom , Székesfehérvár and the Pannonhalma Archabbey , had successfully resisted siege .	Past
The liberties of the mining towns in Upper Hungary were also spelled out in Béla 's reign .	Past
In the second half of 1242 he invaded Austria and forced Duke Frederick II to surrender the three counties ceded to him during the Mongol invasion .	Past
Béla renounced Zadar on 30 June 1244 , but Venice acknowledged his claim to one third of the customs revenues of the Dalmatian town .	Past
On 21 August 1245 Pope Innocent IV freed Béla of the oath of fidelity he had taken to Emperor Frederick during the Mongol invasion .	Past
He routed Béla 's army in the Battle of the Leitha River on 15 June 1246 , but perished in the battlefield .	Past
Béla and Daniil Romanovich united their troops and invaded Austria and Moravia in June 1252 .	Past
Pope Innocent IV mediated a peace treaty , which was signed in Pressburg ( Bratislava , Slovakia ) on 1 May 1254 .	Past
Béla invaded Styria , restored his suzerainty and appointed his oldest son , Stephen , Duke of Styria .	Past
On the other hand , Ottokar divorced his elderly wife , Margarete of Austria , and married Béla 's granddaughterthe daughter of Rostislav Mikhailovich by AnnaKunigunda .	Past
Béla and his son , Stephen jointly invaded Bulgaria in 1261 .	Past
Béla 's favoritism towards his younger son , Béla ( whom he appointed Duke of Slavonia ) and daughter , Anna irritated Stephen .	Past
The latter suspected that his father was planning to disinherit him .	Past
Stephen seized his mother 's and sister 's estates which were situated in his realm to the east of the Danube .	Past
The king-junior 's partisans relieved the castle and he started a counter-attack in the autumn .	Past
In the decisive Battle of Isaszeg , he routed his father 's army in March 1265 .	Past
A royal army soon routed the invaders and captured Stephen Uroš .	Past
Dying at 63 , he exceeded in age most members of the House of Árpád .	Past
She and her husband , Rostislav Mikhailovich were especially favored by Béla .	Past
The same chronicle preserved the next epigram which was written on his tomb :	Past
Bernie Whitebear emerged as the group 's CEO , a position he held until shortly before his death from cancer in 2000 .	Past
The gallery carries some contemporary work and continues to rebrand itself .	Pres
The pow-wow draws tribal members from across the state , Oregon , Idaho , Montana , and Canada .	Pres
The name " Labateyah " is Lushootseed for " the transformer " .	Past
Both the People 's Lodge and the Canoe Center were conceived by Whitebear but left in the planning phases at the time of his death .	Past
The tracks conform to TTC ’ s gauge of , wider than .	Pres
Vehicles from other systems must be altered to accommodate the tracks , and cars intended for third-rail power must be reconfigured for use with overhead wire .	Past
An Ontario Historical Plaque was erected at the Halton County Radial Railway Museum by the province to commemorate the Radial Railways ' role in Ontario 's heritage .	Past
However , Jones struggled with the Dodgers , batting just .158 with 3 home runs and 14 RBIs .	Past
He switched to the outfield a couple of years later .	Past
By his early teens , he was competing against adults .	Pres
In his first at bat , he belted a homer .	Past
His outstanding season was capped off when he was named Minor League Player of the Year .	Past
In the National League Championship Series against the Cardinals , Jones batted .222 with a home run and 3 RBIs .	Past
In the 1998 NLCS against the San Diego Padres , Jones batted .273 with a home run and 2 RBIs .	Past
Jones also stole 27 bases .	Past
Jones struggled in the National League Division Series against the Cardinals .	Past
On September 7 , he belted 2 home runs in his last 2 at-bats .	Past
In his first 2 at-bats on September 10 , he belted 2 more home runs .	Past
Then on September 25 , Jones belted 3 home runs against the Phillies .	Past
The ball landed in the upper deck in left field at Citizens Bank Park .	Past
From April 16 through April 19 , Jones homered in 4 consecutive games .	Past
During that stretch , he batted .438 with 5 home runs and 8 runs batted in .	Past
Jones matched his career high with 6 runs batted in on July 18 against the Cardinals .	Past
On August 29 , in a game against the Giants , Jones drove in 3 runs , which gave him his 1000th career RBI .	Past
He was honored with a Fielding Bible Award as the best fielding center fielder in MLB .	Past
By the end of April , Jones was batting .344 with 3 home runs and 6 runs batted in .	Pres
" I was thinking about it .	Pres
Jones re-signed with the Yankees for the 2012 season on December 30 , 2011 .	Past
He was slated to be a backup .	Past
He currently ranks at 40 on the career home run list .	Pres
Jones has not stolen at least 10 bases since he stole 11 in 2001 .	Past
This could also be attributed to a noticeable weight gain .	Past
Nicole Jones filed for divorce in early January 2013 and the two went to court over custody of their son .	Past
In March 1943 RAF Boulmer was re-opened as a satellite airfield to house the advanced flights of No .	Past
By 1974 the Station had evolved to become both a Sector Operations Centre ( SOC ) and Control and Reporting Centre ( CRC ) .	Past
Initially the station was equipped with Westland Whirlwind helicopters however in December 1978 the station was re-equipped with the more capable Westland Sea King aircraft .	Past
During this period the CRC was relocated to an above ground facility while the work was carried out .	Past
In 1990 , Boulmer 's links with Air Defence was reinforced by the arrival of the School of Fighter Control from RAF West Drayton .	Past
Valued at £ 60 million , the first phase of the programme was declared operational at RAF Boulmer on 16 August 2004 .	Past
In total , the ASACS Force Command comprises some 1800 military personnel , civil servants and contracted staffs .	Pres
The CRC also supports the training of students undergoing training at the School of Aerospace Battle Management and controls military aircraft on routine training missions .	Pres
In summary , the CRC is manned 24 / 7 to support NATO and national Quick Reaction Alert requirements .	Past
It currently employs 14 Civilian personnel , 12 located at RAF Boulmer and 2 at RAF Scampton .	Pres
The flight was commanded by a Squadron Leader and consisted of approximately 20 aircrew , 30 engineers and 8 support staff .	Past
202 Squadron departed RAF Boulmer and the provision of SAR from RAF Boulmer ceased .	Past
SAR is now handled through Bristow Helicopters .	Past
The station is affiliated with .	Past
Almost from its creation , some sort of merger was advocated , with " Wentworth " among the candidates for the new megacity .	Past
The Regional Municipality of Hamilton – Wentworth upper-tier municipality comprised the bulk of the former Wentworth County which it replaced .	Past
At first , Tucker rebelled against her treatments , but after private counseling sessions , she began to improve .	Past
Her career was revitalized with 1986 's " Girls Like Me " , an album that spawned four top-10 country singles .	Past
Between 1988 and 1989 , Tucker enjoyed one of her most popular years on the charts , racking up eight country top-10 hits in a row .	Past
Radio responded well ; the song peaked at number two .	Past
Her 1993 album " Greatest Hits 1990-1992 " rose to number 15 , and also went to number 18 on the Top Country Albums chart .	Past
That year she was inducted into the Texas Country Music Hall of Fame .	Past
She also dated Merle Haggard , Andy Gibb , and Don Johnson .	Past
Penny stocks in the US are often traded over-the-counter on the OTC Bulletin Board , or Pink Sheets .	Past
The Mafia had infiltrated Wall Street by the 1970s .	Past
By 1989 , American investors were being cheated out of at least $ 2 billion a year by schemes involving penny stocks .	Past
Lithium Exploration Group 's market capitalization soared to over $ 350 million after an extensive direct mail campaign .	Past
Georgia 's penny stock law was subsequently challenged in court .	Past
Shortly thereafter , both FINRA and the SEC enacted comprehensive revisions of their penny stock regulations .	Past
Meyer Blinder was jailed for securities fraud in 1992 , after the collapse of his firm .	Past
It belongs to the comarca of Baix Llobregat , Barcelona province , Catalonia , Spain .	Pres
During the recent decades Esplugues has evolved from a predominantly industrial city to a modern city with all services , preserving however its cultural and historical identity .	Past
The city resides away from the Airport of Barcelona , it is away from the port of Barcelona , and away to the Catalan capital downtown .	Pres
were allocated , in proportion to the size of each family 's existing rights .	Past
All assets in the UK were integrated with those of the General Post Office , which operated the UK 's domestic telecommunications monopoly .	Past
Mercury Communications was first licensed in 1982 ; and became a full Public Telecommunications Operator in 1984 .	Past
Mercury forged strategic alliances with 16 UK cable companies , which enabled them to offer both telephone and television services to their customers .	Past
By the end of January 1993 , over 117,000 telephone lines were supplied to cable operators by Mercury .	Past
The service was first rolled out in the London M25 area , and offered free mobile to landline calls at off-peak times , weekends and Bank Holidays .	Past
In 1997 the Mercury brand ceased to be and it was amalgamated into Cable & Wireless Communications .	Past
Lennon edited the two together on 1 May 1969 .	Past
Lennon sings a brief excerpt in " a cappella " of the Beatles song " Good Night " .	Pres
Regarding the limited success , Lennon later addressed it saying , " It was like our sharing our wedding with whoever wanted to share it with us .	Past
The album was also advertised through magazine print advertisements , which Lennon and Ono 's previous two albums had not been .	Past
The album was reissued in 1997 through Rykodisc with three bonus cuts – two of them B-sides by The Plastic Ono Band composed by Ono .	Past
This addition was inaugurated with the official visit of the King of Spain , Alfonso XIII , to Portugal at the end of 1903 .	Past
The official residency law for the President of the Republic was promulgated on 24 March 1928 .	Past
It specified that the President and his family would be permitted to reside in one of the national palaces .	Past
This front , which faces the formal gardens , presents a space of five bodies , flanked by wedges surmounted by pinnacles .	Pres
The top of these lateral walls are topped by twelve panels of monochromatic azulejo tile .	Past
The space was resurfaced and re-paved with stone at the beginning of the 21st century .	Past
Of an 18th-century design , they consist of a terrace enclosed by a balustrade adorned with statues and intersecting pattern of hedges around three circular ponds .	Pres
The ceiling is panelled around an allegorical composition around Flora and 18th-century polychromatic azulejo ashlars , completed in the last quarter of that century .	Past
The vaulted ceiling is decorated with a profusion of decorative motifs in a " ferronneire " similar to those found in the " Sala Dourada " .	Past
First explored by Gaspar de Portolá , with colonies established at San Diego and Monterey , California was a remote , sparsely-settled Spanish province of New Spain .	Past
Another disputed governorship occurred in 1844 , settled when another Californio , Pio Pico , became the last Governor of Mexican California .	Past
California was ceded to the U.S. in 1848 , and was admitted as the 31st U.S. state on September 9 , 1850 .	Past
In 1849 , a convention ratified a new state constitution and Peter Burnett was elected governor .	Past
In 2017 , the company 's annual revenue was CAD $ 2.705 billion .	Past
CAE sells flight simulators and training devices to airlines , aircraft manufacturers and training centres .	Pres
It licenses its simulation software to various market segments and has a professional services division .	Pres
He oversaw the withdrawal of Palestinian guerillas from Beirut in 1982 .	Past
The next year he successfully negotiated for Israel to withdraw from Lebanon .	Past
Protestors argued that the gym 's planned separate entrances would result in racially segregated facilities , which the university denied .	Past
In 1872 , " The New York Times " predicted that the planned Morningside Park " will doubtless be a favorite resort for children and invalids . "	Past
Vaux , who had remained with the project throughout that time as a consultant , drowned that year in Gravesend Bay .	Past
By the early 20th century , the park was perceived as extremely dangerous .	Past
Protesters believed the planned separate east and west entrances amounted to an attempt to circumvent recent federal law that banned racially segregated facilities .	Past
University administration under Grayson Kirk denied that this reflected racial bias and stressed that greater park services would benefit the Harlem community .	Past
Since its founding , the group has rehabilitated the park through volunteerism .	Past
After the statues were refurbished , in 1998 the park renovated the bluestone steps at 116th street .	Past
Operated by New York City Department of Parks and Recreation , Morningside Park 's distinctive natural geography is a rugged cliff of Manhattan schist rock .	Past
A few of the album 's tracks were previewed by the public , thanks to " Aspen " magazine .	Past
The album was remastered in 1997 .	Past
Ono , who was going to cancel her performance , was persuaded by Lennon to perform .	Past
Recalled Tchicai , Lennon and Ono said to the players : " If you would like to join us for some improvisation , please do . "	Past
Lennon was disappointed that Apple hadn 't given any promotion to the album .	Past
The album 's original inner sleeve was printed with the song titles and the names of the musicians for each track .	Past
The album was reissued on LP , CD , and digitally by Secretly Canadian on November 11th , 2016 with bonus tracks and rare photos .	Past
Sobekneferu ( sometimes written " Neferusobek " ) reigned as pharaoh of Egypt after the death of her brother Amenemhat IV .	Past
Cascades employs more than 11,000 people in more than 100 operating units in North America and Europe .	Pres
Today , Boralex 's shares are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange in which Cascades holds a 34 % interest .	Past
Cascades Énergie paved the way for a series of acquisitions in which Cascades ' activities were largely diversified .	Past
In 2008 , North-American boxboard activities were integrated into Norampac 's cartonboard activities .	Past
Cascades also demonstrates that it understands that only innovation and the marketing of environmentally sound products will guarantee its future success .	Pres
Situated on the south-east side of the city some two miles from the centre , Stoneygate is a mainly residential suburb characterised by its large Victorian houses .	Past
It straddles the London Road which connects Leicester with the town of Market Harborough and was formerly the main route for horse-drawn carriages between Leicester and London .	Pres
Stoneygate 's historical significance was recognised when it was designated a conservation area by Leicester City Council in 1978 .	Past
It arrives in Stoneygate via Stoughton Road and travels along London Road to the railway station but has limited stops .	Pres
A lawsuit against Cambior was filed in Guyana , but it was dismissed by the High Court of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Guyana in 2002 .	Past
A new suit was filed against Cambior in 2003 in Guyana again seeking US $ 2billion in damages for the effects of the 1995 spill .	Past
From a process perspective , an organisation regards its business as a system of vision-achieving vertical processes rather than specific activities and tasks of individual functions .	Pres
As a result of recent advances in technology and increased international competition , more companies aim for better methods of grouping and integrating organisational activities .	Pres
As a result , the organisation obtains strengths and competitiveness among other companies .	Pres
In other words , the organisation considers vision as a motivation to build a business structure , determine strategic plans and manage human resources .	Pres
Therefore , the company carries out the ‘ vision-achieving operations ’ as their primary goals .	Pres
Then a process team performs a set of sequential tasks to analyse whether the organisation delivers useful outputs to the customers .	Pres
Many organisations highly depend on data and visual analysis processed by information system .	Pres
An organisation determines which part of processes must be improved and modified .	Pres
It analyses how each process influences a set of activities and applies the improvements to some parts of system .	Pres
The program was cancelled on January 12 , 2006 .	Past
ACS was cancelled on January 12 , 2006 .	Past
Most Lockheed Martin and Army personnel were reassigned to other projects .	Past
Boeing pitched a modified version of the Boeing P-8 Poseidon to fill the ACS role .	Past
The ACS project has since been superseded by EMARSS , based on a smaller aircraft .	Past
Acquired in December 2016 , Innovia manufactures specialty films for packaging , labelling , graphic arts and industrial products .	Past
He was permitted to plead guilty to a misdemeanor for handing two copies of " Ecodefense " to an FBI informant , and received a suspended sentence .	Past
Following his 1990 arrest , Foreman ceased acting as a spokesperson for Earth First !	Past
In 1991 , he co-founded the Wildlands Project , which aims to establish a network of protected wilderness areas across North America .	Past
In 1997 , Foreman co-founded the New Mexico Wilderness Alliance .	Past
He also co-authored " The Big Outside " with Howie Wolke .	Past
This housing is bolted to the engine block and derives its name from the bell-like shape that its internal components necessitate .	Past
The starter motor is usually mounted here , and engages with a ring gear on the flywheel .	Past
On the opposite end to the engine is usually bolted to the gearbox .	Past
Many of its provisions have since been repealed by the Senior Courts Act 1981 , but the essential structure described in the Act is still in place .	Past
The first part of the Act concerns the new Crown Court .	Pres
This section has now been superseded by the Senior Courts Act 1981 .	Past
The act also introduces part-time Crown Court judges , known as recorders , who are similarly appointed by the Lord Chancellor .	Pres
The fourth part of the Courts Act governs the selection of juries and related rules ; it has since been repealed by the Juries Act 1974 .	Pres
In a drunken state , he confronted several officials at the celebration , including both Weiss and Topping .	Past
Weiss was sitting at a banquet table with his wife when MacPhail loudly and abruptly fired him as the Yankees ' farm system director .	Pres
He responded by acquiring Roger Maris from Kansas City in a seven-player transaction in December 1959 .	Past
But by the 1961 season , Weiss was gone from the front office .	Past
In Weiss 's five seasons as general manager , the Mets escaped last place in the National League only in Weiss 's last year .	Past
They compiled a composite record of 260 – 547 ( .322 ) .	Past
In 1971 , Weiss was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame .	Past
Stengel lamented his death , saying , " George 's death is a tough thing on baseball .	Past
He wasn 't a terrific mixer but George sure knew how to pick men .	Pres
He was inducted into the New York Mets Hall of Fame in 1982 .	Past
Thus , the book retains much of its author 's unrefined musings .	Pres
Both books have been reprinted numerous times due to their popularity .	Past
Upon graduation in 1874 , he apprenticed with architect William Irving for five years .	Past
He rose to the top of his profession when he won the contract for Toronto City Hall in 1886 .	Past
His caricature can be seen carved in stone on the facade of Old City Hall — he 's the one with the handlebar moustache .	Past
After hearing the tapes , Ono insisted that they make their own recording .	Past
Neil Aspinall recalled that Lennon gave the roll of film to an Apple employee called Jeremy , with instructions to develop the photographs .	Past
The cover provoked an outrage , prompting distributors to sell the album in a plain brown wrapper .	Past
EMI , however , pressed the record in Britain , while the album cover was printed by Technik .	Past
The album was re-issued in the US during the 1970s and 1980s .	Past
The album was abhorred by both the music critics and the public alike .	Past
The album was reissued on LP , CD , and digitally by Secretly Canadian on November 11th , 2016 with bonus tracks and rare photos .	Past
commented that " Aesop drops abstract poetry , heartfelt stories and new millennial b-boyisms in his gruff monotone flow . "	Past
Their story is outlined in the book " The Big Player " by Ken Uston .	Past
Driven by algorithms and technology , this proprietary trading firm made markets and traded in futures , options , cash equities and exchange-traded funds .	Past
The Senate seat had been vacated by retiring Republican Senator Peter Fitzgerald .	Past
During the campaign , Hull railed against the corporate special interests and their influence in Washington .	Past
He advocated universal healthcare , greater efficiency in government , campaign finance reform , and re-importation of prescription drugs .	Past
Hull largely self-funded his campaign for Senate , spending a record $ 29 million of his own money on the race .	Past
Blair Hull and his four adult children partnered to create the Hull Family Foundation in 1999 .	Past
The Hull Family Foundation seeks to promote social justice and believes education is a key factor in initiating change .	Pres
The Foundation also supports art and culture , as well as efforts to promote and maintain healthy , sustainable ecosystems .	Pres
It was preceded by the United States Congress Joint Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds and succeeded by the United States Senate Committee on Public Works .	Past
The production is handled by Aesop Rock , Blockhead , and Omega One .	Past
It employs 45 people , 90 % of whom are in research and development .	Pres
The festival is renowned for its eclectic mix of music and a wide definition of what might be considered folk .	Past
Recent histories have obscured the early origins of the folk festival .	Past
This was then handed over and brought to fruition by Ken Woollard , a local firefighter and socialist political activist , to help organise it .	Past
The book features images taken at the festival by Elliott between 2000 – 2010 and was officially endorsed by the organisers .	Past
This area encompasses part of the city of Calgary , as well as many kilometres of the Bow River .	Pres
" Appleseed " takes place in the 22nd century , after the non-nuclear Third World War has decimated the Earth .	Past
Roughly one half of Olympus 's population are bionically augmented .	Past
" Appleseed Hypernotes " was serialized in " Comic Gaia " , followed by a collected volume in 1996 .	Past
An English language version of " Appleseed Hypernotes " was serialized in Dark Horse Comics ' " Super Manga Blast " .	Past
The series was slated to be 26-episodes and scheduled to release in summer 2006 .	Past
The first feature film titled , " Appleseed XIII : Tartaros " was released on June 13 , 2011 .	Past
The second titled , " Appleseed XIII : Ouranos " was released on October 24 , 2011 .	Past
Following the death of his father at a young age , he was mentored by noted violinist Mischa Elman , a cousin of his father .	Past
The production is handled by Aesop Rock , Blockhead , and Omega One .	Past
The team rebounded a bit the following year , finishing 74-57-1 and in fourth place , although it was 17 games back of the Orioles .	Past
He was portrayed without his well-known mustache .	Past
In early 2013 the current source code was re-released under the BSD license .	Past
The war postponed the construction of the extension and work did not begin until 12 June 1922 .	Past
The platforms are numbered 1 to 5 with numbers 1 and 2 serving each side of one track and 3 and 4 serving each side of another .	Past
This part coincides with the mountainous region which the ancient Greeks used to call Pindos .	Pres
Mining for bauxite , overgrazing , and over-collection of plants are also threatening the great biodiversity of this ecoregion .	Pres
In the Greek section of the Pindus mountains there are two national parks .	Pres
" Parashot " are not numbered , but some have special names .	Past
A " parashah " break creates a textual pause , roughly analogous to a modern paragraph break .	Pres
To decide exactly where a new topic or thought begins within a biblical text involves a degree of subjectivity on the part of the reader .	Pres
For this reason , the " parashah " divisions may at times contribute to biblical exegesis .	Pres
However , even according to the lenient opinion , a blatant error with no source in any scribal tradition invalidates a Torah scroll .	Pres
At times , some of these customs choose the exact beginning or end of a " haftarah " because it coincides with a " parashah " division .	Pres
Prophecies interwoven with narratives about the prophet 's life ( 26-45 ) :	Past
Modern editions based upon the Aleppo Codex have implemented the idea fully by allowing wide full-page columns for Psalms , Proverbs , and Job .	Past
These formal breaks will be indicated in the list of " parashot " for Psalms .	Past
These are indicated by an asterisk .	Past
The Aleppo codex lacks Ecclesiastes in its entirety .	Pres
The following chart compares the meager " parashah " breaks for Ecclesiastes as found in manuscripts :	Pres
The Aleppo codex lacks Daniel in its entirety .	Pres
The Aleppo codex lacks Ezra-Nehemiah in its entirety .	Pres
Each such " song " is formatted in its own exact way , though there are similarities between them .	Past
The following sections discuss the layout and formatting of each of these songs in detail .	Pres
Each name is preceded by the Hebrew particle ואת .	Past
Books and articles cited in the references to this article :	Past
He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992 , the only person born in Delaware so honored .	Past
On April 14 , 1925 , McGowan umpired his first American League game .	Past
He umpired third base in that game .	Past
He umpired in 2,541 consecutive games , missing a game on September 3 , 1940 due to neuritis .	Past
Later he was proclaimed a patron saint of Moscow .	Past
Peter travelled to Constantinople where Patriarch Athanasius consecrated him as Metropolitan of Russia and bestowed on him the hierarchal vestments , staff and icon .	Past
The foundation of the Vysokopetrovsky Monastery in Moscow is ascribed to Peter .	Past
He also authored a few sermons and epistles .	Past
After his canonization by Metropolitan Alexis , his veneration was propagated all over Moscovy .	Past
In World War I he volunteered Piłsudski ’ s Legion but was not deployed anymore .	Past
He initially admired Hitler 's anti-Jewish policy as a good example for Poland .	Past
Ojczyzna-Omega envisioned a post-war Poland that would be a democratic , efficiently administrated state populated mainly by Polish majority alongside Jewish population and Slavic groups .	Past
The memorandum was addressed to the “ Polish government ” , thus recognizing the Provisional Government , contrary to the London exile-government , as legitimate .	Past
Conversely Wojciechowski 's concept aided the governmental demand to legitimize the Polish acquirements in the West	Past
Ten centuries of struggle " " ( first edidion 1933 ) was reissued .	Past
He resumed teaching at UAM .	Past
In his prologue to the bookseries " Old Polish lands " ( 1948 – 1957 ) he explained the purpose of the volumes to the reader :	Past
" Our publication ... is biased ; in fact , it is consciously biased .	Past
... We have not gone out of our way to write so-called objective history .	Past
In Poland Zygmunt Wojciechowski is recognised today as exceptional historian , and one of people who formed Polish intellectual elites .	Past
However , private label market shares exhibit widespread diversity across international markets and product categories .	Pres
Grocery chains such as Aldi and Save-A-Lot primarily sell store brands to promote overall lower prices , compared to supermarket chains that sell several brands .	Pres
The Private Label Manufacturer 's Association ( PLMA ) in the United States categorizes private-label manufacturers into four categories :	Pres
Associated for many years with Édouard Colonne 's concert series , the Concerts Colonne , from 1903 , Pierné became chief conductor of this series in 1910 .	Past
His chamber work , " Introduction et variations sur une ronde populaire " , for saxophone quartet is a standard in saxophone quartet repertoire .	Pres
He was particularly disgusted by the Davy Force case in 1874 .	Past
His first major act was expelling the New York and Philadelphia clubs from the league for failure to complete their 1876 schedules as required .	Pres
Hulbert also instituted the practice of the league hiring of umpires to bolster public perceptions of league integrity .	Past
Perhaps his greatest challenge was dealing with four members of the Louisville ball club who conspired to throw the 1877 pennant .	Pres
In a move that established a precedent for future handling of dishonest ballplayers , Hulbert banned all four players from the league for life .	Past
This injustice was finally rectified by the veterans committee , which enshrined Hulbert in 1995 .	Past
In 1902 , Evans enrolled at Cornell University , where he played on a freshman team managed by veteran major league shortstop Hughie Jennings .	Past
At the same time , Wright understood that Evans ' varied experiences as an athlete provided him with an in-depth knowledge of sports .	Past
This gesture enabled Evans to move from a Class C Division minor league club to the major leagues .	Past
According to some accounts , many of Cobb 's Detroit Tigers teammates " rooted " for Evans .	Past
After the fight , Cobb was suspended for one game , while Evans attended the next several games wearing bandages .	Past
During his four years leading the league , the Association thrived despite many other leagues shutting down due to World War II .	Past
Evans ' remains were interred at Knollwood Cemetery in Mayfield Heights , Ohio .	Past
In a late interview , Verne affirmed that Hetzel 's ambitious commission had become the running literary theme of his novel sequence :	Past
Motorcycle clubs vary a great deal in their objectives and organizations .	Pres
Many affiliate with an umbrella organization , such as the British Motorcyclists Federation in the UK , or FEMA in Europe .	Pres
While neither of the latter two groups require a motorcycle for membership , they are motorcycling-oriented and much of their activity involves rides .	Pres
MC is generally reserved for those clubs that are mutually recognized by other MC or outlaw motorcycle clubs .	Past
This is indicated by a motorcyclist wearing an MC patch , or a three-piece patch called colors , on the back of their jacket or riding vest .	Past
He umpired seven World Series and seven All-Star Games .	Past
Before the 1941 season , Klem had strongly endorsed Barlick , saying , " He 's going to be the greatest umpire in baseball history .	Past
He was discharged in 1945 , having earned the rank of Seaman , First Class .	Past
Klem repeated his endorsement of Barlick that year .	Past
Before I saw him , I predicted he 'd be a great umpire just from what I heard about him . "	Past
The ruling constituted the first major league forfeit since 1942 .	Past
Before the 1956 season , Barlick was hospitalized in Illinois for treatment of a heart problem .	Past
In 1961 , the " Sporting News " polled managers and coaches to determine the best umpires in the major leagues .	Past
In 1966 , Barlick missed nine games after his mother , Louise , died in Springfield .	Past
He missed the last two weeks of the 1966 season due to high blood pressure .	Past
In 1970 , he umpired the final game at Forbes Field , as well as the first game at Riverfront Stadium .	Past
They disbanded in 1995 , but reunited in 2009 .	Past
The band signed to Peaceville Records and released their debut album , " Severed Survival " in 1989 .	Past
They later reconvened to the Maryland Deathfest in 2009 .	Past
In 1985 , PEC Zwolle ' 82 were relegated to the Dutch first division , largely due to an injury-ridden main squad .	Past
The financial crisis worsened , as sponsors refused to invest in the club any longer .	Past
In 1992 – 93 , FC Zwolle narrowly missed promotion to the Eredivisie .	Past
However , the results dwindled in November and December .	Past
John Wallis invokes the name as the title to a textbook on Cartesian geometry .	Pres
Descartes ' clearest description of the " mathesis universalis " occurs in Rule IV of the Rules for the Direction of the Mind , written before 1628 .	Pres
Tynte 's Place was downgraded to a farmhouse and leased to John Vowles .	Past
Further remodelling was undertaken by Robert Newton of Nailsea .	Past
The completion of the mansion 's chapel further accentuated the building 's medieval monastical air so beloved by the Oxford Movement 's devotees .	Past
Norton 's design enveloped the original house .	Past
Norton emphasised the importance of architectural continuity in restoration and rebuilding relating to several historical periods .	Past
As a result , while some walls remained plain , others were adorned with Gothic and naturalistic carvings to fit in with the previous architectural styles .	Past
All stone was accurately matched to the original , with Veyzeys quarry near Tetbury providing Cotswold oolitic limestone .	Past
Norton topped the design with an irregular roof , its various pitches and gables emphasising the building 's asymmetrical architecture .	Past
While the reconstruction on the house was being undertaken , William Gibbs had rented Mamhead Park in Devon .	Past
Modelled on Sainte-Chapelle in Paris , it housed an organ by William Hill & Sons , and below a vault in which Gibbs intended to be buried .	Past
Survived by a daughter , Albina , George 's first wife died at Tyntesfield from influenza in 1920 .	Past
Bombs often landed on the estate during the blitz of Bristol .	Past
The National Lottery has earmarked a further £ 25 million for the major conservation work that is needed .	Past
As a result of the auction , the former " Tyntesfield Estate " no longer exists .	Pres
The resultant preserved house and surrounding gardens sat on a total of of land are now simply known as Tyntesfield .	Past
The entire property was rewired with special cabling , copper sheathed ( fire and rodent proofed ) .	Past
By 2013 the inventory had risen to 47,154 items , with still more rooms to unpack and catalog .	Past
Many of the family 's extensive collection of paintings , most sourced from Spain by William , were donated to the Trust .	Past
The house sits within of parkland , which the Trust gained from the auction and retained around the property to preserve the house within its environment .	Pres
Works then progressed to the walls and roof , and finally the decorative embellishments .	Past
The engines were housed in what is now called the Engine Room , while the Lantern Room held multiple lead acid batteries .	Past
In the 1960s , the sawmill was decommissioned and all wood sold to third party contractors to be converted into sawn wood products .	Past
Maintenance work is timed to fit in with hibernating and mating schedules , and new roosts are created during any building work .	Past
Workbench 4.1 was enhanced by 2D vector interface powered by Cairo libraries , and presenting a modern Porter-Duff 3D based Compositing Engine .	Past
Since Windows 8 , the Desktop Window Manager can no longer be disabled .	Past
Burrows is sometimes cited as a contributing factor in why New Mexico was delayed in achieving statehood .	Past
As a result , Elkin 's handshake with Burrows is blamed for costing New Mexico several Southern Democratic votes which had been needed to achieve statehood .	Past
This list divides teams into two main groups :	Pres
This list excludes other teams , which generally play outside FIFA 's recognition .	Pres
This section lists the current :	Pres
While not a confederation in itself , the Union of Arab Football Associations ( UAFA ) coordinates football activities between Arabic-speaking countries .	Pres
Due to the geographical size of Asia , the AFC is subdivided into five sub-federations :	Past
Six have fielded national teams in non-FIFA football matches and unofficial friendlies :	Past
He is poorly prepared for the grueling hours and the sudden responsibilities without good guidance from senior attending physicians .	Past
The Fat Man teaches him that the only way to keep the patients in good health and to survive psychologically is to break the official rules .	Pres
Basch survives the rotation with Jo by claiming to perform numerous tests and treatments on the gomers while in reality he does nothing .	Pres
However , according to the author , many older physicians were offended by the work .	Past
It has been argued that ' The House of God ' was revolutionary in that it brought to light paradoxical issues of care in modern medicine .	Past
Others propose that the book was the impetus for limiting medical resident work hours .	Pres
The Fat Man 's last law " THE DELIVERY OF GOOD MEDICAL CARE IS TO DO AS MUCH NOTHING AS POSSIBLE . "	Pres
Several of the terms common to the jargon of junior hospital staff were widely popularized by the book :	Past
In-jokes abound in the work .	Past
One episode focuses on Dr. Dorian saving a patient by " doing nothing , " which is a major theme of the novel .	Pres
Keralites prefer the sweet one called Sugiyan , while the savoury version is common in the rest of India .	Pres
The new variation of bonda is grilled pineapple topped with sugar and black pepper placed on banana leaf .	Past
However , the railroad tracks were washed out and they went to Yosemite Valley instead .	Past
At last he encountered President ( David Starr ) Jordan .	Past
The president tipped his broadbrimmed hat , bowed and greeted the young man from Indiana .	Past
Tresidder never forgot that welcome . "	Past
In this way the meaning of the word , " ratiocinator " is clarified and can be understood as a mechanical instrument that combines and compares ratios .	Past
Recent poll data suggests that Americans believe uncivil communication is a serious problem , and believe it has led to an increase in physical violence .	Pres
Research has linked political incivility to reduced trust in the legitimacy of political candidates , political polarization , and policy gridlock .	Past
The public also participates in civil discourse , and incivility .	Pres
Political incivility threatens the features of the rhetorical model of the public sphere , which include :	Pres
Papacharissi echoes this sentiment , stating that " civility should be redefined as a construct that encompasses , but also goes beyond , politeness . "	Pres
A July 2012 article in " Newsweek " , written by Krauss , indicates how the Higgs particle is related to our understanding of the Big Bang .	Pres
Krauss responded that the article was " slanderous " and " factually incorrect " .	Past
Several organizations also canceled scheduled talks by Krauss .	Past
However , after it was detected by CERN , he has been researching the implications of the Higgs field on the nature of dark energy .	Pres
Krauss has argued that public policy debates in the United States should have a greater focus on science .	Past
He has since argued in a debate with John Ellis and Don Cupitt that the laws of physics allow for the Universe to be created from nothing .	Past
The center suspended its association with Krauss in March 2018 in relation to allegations of sexual misconduct , " pending further information " .	Past
Krauss has authored or co-authored more than three hundred scientific studies and review articles on cosmology and theoretical physics .	Past
The quartet disbanded in 1987 upon the death of Schidlof , who was regarded as irreplaceable by the surviving members .	Past
The ammonium nitrate functions as an oxidizer and the aluminium as fuel .	Pres
More oxygen balanced mixtures are not easily detonated , requiring a fairly substantial shock , though it remains more sensitive than trinitrotoluene and C-4 .	Past
Not all of the mines laid by the British Army at Messines were detonated , however .	Past
Two mines were not ignited in 1917 because they had been abandoned before the battle , and four were outside the area of the offensive .	Past
This description of the Constitution has proven important in its interpretation .	Past
Political scientist Rand Dyck has criticized the preamble , saying it is " seriously out of date " .	Past
Section 2 indicates that all references to the Queen ( then Victoria ) equally apply to all her heirs and successors .	Pres
Section 11 creates the Queen 's Privy Council for Canada .	Pres
Section 13 defines the Governor-General in Council as the governor-general acting with the advice of the privy council .	Pres
Section 18 defines the powers and privileges of the parliament as being no greater than those of the British parliament .	Pres
The House is summoned by the governor general under Section 38 .	Past
Section 39 forbids senators to sit in the commons .	Pres
Section 40 divides the provinces in electoral districts .	Pres
The powers of a lieutenant governor can be substituted for by an administrator of government ( Sections 62 and 66 ) .	Past
Section 88 simply extends the pre-Union constitutions of those provinces into the post-Confederation era .	Pres
Canada 's constitution , therefore , lacks a residuary powers clause .	Pres
( " Constitution Act " , 1867 ( U.K. ) , 30 & 31 Vict . , c . 3 , reprinted in R.S.C .	Past
However , the provinces retain power over the solemnization of marriage ( section 92 ( 12 ) ) .	Pres
93 ( 2 ) specifically extends all pre-existing denominational school rights into the post-Confederation era .	Pres
Section 96 authorizes the federal government to appoint judges for " the Superior , District , and County Courts in each Province " .	Pres
Historically , this section has been interpreted as providing superior courts of inherent jurisdiction with the constitutional authority to hear cases .	Past
The " section 96 courts " are typically characterized as the " anchor " of the justice system around which the other courts must conform .	Past
The first stage of inquiry considers what matters were typically exclusive to the court at the time of Confederation in 1867 .	Pres
The second line of inquiry looks into whether there was implied authority to apply the law .	Pres
This Part lays out the financial functioning of the government of Canada and the provincial governments .	Pres
It establishes a fiscal union where the federal government is liable for the debts of the provinces ( Sections 111 – 116 ) .	Pres
It creates a customs union which prohibits internal tariffs between the provinces ( Sections 121-124 ) .	Pres
Section 133 establishes English and French as the official languages of the Parliament of Canada and the Parliament of Quebec .	Pres
Section 147 establishes that Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland would have 4 senators each if they were to join Confederation .	Pres
Section 99 establishes a right for judges to serve unless removed by the legislature .	Pres
The " Constitution Act " , 1867 also guarantees proportionate representation by population in section 52 .	Pres
This defines the functional calculus for " bounded " functions applied to possibly " unbounded " self-adjoint operators .	Pres
As an application , we consider the Schrödinger equation , or equivalently , the dynamics of a quantum mechanical system .	Pres
Extending by continuity defines " f " ( " T " ) for a continuous function " f " on the spectrum of " T " .	Pres
The operator " S " of the previous theorem is denoted " h " ( " T " ) .	Past
More generally , a Borel functional calculus also exists for ( bounded ) normal operators .	Pres
Slopping out was eradicated in Dublin 's Mountjoy Prison by the end of 2013 and in Cork Prison in 2016 .	Past
He was shuttled around various homes and orphanages , where he suffered abuse by various foster family members .	Past
He fathered two daughters , and two sons .	Past
Ciaccio allegedly owed a large gambling debt to their friend , union boss Casey Rosado .	Past
Burke was paroled after six years and resumed his criminal career , as did Hill , who was released about two years prior .	Past
Burke is alleged to have committed a number of murders , but no victims were ever named .	Past
Tommy DeSimone strangled Remo with a piano wire .	Past
He kicked and swung and shit all over himself before he died . "	Past
Since the robbers had inside information , all the employees were accounted for , handcuffed , and forced down on the floor .	Past
There , the money was switched to a third vehicle that was driven away by Jimmy and his son Frank .	Past
Burke was being pressed for more money by the participants of the Lufthansa robbery , so he decided to murder everyone associated with it .	Past
He vanished on January 6 , 1979 .	Past
Burke knew that Sepe would never cooperate with the authorities , and he never asked Burke for a larger share of the robbery proceeds .	Past
Sepe was murdered in 1984 , shot in the head when he answered the door one morning at his Brooklyn apartment .	Past
Arrested for a parole violation during 1982 , Burke spent the rest of his life in prison .	Past
Had he lived , he would have been eligible for parole on March 11 , 2004 .	Past
Donald Sutherland also portrayed Burke for the 2001 television movie " The Big Heist " .	Past
According to Cicale , between $ 2 million and $ 4 million of the Lufthansa loot was stashed in a safe deposit box by Jimmy Burke .	Past
She disappeared from court during the reign of her step-son , King Æthelstan , but she was prominent and influential during the reign of her two sons .	Past
He has lent his name to the Kirk Herbstreit National Kickoff Classic in Columbus , Ohio , and Arlington , Texas .	Past
Herbstreit was quoted as saying " It 's the vocal minority that make it rough .	Past
For Chinese New Year of 2016 , Jean collaborated with Beats by Dre by creating exclusive art for a limited edition pair of headphones .	Past
Aspects of the Epicenter mural and the Milan wallpaper were transformed into clothing , handbags , shoes , and packaging .	Past
Prada undertook a global campaign that featured Jean 's work in advertising environments , animation , and special events .	Past
In 2008 , Jean again collaborated with Prada , developing an animated short based on the wallpapers , clothing , and accessories produced in 2007 .	Past
" XOXO " is a selection of his illustrations displayed in the form of postcards .	Past
In 1942 the headquarters were relocated to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	Past
Services conclude with member testimonials about the power of Father Divine .	Pres
It symbolized the provision of food to those who could not afford it during the Great Depression .	Past
Upon his release , he attracted a following of mostly black women in Valdosta , Georgia .	Past
In 1914 , Father Divine traveled to Brooklyn , New York , with some followers and an all-black congregation .	Past
Articles on Father Divine propelled his popularity .	Past
The Peace Mission Movement practiced a form of communal socialism in which profits from individual Peace Mission businesses were redistributed within the movement .	Past
Father Divine 's outrage at this and other racial injustices fueled a keener interest in politics .	Past
Several highly publicized Peace Mission sex and other scandals became part of the public record on the Mission .	Past
In this period and through 1942 , Father Divine centralized the movement into a formal church .	Past
By 1940 , its followers had gathered 250,000 signatures in favor of an anti-lynching bill that Father Divine had written .	Past
It also advocated in favor of integrated neighborhoods .	Past
The Peace Mission Movement 's depression era alliance with the radical left still rankled many .	Past
The Peace Mission Movement has steadily contracted from its 1930s heyday through the first decades of the 21st century .	Past
On October 29 , 2017 , approximately 200 guests convened to celebrate the dedication and grand opening of the Father Divine Library and Museum at Woodmont .	Past
However , geomorphological evidence in the form of moraines and cirques indicates the former presence of mountain glaciers .	Pres
The ash cloud travelled in four hours .	Past
Particle sizes were between .	Pres
Mount Tongariro erupted again at 1 : 20 pm on 21 November , ejecting an ash cloud 4000 metres into the air .	Past
Flights in the area were cancelled , as were several the following morning .	Past
Indeed , they have re-edited their two previous albums with DRO .	Past
Designed in 1901 , the Willits house is considered the first of the great Prairie houses .	Past
Built in the Chicago suburb of Highland Park , Illinois , the house presents a symmetrical facade to the street .	Pres
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 categorized it as a general aviation " reliever airport " .	Past
But when he learned that Napoleon had crowned himself Emperor , he tore the dedication from the manuscript .	Past
They corresponded , then met in December 1971 .	Past
Freed from these constraints , Burgess developed the work into an experimental novel .	Past
He reworked the material into a stage play called " Napoleon Rising " for the Royal Shakespeare Company , but it remained unperformed in his lifetime .	Past
His advisors there were Vladimir Fock , a physicist , and Boris Delaunay , a mathematician .	Pres
Appointed the rector of the university in 1952 , Aleksandrov remained in this position until 1964 .	Past
While a few rooms are available at the start of the game , the rest must be researched .	Past
According to Carr , the team were aiming for humour rather than gore .	Pres
By early 1997 , all that was left was refining the difficulty levels .	Pres
The game deviates from the NHS model ; Webley and Carr decided that players should think of the hospital as a business , with profit highly important .	Pres
By May 1996 , the idea of the other time periods had been deemed " prohibitive " due to the amount of graphics required .	Past
The tester Jon Rennie simplified the game from the original design ; Webley was keen for players to be able to begin play without a long tutorial .	Past
The NHS argued that the game mocked hospital management .	Past
Original releases ' cover art used a green cross on a white background , which Bullfrog did not have the right to use .	Pres
In 2012 , " Theme Hospital " was re-released on the digital distribution service GOG.com .	Past
An open-source remake , " CorsixTH " , improves the game with features such as higher screen resolutions and a level editor .	Pres
It was cited by reviewers from GameSpot , IGN , Eurogamer , and " Edge " as a major downside .	Past
It was further commented that the game 's " brilliance " made it a " must-have " .	Past
The sentiments about the controls and humour were echoed by Dan Whitehead of Eurogamer , who reviewed it on the PlayStation Network .	Past
The user interface was criticised as being reminiscent of a 16-bit game .	Past
In August 2016 , Kapachinskaya and her relay teammates were officially stripped of their 2008 silver medal .	Past
Kapachinskaya had tested positive for the steroids stanozol and turinabol .	Past
Opened in 1997 , the arena gets its name from its largest sponsor , the beverage company Hartwall , also based in Helsinki .	Past
It also co-hosted the 2013 IIHF World Championship with Ericsson Globe , but in 2013 all games after quarterfinals were played in Stockholm .	Past
The Catholic Church was re-established in France in 1802 by Napoleon Bonaparte , resulting in religious peace throughout the country , culminating in a Concordat .	Past
Vianney struggled with school , especially with Latin , since his past education had been interrupted by the French Revolution .	Past
Vianney 's studies were interrupted in 1809 when he was drafted into Napoleon 's armies .	Past
However , after the snow melted , gendarmes came to the town constantly , searching for deserters .	Past
During these searches , Vianney hid inside stacks of fermenting hay in Fayot 's barn .	Past
He was tonsured in 1811 , and in 1812 he went to the minor seminary at Verrières-en-Forez .	Past
Two young men tending flocks in the fields pointed him in the right direction .	Past
Even the bishop forbade him to attend the annual retreats of the diocesan clergy because of the souls awaiting him yonder " .	Past
Vianney attributed his cure to her intercession .	Past
Vianney yearned for the contemplative life of a monk , and four times ran away from Ars , the last time in 1853 .	Past
Before he was buried , Vianney 's body was fitted with a wax mask .	Past
In 1925 John Mary Vianney was canonized by Pope Pius XI , who in 1929 made him patron saint of parish priests .	Past
In 1928 his feast day was inserted into the General Roman Calendar for celebration on 9 August .	Past
In November 2018 , Vianney 's heart was transported to the United States for a 6-month nationwide tour .	Past
In , Guidry posted a career year , one of the best in the modern era .	Past
Against the California Angels on June 17 , he struck out a Yankee-record 18 batters .	Past
No American League pitcher posted an earned run average as low again until Boston 's Pedro Martínez in .	Past
Guidry posted two saves in two appearances , but his starting pitching suffered a bit as he was an ordinary 7-7 through July 21 .	Past
Over the next seven seasons , Guidry amassed a 113-57 win-loss record .	Past
Each living Yankee previously so honored was on hand for the ceremony : Phil Rizzuto , Yogi Berra , Whitey Ford , Reggie Jackson and Don Mattingly .	Past
Under Guidry 's tenure , the Yankees ' pitching staff enjoyed mixed results .	Past
However , Guidry was criticized in 2007 , because the highly acclaimed pitching staff was underachieving .	Past
The divergence of the harmonic series was proven by the medieval mathematician Nicole Oresme .	Past
For example , Cesàro summation assigns Grandi 's divergent series	Pres
They reappeared in 1886 with Henri Poincaré 's work on asymptotic series .	Past
In 1890 , Ernesto Cesàro realized that one could give a rigorous definition of the sum of some divergent series , and defined Cesàro summation .	Past
Summation methods usually concentrate on the sequence of partial sums of the series .	Pres
This partly explains why many different summation methods give the same answer for certain series .	Pres
can be evaluated regardless of convergence .	Past
Most but not all summation methods for divergent series extend these methods to a larger class of sequences .	Pres
If , then we obtain the method of Abel summation .	Pres
Several summation methods involve taking the value of an analytic continuation of a function .	Pres
This method defines the sum of a series to be the value of the analytic continuation of the Dirichlet series	Pres
In this case one defines the sum as above , except taking the limit as " x " tends to " r " rather than infinity .	Pres
The king on the back side is dressed in Byzantine imperial clothes , but most likely represents a crusader king , perhaps Fulk .	Past
Underneath the falcon the name " Herodius " is carved , Latin for Gyrfalcon ; although the artist has not signed in the same way Basilius has .	Past
By about 1840 it was owned by Ambroise Commarmond , director of the Musée des beaux-arts de Lyon , Lyon .	Pres
This paints a picture of massive declines in violence of all forms , from war , to improved treatment of children .	Pres
Pinker argues that the radical declines in violent behavior that he documents do not result from major changes in human biology or cognition .	Pres
He specifically rejects the view that humans are necessarily violent , and thus have to undergo radical change in order to become more peaceable .	Pres
Pinker identifies five " historical forces " that have favored " our peaceable motives " and " have driven the multiple declines in violence . "	Pres
Chapter 9 examines four " better angels " or motives that can incline people away from violence .	Pres
The last chapter examines the five historical forces listed above that have led to declines in violence .	Pres
Instead , he argues , research suggests that " aggression is not a single motive , let alone a mounting urge .	Pres
He examines five such systems :	Pres
Pinker examines four motives that " can orient [ humans ] away from violence and towards cooperation and altruism . "	Pres
In this chapter Pinker also examines and partially rejects the idea that humans have evolved in the biological sense to become less violent .	Pres
Particular attention is paid to philosopher Thomas Hobbes who Pinker argues has been undervalued .	Past
In an earlier work Pinker characterized the general misunderstanding concerning Hobbes :	Past
Pinker also references ideas from occasionally overlooked contemporary academics , for example the works of political scientist John Mueller and sociologist Norbert Elias , among others .	Pres
Pinker also draws upon the work of international relations scholar Joshua Goldstein .	Pres
After Gates recommended the book as a graduate present in May 2017 , the book re-entered the bestseller list .	Past
Singer concludes : " [ It ] is a supremely important book .	Pres
Pinker convincingly demonstrates that there has been a dramatic decline in violence , and he is persuasive about the causes of that decline . "	Pres
In a review for " The American Scholar " , Michael Shermer writes , " Pinker demonstrates that long-term data trumps anecdotes .	Pres
I don 't know if he 's right , but I do think this book is a winner . "	Pres
Ferguson 's examination contradicts Pinker 's claim that violence has declined under civilization , indicating the opposite is true .	Pres
Instead , Epstein believes that the correct metric is the absolute number of deaths at a given time .	Pres
Stephen Corry , director of the charity Survival International , criticized the book from the perspective of indigenous people 's rights .	Past
But Agni Deva saved Rambha when Indra tried to kill him .	Past
According to legends , Rambha was reborn as Raktabija , the army commander of Shumbha and Nishumbha .	Past
She was crowned Miss France in 1954 .	Past
This article lists the largest shopping malls in the Philippines by gross floor area .	Pres
After some time , he invites her into his apartment .	Pres
After several nights of passion Roman asks Kamila for a favor .	Pres
Kamila selects the pseudonym " Różyczka " ( little rose ) .	Pres
Kamila approaches the professor who invites her to his home and introduces her to classical music and Polish exile literature .	Pres
She wants to marry the professor .	Pres
After the suppression of student riots Władysław Gomułka seizes upon Warczewski as an example of Jewish anti-socialist elements in Polish society .	Pres
In a final act of jealousy , he kills the professor .	Pres
An old brownstone addition pre-dates the 1839 building .	Pres
The distinction was emphasized by artists of the Arts and Crafts Movement , who valued vernacular art forms as much as high forms .	Past
In ancient Egypt , ink drawings on papyrus , often depicting people , were used as models for painting or sculpture .	Past
In the great temple of Ramses II , Nefertari , his queen , is depicted being led by Isis .	Past
" The Scream " ( 1893 ) , his most famous work , is widely interpreted as representing the universal anxiety of modern man .	Past
Normally , the print is printed on paper , but other mediums range from cloth and vellum to more modern materials .	Past
During the Ming ( 1368 – 1644 ) and Qing ( 1616 – 1911 ) dynasties , the technique was perfected for both religious and artistic engravings .	Past
In digital photography , the term " image " has begun to replace " photograph . "	Past
Computer usage has blurred the distinctions between illustrators , photographers , photo editors , 3-D modelers , and handicraft artists .	Past
Handicraft may be computer-aided or use computer-generated imagery as a template .	Past
With fabrication , the artist creates a design and pays a fabricator to produce it .	Pres
The Traprock Important Bird Area comprises a 627 km tract of land in the Darling Downs region of south-eastern Queensland , Australia .	Pres
Launched at Eurosatory in Paris in June 2010 when the turret was displayed for the first time on the Company ’ s new RG41 vehicle .	Past
A co-axial 7.62mm machinegun is mounted for close fire support and four smoke grenade launchers for vehicle screening .	Past
It has also been mated successfully to a Russian BMP-1 .	Past
Formed in the fall of 2001 , the group is known for its practice of basing each song on a well-known quotation .	Past
It was circulated as a free CD with the Hungarian music magazine " Metal Hammer " .	Past
The album was mastered at Finnvox studios .	Past
Fabio Lione ( Rhapsody , Vision Divine , Kamelot Angra ) sang several parts in the title song .	Past
He majored in English Literature at Hujiang University ( formally University of Shanghai ) in Shanghai .	Past
His first collection of poems " Lyrical Poetical Works " was well-received as a simple and beautiful poem describing nature and the heart .	Past
Because his essays are beautifully express the emotions of everyday life through an intimate and delicate style , they tend to read like prosaic lyric poetry .	Pres
He depicted ordinary subjects in a simple and delicate way which could be enjoyed by many people regardless of age or gender .	Past
My Love was bred in France by his original owner Leon Volterra , who later sold a half share in the colt to the Aga Khan .	Past
Turning into the straight the French-trained Royal Drake overtook the leader and went clear .	Past
He was strongly fancied in the build-up to the race , with Noor and the improving American-bred Black Tarquin being seen as his most serious rivals .	Past
In their book " A Century of Champions " , John Randall and Tony Morris rated My Love an “ average ” Derby winner .	Past
It originally housed a church .	Past
The match was contested by FC Pakhtakor and Nasaf Qarshi , at Pakhtakor Markaziy Stadium in Tashkent , on November 13 , 2011 .	Past
In 1985 , Shirley chatted to Curly Watts ( Kevin Kennedy ) at a dance at the Community Centre and let him walk her home afterwards .	Past
When Shirley and Curly compared notes , they were puzzled as Curly hadn 't been asked for a reference .	Past
Mrs Armitage was accepting enough to let Shirley 's younger sister , Lucy , stay with the couple for a few weeks in August .	Pres
Later that year , Curly enrolled in a business studies course at college .	Past
Mike insisted Curly give it to him , threatening to sack Shirley otherwise .	Past
Shirley realised that Curly was too serious for her and decided to move back in with her parents .	Past
Attached to the house is a -story , 3-bay , stone building , also with a typical half-Georgian plan .	Past
The stone structure originally housed the Cameron Bank , chartered in 1832 .	Past
The first three interceptor boats were inducted by the Indian Navy in Mumbai during the last week of June 2011 .	Past
These boats will be utilised by various Indian Navy units to patrol and intercept suspicious vessels closed to vital domestic assets .	Past
The few remains lie in a courtyard and can be accessed through modern blocks built on " Müftu Sokaĝi 20-22 " .	Pres
In this technique , alternate courses of bricks are mounted behind the line of the wall , and are plunged in a mortar 's bed .	Past
The dome was about 4.4. m wide , lay on a drum and was adorned with frescoes .	Past
East of the " naos " lay a tripartite sanctuary composed of a " bema " flanked by a " prothesis " and a " diakonikon " .	Past
These paintings were executed either in the tenth or in the middle of the eleventh century , belonging so to the first church .	Past
The diakonikon of the second church was adorned with frescoes showing saints and episodes of the Life of the Virgin .	Past
The best preserved frescoes ( among them Saint Mercurius ) were detached , restored and are on display at the Archaeological Museum of Istanbul .	Past
He subsequently progressed through the various youth classes to the Olympic 470 class .	Past
During their strike they defended themselves with rifles and automatic weapons .	Past
The authorities only retook the plant with the use of artillery .	Pres
The NCC differs from the SNC on two main points of strategy :	Pres
It gathers all of the political parties of the National Democratic Rally , formerly Syria 's main secular opposition coalition , and few other organizations .	Pres
Participants chanted , " The people want the fall of the regime " .	Past
Several were beaten by security forces , and eleven members of the NCC were briefly detained .	Past
She sang in all the great opera house of the world , including London , Vienna , Milan , Brussels , Amsterdam , Rome , Zurich .	Past
They spawn from Taiwan to southern Sakhalin .	Past
The lyrical content of the album mainly explores the subjects of betrayal , friendship and love found , lost and unrequited .	Pres
Ferguson also wished to record with Franklin on the album .	Past
She co-wrote the album with songwriters including Steve Booker ( Duffy ) and Eg White , who has previously worked with Adele , Duffy and James Morrison .	Past
Then they let me just go into sessions on my own – I couldn 't believe it . "	Past
She pointed out that the song is something that she would not normally write about .	Past
And Ferguson herself likewise avoids the showboating vocal frippery by which some contestants aim to brandish their technique . "	Pres
Also , Daily News ( New York ) commented on how Ferguson is a contender to become the next Adele .	Past
The deluxe edition of " Heaven " re-entered the charts at number five .	Past
However , he missed the semi-final .	Past
She was re-elected to the parliament in the 23rd period as the Deputy of Şanlıurfa .	Past
She is also managing director of AK Communication Center ( AKIM ) , which is the responsible body for the communication between the party and public .	Pres
Shimizu currently ( November , 2011 ) divides his time between Osaka , Japan , and New York City .	Pres
In late 2014 he was again re-elected as the Assistant Minority Leader by the House Republican Caucus .	Past
The state Government of Punjab , India has embarked on reform program to modernise its tax administration .	Past
The Department has already implemented the project on computerisation of VAT Information System ( COVIS ) which included designing of a statewide I.T .	Past
All Excise and Taxation district offices are linked with the Central Server through leased-lines and V-Sat and formulation of centralised data base .	Past
Then ETTSA generates a statutory form — a Pass for the truck — to enter Punjab .	Pres
The cows ' milk is sourced from a local herd of Friesians .	Past
The collection comprises more than 8,500 paintings , sculptures and other art objects in around 110 museums respectively locations in Switzerland .	Pres
Marshall and Lily drop by the house they were given by her grandparents in Long Island , which they are planning to sell .	Pres
After returning to their city apartment , they perceive it to be much smaller than before , and they decide to move to the house .	Pres
When the three arrive at the house to prepare for Thanksgiving , Robin locks herself in their bathroom and refuses to leave until they change their minds .	Pres
When Marshall asks if this is about more than them moving , she doesn 't respond .	Pres
She manages to convince Ted this isn 't a good idea .	Pres
Club 's Katherine Miller graded the episode at B + .	Past
This episode attracted 10.01 million viewers .	Past
His father , Maks Herman , advised him to study law .	Past
Based on archeological excavations , it was built on an island between two small streams and surrounded by a wooden palisade .	Past
Later the steams were dammed to prevent flooding .	Past
The walls taper slightly and upper story walls are only about thick to a height of .	Pres
When the Kyburg family died out in 1264 , the city and castle of Zug were inherited by the Habsburgs .	Past
When the Confederation invaded Zug , the surrounding villages immediately surrendered .	Past
In 1407 the castle and village were inherited by Konrad and Ulrich Paygrer .	Past
When he died in 1504 , his sons in law , Jakob von Reinach and Wilhelm von Bernhausen inherited the estates .	Past
After the 1798 French invasion of Switzerland and the creation of the Helvetic Republic the Abbey 's estates , including Hagenwil , were nationalized .	Past
In 1937 / 38 the castle was repaired and restored with the help of the Swiss Federal Office of Civil Protection .	Past
The old north-west corner of the ring wall was demolished and a two story half-timbered residence was added .	Past
In 1515-20 the Bishop Hugo von Hohenlandenberg rebuilt the castle to its current appearance .	Past
The old tower was rebuilt into a U shape .	Past
The city renovated and expanded the castle and in 1967 opened the " Historisches Museum Arbon " ( Arbon History Museum ) .	Past
Copenhagen was foaled in 1808 and was named in honour of the British victory at the Second Battle of Copenhagen .	Past
Copenhagen was bred by General Grosvenor , who was a nephew of the Earl of Grosvenor .	Past
Copenhagen was foaled when Meteor was 25 years old and the stallion died in 1811 when Copenhagen was three years old .	Past
His " enduring qualities " were often attributed to his " Arabian blood . "	Past
Copenhagen raced until he was a four-year-old in the name of General Grosvenor .	Past
Wellington rode Copenhagen in a number of battles .	Past
The pilfered hoof was eventually recovered .	Past
The large Turkey Oak that presently shades Copenhagen 's grave was planted by the elder Duke 's housekeeper Mrs .	Past
The inscription , the bottom-half faded over time , reads :	Pres
Copenhagen was depicted as " a bay , a grey and a chestnut " in various paintings during his lifetime and after his death .	Past
During construction , the Duke 's son and the artist Edwin Landseer toured Wyatt 's foundry and viewed the cast of the horse 's head .	Past
The Act , except so far as it related to perjury and subornation of perjury , was repealed by section 31 of the Forgery Act 1830 .	Past
Section 5 was repealed by section 1 of , and the Schedule to , the Statute Law Revision Act 1871 .	Past
The Act was repealed as far as it applied to England on 1 January 1912 .	Past
The Act was revived and made perpetual by the 9 Geo 2 c 18 .	Past
He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the sixth round of the 2012 NFL Draft .	Past
His signing with the Bears reunited him with his head coach John Fox , and who coached Trevathan during the first three years of his career .	Past
He sustained a calf injury in Week 2 and missed the next two games ( Weeks 3 – 4 ) while recovering .	Past
Many analysts deemed the hit unnecessary due to safety Adrian Amos having Adams wrapped up immediately after he caught a screen pass .	Past
Alfred the Great is dying , Rivals for his succession are poised to tear the kingdom apart .	Past
He is then summoned to go to the King of East Anglia to negotiate a treaty on behalf of Alfred .	Past
Uhtred defeats Sigurd ’ s men because they recklessly attack over the bridge without regard for their safety .	Pres
He travels to Ceaster because Haesten ’ s force is surrounded by a Mercian Army .	Pres
Uhtred hears her prophecy , but is tied up by her and then two monks attempt to kill him .	Pres
Uhtred then goes to Sigurd ’ s Winter Quarters at Snotengaham and burns their fleet of ships , taking one and sailing for Lundene .	Past
Upon returning to Lundene , Uhtred is reunited with his children for a short time .	Past
Uhtred arrives just before Alfred dies .	Past
Upon the death of Alfred , Aethelflaed is kidnapped by Aethelwold , but Uhtred saves her .	Past
Edward is now king and Uhtred expects an attack from the Danes any day , but it does not come soon .	Pres
Uhtred then follows the group of raiders as they head toward Haesten , encamped at Ceaster .	Past
Uhtred , now reinforced with Steapa and Aethelflaed , pursues the larger Danish force to find out where the main part of the invasions is taking place .	Past
This Danish ploy fails because Uhtred figures out the plot and attacks the turncoat Saxons .	Pres
He retreats and returns in his Saxon armor and tells the confused Saxons that the Danes have betrayed them .	Pres
When Sigelf comes to investigate , Uhtred kills him and then convinces the turncoat Saxons and the men of Sigelf to fight for him .	Pres
The real Danes attack Uhtred ’ s force and a major shield wall battle ensues .	Past
Steapa arrives at the crucial moment and pushes the Danes back , thus ending the battle with the Saxons leaving and the Danes holding the battle field .	Pres
Edward marches his army back to Lundene at the conclusion of the story .	Pres
Cornwell 's plot is enlivened by passages of clear beauty as he describes the natural world in which such horrors take place " .	Past
He regularly delivers lectures in international universities and book fairs on literature and film .	Pres
Khaled Al Khamissi was born on September 27 , 1962 to Egyptian parents in downtown Cairo where he still resides .	Past
In addition to Nepali , CK Lal reads , speaks and writes in Maithili , Hindi and English .	Pres
However , he brings insights from a range of disciplines crucial to explaining such issues .	Pres
Other frequent themes of his essays are how politics should be prioritized first to achieve economically thriving and equitable societies .	Past
He thinks that the big political picture should be contextualized and prioritized by politicians , media , and the intelligentsia .	Pres
In his essay in Republica titled " National Insecurity States , " he explores diverse issues about Bengaluru , often called Bengalore .	Pres
In it , he writes : " Keeping the peace is expensive business .	Pres
At that time , Maoists were already waging an insurgency and growing as a political force .	Pres
Regarding religions and social harmony , he mentions : " The need to reform religions is no less pressing .	Pres
He writes : There is little to complain about in the observation that Roy made .	Pres
Had the government gone for Arundhati Roy ’ s head for telling the truth , its actions would only have added further lustre to her celebrity status .	Past
Lal has publicly advocated against several key features of the Constitution of Nepal ( 2072 ) .	Past
Wieland and Gothan interpreted the absence of separate petrified seeds as evidence that the cones did not shed their scales at the final growth year .	Past
Calder questioned the conclusions of Wieland and Gothan .	Past
She also discarded the earlier classification of Spegazzini of " Araucarites " .	Past
Citing striking similarities with the extant " Araucaria bidwillii " , Calder reclassified the specimens as " Araucaria mirabilis " .	Past
" Araucaria mirabilis " belongs to section " Bunya " of the genus " Araucaria " .	Pres
Preserved in volcanic ash , some of the specimens measure in diameter and were at least in height when alive .	Past
The trees were preserved just as the cones had finished maturing .	Past
They are overlain by fertile scales containing one seed each , embedded on the upper surface .	Pres
It is fused to the nucellus ( central portion of the ovule ) only at the base .	Past
The sclerotesta ( the " shell " ) also exhibits a zigzag pattern of sclereids .	Pres
The fossilized seeds are exquisitely preserved , showing both mature and immature stages .	Past
Most of the cones have been preserved before their seeds could be dispersed .	Past
Nevertheless , no separate petrified seeds or bracts have been recovered .	Past
On this basis , " A. mirabilis " is classified as belonging to the section " Bunya " .	Pres
Juveniles , however , which lacked the bulk of the adults and required larger amounts of proteins for growth , probably subsisted on other plants .	Past
After she had played all 13 of his nocturnes at the Salle Gaveau in 1974 , Fauré 's daughter-in-law greeted her with the words , " Oh !	Past
This was encouraged by better roads and motorways , increasing average speeds and driver expectations of handling .	Past
Circle Holdings lends money to Circle Partnership to enable it to carry out the business , paying interest on the loan at 7 % .	Pres
They cited austerity and the need to reduce activity in hospitals as key drivers .	Past
The Care Quality Commission had inspected the hospital and were satisfied .	Past
It addresses tax evasion , tax havens , offshore financial centres , tax information exchange agreements , double taxation and money laundering .	Pres
The Forum promotes the implementation of two internationally agreed standards on exchange of information for tax purposes .	Pres
In the United States , the Heritage Foundation criticized the move as a European effort to limit competition among tax jurisdictions .	Past
At a meeting in Mexico in September 2009 , the Global Forum was restructured and received its own Secretariat .	Past
Among the countries and territories that had passed a Phase 2 review , none was rated non-compliant ( Grade D ) any more .	Past
Nine countries were rated as only partially compliant ( Grade C ) , still including Austria and Turkey .	Past
their legal framework had been reviewed and they were eligible to move to Phase 2 :	Past
As of November 2015 , 41 countries have submitted specific commitments to implement legislation and other measures related to the automated exchange of tax information .	Past
She doubled in the 3000 m and 5000 m events at the Big 12 indoor championship and won both titles .	Past
As of the fall of 2012 , she has been focusing on building up her mileage .	Pres
I feel she has the perfect background to make an immediate impact on our programs and will lead our GCU distance programs to national success . "	Pres
The plant grows several fine bushy stems with needle like leaves , reaching over one meter in length .	Pres
This perennial plant produces small white flowers during spring , and small spherical seeds that are black in color .	Pres
The plant produces attractive green bushy stems with fine needle like leaves .	Pres
Traditionally bridged signals were modeled with logic AND or OR of signals .	Past
Following the end of 2015 – 16 , Fejzullahu handed a transfer request in order to move abroad .	Past
Aside moving abroad , he was strongly linked with a move to Skënderbeu Korçë , participating in a training session with them .	Past
Instead he intends to concentrate on the Scottish Rally Championship .	Pres
However , after she suspended her campaign as she was due to give birth , the gap narrowed as Ólafur stood alone as the leading campaigner .	Past
I of course hoped to win .	Past
The oldest sources connects the palace to the Ercolani family and was initially built by Giacomo della Porta .	Pres
The facade of the building on Via del Plebiscito is decorated with pilasters with capitals .	Past
At the center of it opens the door flanked by two Doric columns of gray granite and topped by a balcony .	Pres
Its shares are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market and were listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange until 2012 .	Past
DBSI Investments controls 37.27 % of the company .	Pres
He vacated the positions in 2011 , whereupon David Mahlab became Pointer 's CEO and president .	Past
Between 2000 and 2003 , he accomplished various programmes for the German Federal Foreign Office aiming to acquaint Slovakia and Croatia with the EU .	Past
He supports the idea that the negative reputation of Brussels ´ lobbyists is often misleading .	Pres
The paper ceased publication in 1958 .	Past
Founded in 1990 , it was the first women 's football team in Navarre .	Past
The main character copes with his childhood loss of his father against the backdrop of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and memories of the Arrow Cross dictatorship .	Pres
It corresponded to an investment of over 7 million euros .	Past
The Kyaia group employs over 500 factory workers .	Pres
Given the city-state 's compact size , most venues were pre-existing public-sporting facilities located in the suburban heartlands which were reverted to public use after the games .	Pres
The clustering of venues is aimed at easing the traffic flow , bus and Mass Rail Transit service for games athletes and officials were provided .	Past
During the closing ceremony of the 2013 Southeast Asian Games , the SEAGF Flag was formally handed over from Myanmar to Singapore .	Past
The games was budgeted to cost SGD325 million ( USD287 million ) but eventual cost came to SGD264 million .	Past
The logo also depicts the Southeast Asian Games Federation logo and the word " 28th SEA Games " .	Pres
He wears either his signature tracksuit or blue sporting attire , depending on the occasion .	Pres
The ceremony was helmed by more than 5,000 performers and volunteers and supported by 3,500 soldiers .	Past
Floor projection are accomplished using 160 multimedia high-definition projectors .	Past
Nila , the mascot apparently leaped down in the stadium with a hanging parachute after the video footage of the mascot .	Past
The ceremony concludes with the President leaving the stadium .	Pres
A bunch of fireworks then erupted over the National Stadium , signalling the official conclusion of the Games .	Past
For a brief moment , performers some dressed as Nila and others wearing the Nila suit dance to the music played .	Pres
A custom-made Biyan gown now retails from a price of US $ 10,000 to $ 20,000	Pres
The initial feelings of mutual distrust between the guest and his hosts are softened with consecutive rounds of moonshine .	Past
Środoń slowly learns more about the family and its own problems .	Pres
Knee injuries , the first of which occurred in 1985 , shortened his career .	Past
One of his injuries was treated with an artificial graft shortened his career , a procedure later successfully used on Nick Malceski .	Past
He posted a 14-13 win-loss record while playing for the Green Bay Bays .	Past
In , he pitched for Green Bay , Waterloo , and Omaha .	Past
Fans rioted after Cobb and Al Simmons were both ejected from the game .	Past
At a 1929 Philadelphia-Cleveland game , Ormsby sustained a concussion when was hit in the head by a glass bottle intended for another umpire .	Past
Ormsby was overcome by the heat during the game and injured White Sox player Conlan was asked to assume umpiring duties .	Past
He later travelled to Vakschool Voor Kleermaker & Coupeuse in the Netherlands to learn tailoring between 1947 – 1953 .	Past
Went through crisis in the 1974 , he was the first and the most detailed Haute Couture designer in that time in Indonesia .	Past
In the mid- ' 80s the two forcibly take over a nightclub run by Miss Yeo ( Kim Hye-eun ) that is on the turf of Pan-ho .	Pres
Pan-ho threatens a gang war with Hyung-bae , and Ik-hyun is forced to decide where his loyalties and self-survival lie .	Pres
When Ik-hyun is arrested by the prosecutor , he finally reveals all his connections to the underworld in order to save himself .	Pres
However , he seemingly only reveals the whereabouts of Pan-ho , who has been hiding away from the authorities .	Pres
Despite having escaped the law and living a life of luxury , Ik-hyun is still suffering from guilt over how he betrayed Hyung-bae .	Pres
" Nameless Gangster " attracted over 4 million admissions in 26 days of release .	Past
It drew 1 million in four days , 2.5 million in 11 days , 3 million in 17 days , and 3.5 million in 20 days .	Past
The two actors ' presence is backed up by a solid supporting cast , giving the film a distinct flavor of a gangster classic . "	Past
It grossed in its first week of release , and grossed a total of after nine weeks of screening .	Past
On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes the film has 4 reviews , all are positive .	Pres
The film has been parodied in many popular variety shows on TV , such as " Gag Concert " and " Infinite Challenge " .	Past
It was also parodied by members of the boy band Shinhwa in their " " concerts in August 2013 .	Past
The ride is themed to Peanuts and is located in the kid 's area of the parks .	Past
After training as a cabinetmaker , he learnt furniture design at the Design School in Copenhagen , qualifying in 1940 .	Past
Apart from that , the extracellular domains of these proteins tend to have similar molecular features and are responsible for ligand recognition .	Pres
Therefore , the opposing functions these receptors have must be attributed to differences in their intracellular domains .	Past
KARs proteins possess positively charged transmembrane residues and short cytoplasmic tails that contain few intracellular signaling domains .	Pres
When an inhibitory receptor is stimulated by the binding of MHC class I , kinases and phosphatases are recruited to the receptor complex .	Past
This is how ITIMs counteract the effect of kinases initiated by activating receptors and manage to inhibit the signal transduction within the NK cell .	Pres
In fact , these intracellular domains determine the opposite functions of activation and inhibitory receptors .	Pres
KARs recognise MICA and MICB when they are in a huge proportion and get engaged .	Pres
This engagement activates the natural killer cell to attack the transformed or infected cells .	Pres
To recapitulate , these ligands activate the NK , as we explained .	Pres
When this happens the NK is activated and the hosted cell is destroyed .	Past
For instance , the C-type lectins receptors are inhibited by some CD94 / NKG2 complex .	Past
He is depicted as a young boy standing in front of his seated mother on south wall .	Past
Departments employing medical photographers tend to number five people or less .	Pres
Some medical photographers specialize in areas such as ophthalmology and dermatology .	Pres
This solved a problem of representation by artists who were asked to produce illustrations only from description or highly influenced by the interpretation of physicians and surgeons .	Past
He devised a method for activating individual muscles of the face through electronic stimulation .	Past
This grouped the other tones together and rendered them as similar shades of black .	Past
The Laguatan emerged in the late 3rd century , when the first groups started a westward migration from their original homes in the Libyan Desert .	Past
Peachtree Hills was subdivided from farmland in 1910 .	Past
He was assassinated by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam during the Sri Lankan Civil War .	Past
Anandarajah was assassinated on 26 June 1985 in Jaffna as he was riding his motorbike .	Past
It is alleged that the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam assassinated Anandarajah for organising a cricket match with the Sri Lankan military .	Past
He was eliminated in the first round , while his Pan American rival Foster retained the world title .	Past
A tough tackling central defender , she wore number 3 for her club .	Past
She tore her ACL during UEFA Women 's Euro 2001 and missed Sweden 's extra time defeat to Germany in the final .	Past
Located in Baghdad , Al-Karkh , Al-Yarmouk city , besides Al-Mustansiriya medical college ( and is considered the teaching hospital for its students ) .	Past
The second phase of construction recognisable in the wall materials and characterised by brickwork is assessed by the sources as dating to the 14th century .	Past
He exercised from here his rights of patronage over Sittichenbach Abbey .	Past
In 1485 the castle once more belonged to the prince-elector , Ernest of Saxony .	Past
At that time the castle was already falling into decay .	Pres
After the Berbers were defeated , he fled with the " sacred image " of Gurzil , but was caught and killed and the image destroyed .	Past
The front depicts the Kommunalny Bridge across the Yenisey River and Paraskeva Pyatnitsa Chapel in Krasnoyarsk , which is also the city in the background .	Pres
In June 2012 she was inducted into the Fort Erie Sports Wall of Fame .	Past
Villeneuve owns a horse farm in central Florida , where for a time she trained , bred and showed rare Akhal-Tekes .	Pres
In 2016 , she and fellow jock-turned trainer , Amanda Roxborough , co-founded the Sport of Queens Racing Club .	Past
He was re-elected president of the growing Christian Democratic Alliance on 14 February 2004 .	Past
He secured his seat in Parliament supported by Fidesz - Hungarian Civic Party representing Constituency 1 , Szob , Pest County .	Past
The album was honored with a Metal Storm Award in 2012 , when it was voted Best Heavy Metal / Melodic Album .	Past
During his Milan years he also collaborated with Egon Von Furstenberg .	Past
His designs are enhanced with embroidery , Swarovski crystals , beads , semiprecious stones and sequins sewn by hand using the techniques of haute couture .	Past
In August 2018 , he trialled with 1 .	Past
In September 2010 , the band headlined the O2 ABC Glasgow and released One More Second Chance which was met by a good response from critics .	Past
The reasons for this break have not been explained but it is thought that the commitments of other members has forced it upon the band .	Past
The band reformed in 2013 for a free show in Glasgow on 25 September , but there has since been no activity from the group .	Past
Formed in 1987 , New Kingdom was known for its psychedelic , funk , and blues-influenced style and abstract lyricism .	Past
New Kingdom 's musical style combines elements of hard rock , psychedelic music , funk , and blues .	Pres
Each pustule bears the larva of a Great Old One . "	Pres
He avoided multiple crashes to finish 23rd , and turned in another top-30 effort the following week at Homestead-Miami Speedway .	Past
She also questioned why , despite her love for traditional textiles and cloths , there were no new patterns and designs .	Past
Obin prefers to avoid cutting into her textiles , making them into sarongs and shawls so that their patterns are kept intact .	Pres
Sometimes she asks buyers not to cut the fabrics , but instead to appreciate their craftsmanship , artistry and heritage techniques .	Pres
The Lebanese National Movement was later superseded by the Lebanese National Resistance Front , in which the party participated .	Past
She was mostly ignored during her childhood due to the fact that her parents were the two most splendid people in all the seven kingdoms .	Past
She sends for artists from all the kingdoms , and eventually one is chosen to paint a portrait of her as she was before her illness .	Pres
After her mother 's funeral Lissar devotes herself to raising Ash and trying to avoid her father for reasons she fears to name .	Pres
After being saved , Lissar feels a compulsion to be among people again .	Pres
She travels to a different kingdom where she is given the chance to present herself before the court .	Pres
She succeeds in saving all six puppies she is assigned , with some help from Ossin who tends to his dogs himself .	Pres
This is further encouraged when Lissar manages to find a child that had been lost with absolutely no guidance .	Past
After spending the winter recovering , Deerskin feels compelled to return to Ossin 's city , following an urgent call .	Pres
As she nears the city , she hears about a wedding and assumes that it is Ossin 's .	Pres
She realizes to her horror that the king , her father , is going to marry Ossin 's younger sister .	Pres
Confronting her father finally frees Lissar to accept Ossin 's love .	Pres
Afterwards he and Riser were taken prisoner by The Master Builder and thrown on Halo Installation 07 .	Pres
Like every human , Chakas is also carrying a spirit within him given by The Librarian ( Didact 's wife ) .	Pres
On Halo , Chakas befriends Vinnevra and her grandfather Gamelpar and the three of them proceed to follow Vinnevra 's geas ; seeking a safe place .	Pres
Unbeknown to them , the installation ’ s beacon had been reset and they now head towards The Primordial ’ s lair - The Palace of Pain .	Past
After witnessing The Primordial , they decide to head in the opposite direction and after a long journey they reach the shores of an ocean .	Pres
While sleeping at night in the refugee center , Chakas is greeted by Riser who warns him not to trust the Lifeworker .	Past
The spirits within all humans are extracted and Mendicant Bias promises them revenge on Forerunners .	Past
Chakas then merges with the Didact to move the halo through a portal .	Pres
He is now seeking the spirits of Riser and Vinnevra , for whom he seek the Librarian ..	Pres
He puts the ship 's crew to sleep and takes off .	Pres
He criticised in a very honest way , but was never blunt .	Past
No one matched his eclecticism and wit , his wicked humour .	Past
Alan Davidson remembered " his wit , often self-deprecatory .	Past
After an almost two-year winning streak , injuries curtailed his career in 1952 .	Past
He then travelled to an international track meet in Helsinki , Finland , the month after and improved the record further with a time of 13.5 seconds .	Past
He repeated as the AAU 110 m hurdles champion in June , winning the race in a time of 13.8 seconds .	Past
After his national title win , he travelled to Europe for a series of high level competitions .	Past
The " Cleveland News " traces its antecedents to 1868 , when " The Cleveland Leader " titled its late edition the " Evening News " .	Pres
When he was seven , the family migrated to Barisal where they settled permanently .	Past
Yajneshwar too was gifted with a melodious voice .	Past
He resolved to fulfil the wish of the great patriot .	Past
In 1906 , Mukunda Das staged his plays at different places of Barisal and then travelled to Noakhali and Tripura and returned to Barisal before the monsoons .	Past
In June , 1906 , he staged his drama at the Swadeshi Utsav in Barisal , where his play was highly praised by the national leadership .	Past
On 16 April , he staged the play in the palace of the Rai Bahadur .	Past
The play was further popularized by the press .	Past
The government of newly formed Eastern Bengal and Assam clamped down , citing incitement to violence .	Past
'Matripuja ' was banned by the government at that time .	Past
In 1932 , the government banned all his plays .	Past
After the ban , he was restricted to singing only .	Past
In addition , the PDU clashed with the moderate or autonomist Bukovinan Romanians , whose leaders were Aurel Onciul and Iancu Flondor .	Past
Bukovinans of all nationalities emancipated themselves as the Austro-Hungarian regime collapsed and , after war ended on all fronts , the region faced an uncertain future .	Past
The National Romanian Council reacted by demanding help from the Romanian Land Forces ( General Iacob Zadig ) .	Past
The Congress , which opened with a greeting to the Romanian Army , was boycotted by the Ukrainian and Jewish representatives .	Past
In his view : " Provincial politics have vanished on the very day of union . "	Past
The Ukrainians tended to view Romanian rule as accidental , and expected assistance from the Ukrainian People 's Republic .	Past
The Ukrainian , Jewish , German and socialist political groups boycotted the November 1919 legislative election .	Past
The 1919 legislature ratified the act of union and saw the signing of the Saint-Germain Treaty , which awarded it formal recognition .	Past
The PDU briefly parted with the PNL and supported the opposition .	Past
After April 5 , 1920 , a Unification Commission deposed all that remained of Bukovina 's autonomous administration , and Nistor resigned from his Bukovina Minister post .	Past
Brătianu 's platform , it argued , was one of " order , good governance , legality and justice . "	Past
Eventually , in January 1923 , the PDU was absorbed into the PNL .	Past
In 2011 , a print was auctioned for $ 4.3 million ( then £ 2.7m ) , making it the most expensive photograph ever sold .	Past
Alvacast then traveled throughout Uruguay in support of their debut album and consequently secured a prominent position in the country 's rock music scene of the time .	Past
Alvacast toured heavily in 1988 , performing at Montevideo Rock II and playing smaller club shows in Buenos Aires throughout the year .	Past
After exploring English-language recording , as well as a limited number of releases in the United States , Alvacast relocated to Canada in 1992 .	Past
Are dissolved and reunited twice , one of them even a momentary departure of original vocalist Charly Lopez .	Past
Congress ' deputies have reserved the possibility of amending the lyrics of the anthem at a later date .	Past
The couplets are sung in French ; the chorus is sung in Nengone then in French .	Past
Dans les vallées de tes rivières , < br >	Pres
Terre , tu es notre avenir .	Pres
Oh sacred land of our ancestors , < br >	Past
You invite them to pass on to us < br >	Pres
By the end of the 13th century , Johan van Broeckhuysen was lent the allodium of Venlo as Knight by the Count of Guelders .	Past
Although self-taught , Parekh 's talent for dancing enabled him to join dance troupes on both the west and east coasts of the United States .	Past
Dancing liberated me , I was no longer an introverted individual , which I had been my whole life .	Past
Soon after , he landed his first major role , as Shaheed in the Bollywood Hindi-language film , " Khel Shuru " .	Past
In 2007 , Parekh landed another Bollywood role in the feature film " Ta Ra Rum Pum " as the character Nilesh .	Past
In 2013 , he co-starred as Aaron on the FOX drama , The Following .	Past
She rose to prominence in Uzbekistan with her song " Muhabbatim " ( " My Love " ) in 2003 .	Past
Since then she has acted in several Uzbek movies .	Past
The couple divorced in 2011 .	Past
She rose to prominence in Uzbekistan with her song " Muhabbatim " ( " My Love " ) in 2003 .	Past
Since then she has acted in several films .	Past
Roy Fox booked her in 1949 for his stage show at the Theatre Royal in Dublin .	Past
She sang until 1966 with the Joe Loss Orchestra for weekly programs on the BBC and nightly at the Hammersmith Palais .	Past
BF 1304 Jan 1964 ' Lipstick paint a smile on me / I 'm a lonely one too'	Past
Two radio stations in Matamoros , Tamaulipas bear the callsign XEEW :	Pres
Drilling indicated a reserve of 7.8 million tonnes of ore grading 2.44 % copper and 0.69 % cobalt in oxides at a depth of to .	Past
Ore would be extracted by a contractor using conventional open pit selective exploitation , with multiple pits and multiple cut-back to ensure a steady supply of ore .	Past
She competes in the Laser Radial , a class of small singlehanded sailing dinghy .	Pres
A thinner crust subsides relative to thicker , undeformed crust .	Pres
The rate and magnitude of sedimentation controls the rate at which subsidence occurs .	Pres
By contrast , in orogenic processes , mountain building creates a large load on the Earth 's crust , causing flexural depressions in adjacent lithospheric crust .	Pres
Successful rifting creates a spreading center like a mid-ocean ridge , which moves progressively further from coastlines as oceanic lithosphere is produced .	Pres
Pull-apart basins have short-lived subsidence that forms from transtensional strike-slip faults .	Past
Cooling occurs after the fault fails to propagate further following the crustal thinning via normal faulting .	Pres
The upstream end of the passage was sealed with subsequent lava flows .	Past
This is understood to be why there are lime features .	Past
She early appreciated the value of women 's clubs and magnified it .	Past
She loved to exercise hospitality and shared with her friends what she herself enjoyed .	Past
In May of that year , she reorganized the private Bank of Girard into the State Bank of Girard .	Past
In the era of the Pyu city-states it was a city of considerable significance , possibly a local capital replacing Sri Ksetra .	Pres
Stupas and monastic buildings have also been excavated within the city walls .	Past
while the western wall has collapsed owing to soil erosion caused by the action of the Yanpè Creek .	Past
Beikthano was defended by two walls , was a City wall and an inner palace wall .	Past
In the present stage of historical research in this country the personalities characterized in the legend are beyond authentic identification .	Past
According to the UNESCO report , the Pyu Kingdom prospered for over 1,000 years between 200 BC and 900 AD .	Past
His favoured subject was the Ennerdale valley in the English Lake District where he grew up in the early twentieth century .	Past
Rawling 's poem ' Privy ' was shortlisted in the Arvon / Observer International Poetry Competition in 1985 .	Past
Ric was initially portrayed as a bully of vulnerable people and held no respect for authority .	Past
In one Ric faces a murder charge for a crime he did not commit .	Pres
Ric 's backstory has been attributed to forming his persona , in which he was abused by his father , Owen Dalby .	Past
Ric maintains various relationships during his time in the series .	Pres
Though , Scott Ellis from the publication opined that Ric managed to annoy nearly every regular character featured in " Home and Away " .	Past
Furze 's agent informed him about the role and Furze read the character run through of Ric .	Past
He liked the role because he had never played a " baddie " before .	Past
While dating Cassie , the " cheeky " Belle decides to " sabotage " Ric and Cassie 's relationship .	Pres
The storyline sees Belle attempting steal Ric from Cassie by seducing him and Tovey said that the storyline had comedic value .	Pres
He also opined that viewers felt thought the scenes were " intense and convincing " .	Past
After Ric forgives Matilda for kissing Reuben Humpheries ( Dan Ewing ) , she decides to move in with him to further their commitment .	Pres
Ric also questions whether she is doing it for right reasons .	Pres
While Matilda soon reveals that she is not pregnant .	Pres
Ric then visits Viv and ends up in bed with her .	Pres
Matilda decides to move to Perth to attend university , and asks a reluctant Ric to join her or she will end their relationship .	Pres
Ric decides to stay in Summer Bay , so Matilda leaves .	Pres
When another male answers Matilda 's phone , Ric presumes she has moved on .	Pres
Ric thinks seducing Kirsty will make himself feel better .	Pres
While in prison Ric faces violence from his old enemy and Rocco 's brother , Johnny Cooper ( Callan Mulvey ) .	Pres
Furze predicted that Ric would be involved in many more fighting scenes because of his persona .	Past
The situation escalates and Furze said that " Ric finds himself being ordered to finish the fight at gunpoint .	Pres
Noel wants him punished and it doesn 't look good … Ric knows he 's at serious risk . "	Pres
The shop is then subjected to an armed robbery carried out by Kane Phillips ( Sam Atwell ) .	Past
Ric knew he had been feeling stressed for a while .	Past
Ric attends counselling sessions with Rachel Armstrong ( Amy Mathews ) and begins to get his life back together .	Pres
Ric 's father beats him up and Flynn Saunders ( Joel McIlroy ) notices that something is wrong .	Pres
Ric pushes his father down the stairs and is injured ; he then has a seizure at the Hunter 's house .	Pres
Morag Bellingham ( Cornelia Frances ) informs Ric that it is likely he will be charged with his father 's murder .	Pres
Flynn detains Ric and reveals that Alf Stewart is his grandfather .	Pres
Ric agrees to move in with Alf , but Ric leaves when Alf thinks he is taking drugs .	Pres
Matilda Hunter decides to forgive Ric for bullying her brother .	Pres
She realises his bad temper is a result of his father 's abuse and thinks he can change .	Pres
He keeps in contact with Cassie and she moves into Sally and Flynn 's when her grandmother dies .	Pres
Matilda is rescued and Ric forces Callan to leave Summer Bay .	Past
Cassie decides that Ric does not trust her and ends their relationship .	Pres
Aden 's brother Sean ( Gabriel Egan ) beats Ric up which makes Cassie briefly get back with Ric .	Pres
He decides to leave school and become an apprentice mechanic .	Pres
Ric dumps Belle in favour of Cassie , but she cheats on Ric with her ex Macca MacKenzie ( Trent Baines ) .	Pres
Matilda supports Ric through the break up and they decide to start their own relationship .	Pres
When Ric finds out that Rocco stabbed Sally , Ric beats him up .	Pres
In prison Rocco 's brother Johnny seeks revenge .	Pres
He decides to go with her and is worried that Matilda is pregnant when he finds a test .	Pres
She reveals it is not hers and they agree they are not ready for children .	Pres
Matilda walks out of her exams leaving Ric 's hope for a new life elsewhere ruined .	Pres
They bond when he shares his problems about Matilda .	Pres
Matilda dumps Ric who then decides to sleep with Viv .	Pres
She then discovers that she is pregnant and Noel tells Ric that he cannot have children and they used him to gain a child .	Pres
Sam Holden ( Jessica Chapnik ) saves them by murdering Johnny .	Pres
Noel asks Ric to participate in bare knuckle fighting in exchange for money , but Ric refuses .	Pres
Matilda realises that Ric is fighting due to his gain of wealth and facial bruising .	Pres
When Ric is badly beaten at his next fight , Rachel decides not to inform the police .	Pres
Noel blackmails Ric to take part in another fight or risk the health of his child .	Pres
Noel discovers that Viv is trying to leave him and postpones the fight ; the police arrive to arrest Noel who is in possession of a gun .	Pres
Ric decides not to but they discuss ways of making their relationship work .	Pres
Alf realises that Ric is miserable without Matilda and buys him a one-way ticket to Perth .	Pres
Ric and Matilda reunite and agree to spend their lives together .	Pres
Schembri opined that any other male would have said this after sex and " given her a fake mobile number " .	Past
They branded him " fit Ric " and said that Ric " goes a bit " Fight Club " " during his bare knuckle fight storyline .	Past
A columnist for the " Daily Mail " similarly opined that the boxing storyline was based on the movie .	Past
East End United were relegated to the Cayman Islands First Division after finishing eighth place in last season 's competition .	Past
Cotton can be recycled from pre-consumer ( post-industrial ) and post-consumer cotton waste .	Past
The mix is carded several times in order to clean and mix the fibers before they are spun into new yarns .	Past
Recycled cotton is therefore often blended with virgin cotton fibers to improve yarn strengths .	Past
It has long been hypothesized that life may have existed on Mars due to the similarity of environmental and tectonic conditions during the Archean time .	Past
Preserved life in Archean rocks has been altered over its 3.5 billion year history and , thus , can be difficult to distinguish .	Past
The cell wall structure can be preserved , but the original composition changes over time and becomes mineralised .	Past
Over time , it is mineralised into graphite or graphite-like carbon , or degrades into oil and gas hydrocarbons .	Past
Isotope analysis of inorganic carbon typically yields δC values heavier than − 10 per mil , with numbers usually falling between − 5 and 5 per mil .	Pres
Evidence for this hypothesis is preserved in both chert and lithified stromatolites .	Past
The oldest stromatolites have been dated to approximately 3.5 billion years old .	Past
Stromatolites in Barberton have been dated to about 3.3 billion years .	Past
Microfossils found in chert extend the Barberton microfossil record back to 3.5 billion years .	Pres
Oceanic lithosphere ( the Meso-Tethys ) was consumed during this collision and subducted under the Qiangtang terrane .	Past
The high Tibetan plateau resisted further crustal thickening leading to the slowing of convergence and subsequent migration of crustal shortening to the flanks of the plateau .	Past
Classical interpretations of plate tectonics indicates that deformation from the Eurasian-Indian collision should be concentrated along the subduction zone .	Pres
The game can be tailored to the skill level of the players by selecting easy or difficult targets .	Past
If an odd number has to be halved , it is normally rounded up .	Past
Gizbert initiated a fast-paced and hard-hitting style that avoids the pitfalls of many similar shows , that rely on an interview style .	Past
This demonstrates quickly and succinctly not only what each player has put into their variant of the story , but also what each has left out .	Pres
Blueworks Live adheres to the BPMN 2.0 standard developed and maintained by BPMN.org .	Pres
All data is stored in the cloud eliminating the need for infrastructure beyond a computer with a web browser .	Past
Blueworks Live is also fully integrated with IBM 's BPM product enabling customers to quickly take their processes from discovery to implementation if so desired .	Past
This involves blogs , tutorials or application changes and updates .	Pres
Blueworks Live distinguishes between four types of license : Editors , Contributors , Viewers , and Community .	Pres
User authentication is ensured by providing every user a unique password tied with his personal or company e-mail address .	Past
IBM let the users choose their own preferred level of authentication in application settings .	Past
Destined for China , the predominant color of the decoration is cerulean blue , inspired by the image of the celestial empire .	Past
I feel freer , more tranquil , and more self-confident .	Pres
During the period in which I was assiduously studying his work I dreamed of him often and I always felt intimidated and embarrassed before him . "	Past
“ Robert Bouchet chez les japonais ” trans .	Pres
Previous research has outlined several dislocation creep regimes present in experimental conditions .	Past
The other process involves differences in stored strain energy between neighboring grains , resulting in migration of existing grain boundaries .	Pres
These regimes will be discussed in terms of temperature changes , assuming a constant level of shear .	Past
The at-large proportion and structure of the original quartz crystals is preserved to the greatest extent , compared with the other profiles .	Past
In this case as well , intragranular deformation features have been erased , but may be present from later-stage overprinting .	Past
Pearl Diver was bred in occupied France at Edward Esmond 's Mortefontaine Stud in 1944 .	Past
On Esmond 's death in 1945 , the yearling colt was inherited by de Waldner .	Past
On his three-year-old debut Pearl Diver was beaten in a race at Le Tremblay by a filly called Imprudence .	Past
He was unsuited by the firm ground	Past
Ordained in 1954 , Corteso became a bishop in 1979 retiring in 2007 .	Past
Tadrus was nicknamed " The Hornet " .	Past
The hosts of the seven one-venue mini-tournament groups are indicated below in " italics " .	Past
Roughly 220 million years ago , the continents of Antarctica , South America , and Africa rifted apart .	Past
Unfortunately their age is poorly constrained , but they are most likely from the upper Permian and Triassic .	Past
During this time the Trinity Peninsula Group sediments were folded and slightly metamorphosed , particularly at the peninsula 's northernmost point .	Past
The creation of the inner magmatic arc is characterized by terrestrial clastic deposition and the early stages of acidic volcanism and plutonism .	Past
The clastic beds overlay the TPG sediments , and are separated by angular unconformities .	Pres
The younger system of faults , also a series of strike-slip faults , displaced the older system and formed transverse to the island arc .	Past
This basin separates the inner , older magmatic arc ( mainland Antarctic Peninsula ) from the outer , younger magmatic arc ( South Shetland Islands ) .	Pres
The trenchward migration of the spreading center is attributed to the subduction of the Phoenix Plate under the Antarctic Plate .	Past
He chaired the development society " Bærums Sogneselskap " from 1930 to 1938 , and received honorary membership here .	Past
He learnt " borgeets " from the maestro Dayal Chandra Sutradhar .	Past
College was participating in the festival .	Pres
On that very occasion , Pathak topped in the borgeet , adhunik geet , bhajan and ghazal categories which inspired him tremendously .	Past
His colleague Afjal Hussain pressed him to give an audition for the All India Radio , Guwahati .	Past
During the audition , Pathak sang a modern Assamese song .	Past
Kamal Narayan Choudhury , the judge , scolded him and remarked that he was sacrificing a bright career by opting for modern songs .	Past
Pathak guided her for the audition .	Past
They acted , sang , played instruments like the dotora , flute and others and initiated the functioning of the opera .	Past
After their marriage , the couple collaborated on a number of gramophone records and over a hundred and fifty audio cassettes .	Past
The Chief Minister of Assam donated 80,000 towards his treatment , which cost 300,000 .	Past
Rippley umpired 2,514 regular season major league games in his 21-year career .	Past
Since then ; it has grown to be the largest retailer of books and consumer electronics in Saudi Arabia .	Past
In 2003 , the company had undergone an initial public offering and a third of its shares is currently traded on Tadawul the Saudi stock exchange .	Past
This irritated and enraged the Brahmin , who left the kingdom .	Past
Rishi Basistha informed his expertise to king Dasharath to get children .	Past
His principles specified that a site should be of historical interest , and it should have convenient access for visitors .	Past
During the contest , Ms. Jackie , who was accompanying Storm , interfered and helped Storm by standing on the ring apron and distracting Young .	Past
Storm challenged Young to another drinking contest on the January 3 , 2008 episode of " Impact ! " .	Past
The second round was contested with both participants having beer bottles taped to their hands and neither being allowed to go to the bathroom .	Past
" , Rhino stole the title belt from Storm and bashed the belt across a ring post , thus destroying it and ending the storyline surrounding it .	Past
When the title was revealed at Genesis , Chris Sokol of the Canadian Online Explorer spoke of its design in his review of the event .	Past
This helps to identify regions of the virus that do not change , thus are thought to represent important regions .	Pres
During the segment , Steiner switched his case with Williams prior to the contents being revealed .	Past
when Steiner teamed with Williams to face The Rock ' n Rave Infection ( Jimmy Rave and Lance Hoyt ) .	Past
During the contest , Steiner stole Williams ' case , bashed Williams with it , and left the arena .	Past
's Voodoo Kin Mafia tag team partner Kip James inquired on when B.G .	Past
Styles and Tomko defended the TNA World Tag Team Championship against the team of B.G .	Past
Eric Young defended the TNA World Beer Drinking Championship against James Storm , who was accompanied by Jackie Moore , in the fourth encounter .	Past
Moore interfered in the bout helping Storm twice .	Past
In Barbed Wire Massacre , the ring ropes are switched with strands of barbed-wire and several weapons are featured wrapped in barbed-wire .	Past
Mesias bashed Abyss over the head with a barbed-wire wrapped chair , which caused Abyss to bleed from the forehead .	Past
Styles interfered in the bout to attack Cage , but was stopped by Joe .	Past
Angle then grabbed a steel chair from ringside and bashed Cage with it .	Past
" , Rhino challenged Storm to the contest at the event .	Past
Rhino stole the championship belt on the March 6 , 2008 episode of " Impact ! "	Past
It supports Malawians in the diaspora in various ways whom are living in the United States , including Malawian-Americans and Malawian citizens living in the U.S .	Pres
MWA organizes trips for Malawians in order to help Malawians integrate into their new environments .	Pres
It organizes visits to surrounding tourist attractions in such as museums and amusement parks .	Pres
MWA supports community and economic development in Malawi and encourages the diaspora to give back to Malawi .	Pres
MWA participates in a number of philanthropic endeavors including supporting AIDS and Cancer charitable events both in the US and in Malawi .	Pres
In 2005 MWA also assisted earthquake victims in the 2009 Karonga earthquakes .	Past
MWA 's initiative , " Movement for Dual Citizenship for Malawi " , aims at sensitizing Malawians about matters concerning dual citizenship in Malawi .	Pres
In 2004 , it collaborated with the embassy of Malawi to organize an event for President Bingu wa Mutharika to address the Malawian Diaspora in Malawi .	Past
UCSB conferred 66 bachelor 's degrees in physics in 2013 , which represents the sixth largest graduating physics class among U.S. universities .	Past
The faculty members conduct and supervise research in Astrophysics , Cosmology , Biophysics , Condensed Matter Physics , Gravitation , and Particle Physics .	Pres
Fares Mohammed Mana 'a ( born February 8 , 1965 ) is a top Yemeni arms-dealer , businessman , rebel commander and politician .	Pres
Mana 'a denied these charges claiming that arms had been stolen by Houthis from an arms deposit he owned .	Past
Schwarts umpired 338 major league games in his three-year career .	Past
The best available evidence suggests that the Pyu script gradually developed between the 2nd and 6th centuries CE .	Pres
On 4 August 2013 , the station reopened serving IZBAN commuter trains .	Past
The school was co-ed and followed Cambridge syllabus and catered to children of the British garrison and railway employees .	Past
It opted for ISCE in 1963 till 1976 and later was affiliated to CBSE .	Past
The 16 teams are seeded in 4 groups .	Past
A total of forty events were contested , of which 22 by male and 18 by female athletes .	Past
Cuba topped the medal table for a third time , winning eighteen gold medals and 34 medals overall .	Past
Madeline de Jesús jumped a national record to win the women 's long jump and Puerto Rico 's sole gold of the tournament .	Past
However , only 344 participating athletes ( including some guest athletes ) were counted by analysing the official result list .	Past
Cortes ' research covers a wide range of topics in machine learning , including support vector machines and data mining .	Pres
As a voice actor , his most prominent role was lending his colourful , peppy voice to Timon from The Lion King .	Pres
Charles and Joseph Raymond Houses consists of two historic homes located at Middletown , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania .	Pres
Award winners spend three months in residence in France , focusing on a particular aspect of French architecture they have chosen to research .	Pres
They spend much of their sabbatical traveling , sketching and measuring , and in the course of three months , produce three large renderings .	Pres
Peter replied , " Why is it that Satan has so filled your heart that you have lied to the Holy Spirit ? "	Past
Everyone who heard about the incident feared the Lord .	Past
The fourth-century archbishop John Chrysostom alludes to and then dismisses the idea that Peter could be held responsible for the couple 's death .	Pres
Darrell Bock concludes that the episode emphasises the seriousness of sin , as well as the graciousness of God who often defers judgment .	Pres
Marc Pernot , Calvinist pastor at L 'Oratoire du Louvre , sees the story as a critique of the shortcomings of Peter and the early Church .	Pres
… Jesus never instituted a system requiring people to liquidate all their capital ...	Past
These sentiments were echoed by Simon Whitlock who practiced with Hubbard before the 2012 Grand Slam of Darts .	Past
It primarily prepares pupils for the Secondary School Certificate ( S.S.C ) Examination .	Pres
Bader , S.J. , then the Parish Priest of St. Ignatius Church , Kirkee , looked after the parish school from 1935-1949 .	Past
The school is affiliated to the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education .	Past
The school focuses in hockey and often competes in Inter-School Hockey Tournaments ; seniors , juniors , sub-junior section titles have been won by the school .	Pres
The school shares this tradition with some other schools of Khadki area , and has won many laurels .	Pres
Located near the house is a vaulted cellar built of rubble stone .	Past
Expo chief architect Édouard Fiset had initially insisted the Canadian Pavilion be much smaller , confined to a single acre .	Past
The tree was accessed via a spiral staircase .	Past
In the Himalaya , the Indian continental plate is crashing into the Eurasian continental plate with nearly north-south motion .	Pres
The formation of a river anticline by isostatic rebound is illustrated in the figure to the right in idealized steps .	Past
The crust rebounds up specifically along the river , while the rest of the area remains relatively constant .	Pres
With no overlying rock , the underlying material rebounds up , like removing a weight from a raft .	Pres
Localized deep valleys create weakest areas that focus strain and thereby the movement of deep ductile material .	Past
Continued convergent plate movement focuses the flow of material into the syntaxial areas with the localized weakness permitting upward escape as an accommodation mechanism .	Past
This process solves the fundamental problem of material being forced into a confined space by creating an outlet .	Pres
Many researchers conclude the tectonic aneurysm model is the best explanation of the observed structures and tectonic arrangement of the region .	Pres
The exhumation occurs in a circular area with young , high-grade decompression melts focused in the center .	Pres
Around the outside of the focus rubidium to strontium ratios suggest melting with fluid present .	Pres
The erosion and exhumation are now concentrated on the southern portion of the mountain range which produces young cooling ages associated with the current tectonic aneurysm center .	Past
Rates of exhumation were inferred by calculating the difference between detrital zircon and apatite ages in sediments .	Past
The presence of a definitive tectonic aneurysm system in the region is widely disputed with many researchers concluding insufficient focused exhumation is occurring to support the hypothesis .	Past
Significant glacial cover limits the number of field samples and geological observations that can be made directly on the surface thereby adding uncertainty to interpretations .	Pres
Alternative theories argue tectonic transpressional control of exhumation with little erosive influence on the overall system .	Pres
Younger ages are explained by focused strain areas resulting from faulting .	Past
Uranium-thorium and uranium-helium cooling ages of samples of apatite indicate the timing of 70 ° C cooling .	Pres
Sample ages from minerals with higher cooling temperatures signify exhumation of deeper material which is the modeled function of a tectonic aneurysm .	Pres
The home kit was only worn this season , and re-introduced blue socks in favour of white for the first time since 1967 – 68 .	Past
The by-election in the Christchurch South electorate was contested by Robert Macfarlane for Labour and Melville Lyons for National , with Macfarlane winning the election .	Past
His son , Hugo , inherited the Bregenz lands around Lake Constance , including Sargans .	Past
In the Battle of Näfels in 1388 , the count commanded a wing of the Austrian army that was supposed to cross the Kerenzerberg Pass .	Past
However , when he saw the threatened destruction of the main Austrian army , he fled back over the pass .	Past
She co-authored " Rituales Para El Amor , La Belleza y La Prosperidad " ( 1998 ) , with Pita Ojeda .	Past
In 1958 , he was drafted as an outfielder by the Red Sox and his contract later sold to the San Francisco Giants .	Past
He also coached baseball at Mission Bay High .	Past
In 1982 , he coached Sam Horn , the No .	Past
The same year , Mark McLemore , who Mendoza also coached , was drafted by the California Angels in the 9th round amateur draft .	Past
In November 2011 , Mendoza was inducted into San Diego Hall of Champions ’ Breitbard Hall of Fame as a Coaching Legend .	Past
One week before the opening round of the season , the SRO revised the calendar further .	Past
The date of the Russian round of the championship was also altered , moving the race back two weeks later than its original date .	Past
On 1 July the series ' two Chinese events were also cancelled .	Past
FIA GT3 graduate Grégoire Demoustier joins the squad , partnered with McLaren Automotive test driver Álvaro Parente .	Pres
2011 FIA GT3 Drivers ' Champion Francesco Castellacci helms the second Ferrari , joined by fellow FIA GT3 competitor Enzo Ide .	Pres
Valmon Racing Team Russia brings Russian involvement in the series for the first time with two drivers , Sergey Afanasyev and Alexey Vasilyev .	Pres
Andreas Zuber brings two years of FIA GT1 experience to the car shared with Afanasyev .	Pres
The team re-arranged their driver line-ups , entering Pavlović and Cressoni in the race whilst sidelining Soucek and Moncini until the second car was ready .	Past
In 1994 , the company stocks were quoted on the Ljubljana Stock Exchange .	Past
Shortly after moving back to Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex for college at TCU , Derek co-founded American rock band 60 Foot Sammy in 1999 .	Past
Their single , " Do I , " garnered airplay on BBC Radio and developed a worldwide cult following .	Past
The monument was inaugurated by the Prussian field marshal , Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke ( 1800 – 1891 ) .	Past
In November 2011 market capitalization had sunk to C $ 54.2 million .	Past
Ore would be extracted by a contractor using conventional open pit selective exploitation , with multiple pits and multiple cut-back to ensure a steady supply of ore .	Past
The company pledged to align social development programs the local areas of need the Ministry identified .	Past
Following the acquisition , GRS consolidated manufacturing operations at its facilities in Rochester , New York , and vacated the Albany works .	Past
He was knighted on 7 November 1608 .	Past
In addition to bombing South Sudanese infrastructure and camps , Sudan has also allegedly backed armed opposition factions within South Sudan , Juba claims .	Past
Today he is managing director and head of the sports committee in Molde FK .	Pres
They constitute a transitional Middle Woodland - Late Woodland mound and associated village , that dates from the Early Archaic period ( c . 6,900 B.C. )	Pres
The mound was excavated in May and June 1929 .	Past
Dorsey and McKelvey reconnected to found Square .	Past
In 2011 , McKelvey 's iconic card reader design was inducted into the Museum of Modern Art .	Past
In 2012 , McKelvey teamed with St. Louis-based serial entrepreneurs Brian Matthews , Clifford Holekamp , Peter Esparrago and Rick Holton to found Cultivation Capital .	Past
This venture enables people in India to pay for goods and services and transfer money to other persons via their mobile phones .	Pres
McKelvey donated $ 15M to the Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science to build a new computer science and engineering building named after his father .	Past
Lewis relocated to Sydney for filming and he cut his long hair for the character .	Past
He then dated Nicole Franklin ( Tessa James ) and lost his virginity to her , while they were stranded on an island .	Past
Geoff also dated Claudia Hammond ( Alexandra Park ) and was led to believe that he was the father of her baby .	Past
The actor had previously auditioned for a role on the show for two years , before finally impressing the producers .	Past
Then in 2007 , Lewis auditioned for Drew Curtis and made it to the final two – only for Bobby Morley to be given the role .	Past
Lewis relocated to Sydney , where " Home and Away " is shot , and he had to cut his long hair short for the part .	Past
Lewis commented that while he was not as " diehard religious " as Geoff , he did believe .	Past
Aden disliked Geoff at first due to the fact that Geoff was more talented at football and to Aden , represented " the hypocrisy of society . "	Past
The two eventually matured and became friends .	Past
When they clashed over how to repair the trawler , Geoff lashed out and punches were thrown .	Past
Lewis loved the constant feud between his and Lasance 's characters .	Past
But every time he sees Melody now , she 's stand-offish . "	Pres
Having seen them both together , Melody jumped to the wrong conclusion .	Past
Nicole was frustrated that Geoff was not falling for her , so she set out to sabotage his relationship with Melody instead .	Past
Lewis commented that Geoff and Nicole were very similar in some of their traits , as they were both stubborn and opinionated .	Past
Geoff and Nicole were dumped at sea together by Elliot Gillen ( Paul Pantano ) when he sought revenge against Nicole 's father .	Past
The couple washed up on a deserted island , where Geoff nursed his injuries from a fight with Elliot .	Past
Neither of them knew where they were and were forced to survive without food , clothing and shelter .	Past
James quipped " She 's really offended – it 's as though Geoff 's ashamed of what happened between them . "	Past
He cares about Nicole more than anyone else in the world and would risk everything to save her . "	Pres
Geoff was devastated when he overheard Nicole " dissing " the gift and he broke up with her .	Past
Lewis explained " They accidentally knock over a barrel which has a fire burning inside it , and a caravan goes up in flames .	Past
As the fire continued to engulf the caravan , Geoff realised that Claudia was succumbing to smoke inhalation .	Past
When Lachie realised who Geoff was , he punched him in the stomach and warned him to stay away from his girlfriend .	Past
Lewis explained " His sister , Annie , is disappointed , as Geoff 's gone against what they were taught . "	Past
She also enjoyed working with Lewis and believed that they had a good chemistry together .	Past
He soon realises it doesn 't help one little bit , but you 'll have to watch to see exactly how everything happens ! "	Pres
He later commented that fans could expect " a perfect exit " for his character , which would stay true to him .	Past
Geoff departed Summer Bay to " follow his dream " of becoming a missionary .	Past
Bruce sends Geoff and Annie to school when their parents will is found and they learn money was set aside for their education .	Pres
Geoff joins the local rugby league football team , where he clashes with both Lucas and Aden Jefferies , who believe Tony favours him .	Pres
Aden spikes Geoff 's drink and puts him in the boot of Tony 's car .	Pres
Geoff is rescued the next day and Bruce forces him to leave the team .	Past
Bruce kicks Geoff out when he learns that he poisoned the sheep .	Pres
Geoff moves in with Tony and he rescues Annie , who goes to stay with Irene Roberts .	Pres
Eventually the siblings are reconciled with Bruce , who even comes to watch Geoff 's football match .	Past
Bruce later collapses and dies .	Pres
Geoff develops a crush on a fellow student , but when he asks her to a bible class , she turns him down .	Pres
Geoff then asks Melody Jones out and they begin dating .	Pres
He joins the couple on a dive boat and is suspicious when Nicole does not surface following a dive .	Pres
Geoff and Nicole are washed up on an island and they have sex together , before they were rescued .	Past
Geoff feels guilty for having sex before marriage and proposes to Nicole , who turns him down .	Pres
Geoff rescues Claudia and at the hospital he is punched by her on-off boyfriend , Lachie .	Pres
Claudia discovers she is pregnant and tells Geoff that he is the father .	Pres
However , she later admits that Lachie is the father and leaves town .	Pres
Aden asks Geoff to throw a football game , but Geoff refuses .	Pres
Geoff is saddened when his friend , Belle Taylor , dies and he skip town with Ruby Buckton .	Past
Geoff develops feelings for Ruby and they begin dating .	Pres
When a race riot breaks out , Geoff helps save people and fights the fires .	Pres
The writer also opined that " Hunky Geoff is loved by the ladies " .	Past
Because the SO2 and a Research Module were cancelled due to lack of funds , this module was also cancelled .	Past
Later it was also cancelled and that port was allocated to the Docking Cargo Module .	Past
He was knighted at Newmarket on 25 March 1608 .	Past
The defendant appealed and the plaintiff cross-appealed against the valuation placed on the property .	Past
In 1965 , they exhibited at the furniture fair in Fredericia where the German furniture manufacturer Alfred Kill noticed their work .	Past
They travelled to Stuttgart with their first designs for production in Kill 's factory in nearby Fellbach .	Past
On October 5 , 1973 , Mongiovi , accompanied by his also-disabled friend Thomas McDonald , was first exposed to the world of wheelchair sports .	Past
After borrowing a wheelchair from another friend , the two traveled to Montclair and had their first experience of wheelchair sports .	Past
These missing details were , however , deposited at the Royal Society and were published in 1741 after his death by Cromwell Mortimer .	Past
It is shaped like a distended " E , " with an open court in the front center and sun porches on three sides .	Past
( It is not to be confused with taishi , which was always given to non-royal blood nobles . )	Past
Blandtown thrived until the early 1950s .	Past
But in 1956 the city had rezoned the area from residential to heavy industrial .	Past
He recalled that in his youth the neighborhood was filled with the smell of the abbatoir and fertilizer plant at the north end of English Street .	Past
Building was resumed in 2015 , and by 2017 an entire new village was being built of houses marketed at over $ 500,000 .	Past
Dishes from French cuisine have grown very popular in Mauritius .	Past
Mauritian families often consider a dinner at an Asian restaurant as a treat .	Pres
Even then , the propensity of making rum out of sugarcane was strongly recognised .	Past
Sugarcane was mainly cultivated for the production of " arrack " , a precursor to rum .	Past
Dodos were descendent of a type of pigeon which settled in Mauritius over 4 million years ago .	Past
Rats , pigs and monkeys ate dodo eggs in the ground nests .	Pres
The group flew out of Berlin on different flights by aircraft of the " Fliegerstaffel des Führers " over the following three days .	Past
Baur pleaded with Hitler to leave Berlin .	Past
The men volunteered to fly Hitler out of Germany in a Ju 390 and to safety .	Past
The Enclosure , whose construction was originally funded by Milton S. Hershey , was refurbished in 1999 .	Past
His electrifying performance drew their attention , so , they invited him to rehearse with them .	Past
It was inactivated on 2 August 1991 .	Past
Activated on 15 October 1943 at Grand Central Air Terminal , near Long Beach , California .	Past
Equipped with the Lockheed P-38F Lightning , trained for combat and served as an air defense organization for the west coast as part of IV Fighter Command .	Past
The squadron was reassigned to RAF Wattisham , England , April – May 1944 , and assigned to VIII Fighter Command , Eighth Air Force .	Past
Engaged primarily in B-17 / B-24 escort activities and fighter sweeps until the Normandy invasion in June 1944 .	Past
Returned to Camp Kilmer New Jersey in November 1945 , and was inactivated on December 1945 .	Past
On 1 December 1952 the unit was reactivated at George AFB , California .	Past
Beginning in October 1958 , was reequipped with the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter .	Past
However the F-104 was not really well-suited to USAF needs , being deficient in range , endurance , and offensive capability .	Past
In addition , it lacked true all-weather capability .	Past
Deployed to Kung Kuan Air Base , Taiwan .	Past
As the MiG threat abated , the 436th TFS was tasked with some weather reconnaissance and ground attack missions .	Past
The pilot was rescued with minor injuries .	Past
He ejected and was taken prisoner .	Past
Both pilots ejected and were recovered unharmed .	Past
After these four losses , the remnants of the 436th were rotated back to George in November 1965 .	Past
Was reassigned to the provisional 4531st Tactical Fighter WinG at Homestead AFB , Florida in 1968 .	Past
Squadron flew air defense missions over south Florida until October 1970 with assets of 560th TFW assigned to squadron until 31 October 1970 and inactivated .	Past
inactivated on 15 November 1991 , with the training mission and aircraft being consolidated under the 586th Flight Training Squadron .	Past
" Hundred Thousand Martyrs of Tbilisi	Past
The Georgian church commemorates them on 13 November ( O.S .	Pres
Next year , Jalal ad-Din marched on to Tbilisi , forcing Queen Rusudan of Georgia and her court into flight .	Past
The victorious Khwarezmid soldiers sacked Tbilisi and massacred its Christian population .	Past
Those who refused to profane the icons and apostatize to Islam were beheaded .	Past
The medieval Georgian chronicler puts the number of those killed at ათნი ბევრნი ( " at 'ni bevrni " ) .	Pres
The first part of this numeral , " at 'ni " , denotes " ten " .	Pres
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	Past
Boone 's ironing board was designed to improve the quality of ironing sleeves and the bodies of women 's garments .	Pres
The college is affiliated with the United Methodist Church .	Past
Her self-produced album , released in 2011 , is titled " The Day Before Heaven " .	Past
First bred in Hotot-en-Auge , Normandy , France in the early 1900s , the breed spread throughout Europe and into North America by the 1920s .	Past
She bred for the desired white and black coloration on a rabbit suitable for both meat and fur production .	Past
In 1921 and 1922 , they were first exported to the United States , although the breed was not popular in that country and died out .	Past
In the US , Blanc de Hotots have been crossed with White Beverens , White New Zealands and White Satins to increase the available gene pool .	Past
In Britain , the Blanc de Hotot is grouped with other rare rabbit breeds in the Rare Varieties Club .	Past
This breed is currently recognised by the British Rabbit Council ( BRC ) , by whom it is designated as rare .	Past
This breed is not currently recognised by the American Rabbit Breeders Association .	Past
Cem Kaner coined the phrase scenario test by October 2003 .	Past
He commented that one of the most difficult aspects of testing was maintaining step-by-step test cases along with their expected results .	Past
Like television soap operas these tests were both exaggerated in activity and condensed in time .	Past
It traces its lineage to the 14th century when Lichfield Cathedral made provisions to educate its choristers .	Pres
The school in its current form now educates over 400 boys and girls from nursery to sixth form .	Pres
Choristers were housed and educated at Dam Street , just outside the Cathedral Close .	Past
By 1988 , the pre-prep had outgrown St Mary 's and moved to its own premises .	Past
The school was commended by the Fire Services for their prompt action and coordination of the evacuation .	Past
This rabbit has chestnut brown fur .	Past
Ears bluish on their inner side and edged with a black border . "	Pres
He was knighted in July 1603 .	Past
She competes with the club Hapoel Tel Aviv .	Pres
• Directed by Salah Karam	Past
The broken obelisk of Aššur-bêl-kala relates that the Assyrians raided Babylonia , early in his reign :	Pres
The " Babylonian Theodicy " was attributed to the scholar Šaggil-kīnam-ubbib and believed to have been composed during his reign according to a later literary catalogue .	Past
In the introduction he warned , “ Do not neglect your knowledge !	Past
The ramp leading up to the temple of Nin-ezena in Isin bears his inscriptions recording his repairs .	Pres
In Larsa , he repaired the Ebabbar temple and in Kiš he reconstructed the Emete ’ ursag for Zababa .	Past
Der Spiegel commented ( in German ) " " Strip Clubs ?	Past
This timing reveals the " difference " in distance from the receiver to the two stations .	Pres
Plotting all of the potential locations of the receiver for the measured delay produces a series of hyperbolic lines on a chart .	Pres
Taking two such measurements and looking for the intersections of the hyperbolic lines reveals the receiver 's location to be in one of two locations .	Pres
Both stations are equipped with identical transmitters set to broadcast a short pulse at a specific frequency .	Past
The UK , in particular , had invested considerable effort in the development of their Chain Home system .	Past
Return signals were amplified and sent into the ' scope display , producing a " blip " .	Past
In this case , the portable receiver triggered its trace when it received the master signal .	Past
A single measurement reveals a range of possible locations , not a single fix .	Pres
Finally the speed of the trace across the display would be tuned so the D pulse was just visible on the right .	Past
The resulting delays could then be looked up on a navigational chart .	Past
During this time he demanded that an airborne version of the receivers be made , and should be interchangeable with Gee .	Past
The accuracy was quoted as 1 % of range .	Past
Additionally , the originally steady repetition of the pulses was later modified to create another eight unique patterns , allowing a total of 96 station pairs .	Past
Whereas Gee fixed you to one of two locations , Decca fixed you to one of hundreds .	Past
Decca solved this problem though the use of an odometer-like display known as " decometers " .	Past
Maximum accuracy was normally quoted as 200 yards , although that was subject to operational errors .	Past
A PLL produces a steady output signal with the same frequency and phase as an input signal , even if that input is periodic or poorly received .	Pres
In real-world use , the Coast Guard quoted absolute accuracy of 0.25 nautical miles , or better .	Past
He imagined a system specifically for medium-accuracy global navigation , and thus selected the extremely low frequency of 10 kHz as the basis for the signal .	Past
The US Navy authorized full deployment in 1968 , reaching a complete set of 8 stations in 1983 .	Past
In order to maintain precise timing of the slots for stations distributed around the world , stations were equipped with synchronized atomic clocks .	Past
At any given instant , three stations would be broadcasting at the same time on different frequencies .	Pres
It differs primarily in details of the pulse envelopes .	Pres
Item ( 1 ) necessitates that the satellite coordinates be known as a function of time ( included in the broadcast messages ) .	Pres
Item ( 2 ) enables satnav systems to provide timing as well as position information , but requires a more complex solution algorithm .	Pres
Both aircraft crashed into the lake , killing all 13 people on board .	Past
At 10 : 36 : 11 a.m. CDT , the air traffic controller at Oshkosh cleared Flight 290 to land .	Past
The flight departed Sheboygan 13 minutes late , at 10 : 23 a.m. CDT , bound for Appleton , operating under VFR .	Past
A mid-air explosion and fire ensued , and both aircraft crashed into the lake .	Past
After graduation , he enrolled in the master 's degree program at the UCLA Film School , becoming one of the first African Americans to study there .	Past
In 1963 , Whitfield co-founded with actor Frank Silvera the American Theatre of Being in Los Angeles .	Past
Although his tenure at UCLA Film School pre-dates the period generally associated with the L.A .	Pres
Whitfield also acted in Haile Gerima 's film " Ashes and Embers " .	Past
Two games before the end of the season , his team secured one more season in the Premier League .	Past
Charles stepped into the starting lineup after Spartans sophomore Jay Vincent injured his foot and started for most of the NCAA tournament .	Past
For the season , Charles averaged 8.9 rebounds per game .	Past
Following his college career , Charles was drafted by the Chicago Bulls in the 1980 NBA Draft ( 4th round , 74th pick ) .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 202 athletes from about 8 countries :	Pres
He coordinated press activities while Lance moved to President Carter ’ s cabinet as Director of the Office of Management and Budget .	Past
It was understood that the airing would help record companies show viewers popular records in order to increase album sales .	Past
, NewsRx publishes 194 newsweeklies on topics including education , finance , aerospace and science .	Pres
In 1984 , Henderson was co-executive producer of " Halloween Thriller " , taped in Hollywood and Atlanta .	Past
The cyber attack was halted when the company ’ s IP service identified the source and blocked it .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 179 athletes from about 7 countries :	Pres
After an earlier career as a Registrar with the London County Freehold and Leasehold Properties Ltd he was ordained in 1943 .	Past
Dedicated to the Christian saint Saint Oswald , it is over 900 years old and administered by the Church of England .	Past
The church was re-consecrated in 1287 by the bishop of Candida Casa under the direction of John le Romeyn , Archbishop of York .	Past
All of these factors mean the Red Maasai is suited to meat production instead of fiber .	Pres
Red Maasai sheep are renowned for their resistance to parasite like Haemonchus contortus .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 113 athletes from about 5 countries :	Pres
It was edited by P. J. O 'Rourke and Doug Kenney and art-directed by David Kaestle .	Past
According to apparent inscriptions , the book belonged to " Larry Kroger " , class of ' 64 .	Past
The two teams had gone through several periods of prolonged success ( and several notable droughts ) leading up to the World Series .	Past
After several down years , the Cardinals emerged as a pennant contender in the early 1980s , winning the 1982 World Series .	Past
Orta was later thrown out at third on a botched sacrifice attempt and did not score .	Past
This turn has been driven by generally increased levels of mobility and new forms of mobility where bodies combine with information and different patterns of mobility .	Past
Mobilities emerged as a critique of contradictory orientations toward both sedentarism and deterritorialisation in social science .	Past
Mobilities looks at movements and the forces that drive , constrain and are produced by those movements .	Pres
Several typologies have been formulated to clarify the wide variety of mobilities .	Past
Historian James Clifford ( 1997 ) advocated for a shift from deep analysis of particular places to the routes connecting them .	Past
Feminist scholar Caren Kaplan ( 1996 ) explored questions about the gendering of metaphors of travel in social and cultural theory .	Past
Any mediated and consumed event not only destroys the previous states of conflicts and cleavages , but provides a one-sided ideological message to visitors .	Pres
P. Vannini ( 2012 ) opted to see mobility as a projection of existent cultural values , expectances and structures that denotes styles of life .	Past
Vannini explains convincingly that on Canada 's coast , the values of islanders defy the hierarchal order in populated cities from many perspectives .	Pres
Islanders prioritize the social cohesion and trust of their communities before the alienation of mega-cities .	Pres
Although the tourism industry is adopted in these communities as a form of activity , many locals have historically migrated from urban populated cities .	Past
Automobile , rail or air transport systems involve complex transport networks that affect society and are affected by society .	Pres
A fifth body of theory incorporates how topologies of social networks relate to how complex patterns form and change .	Pres
An unofficial count yields the number of about 136 athletes from about 7 countries :	Pres
He too was groomed at Tenerife .	Past
Originally from Connecticut , she now resides in Los Angeles .	Pres
She owns and runs a company called New Order .	Pres
The magazine revolutionized how military spouses are perceived in the national public eye and how they are treated by government offices and members of Congress .	Past
plant burrows under the soil ) germination , are green leathery berries or achenes .	Pres
The amount of mature Clupeocharax schoutedeni has been slowly declining , and this has allowed this species to be recorded as vulnerable to becoming an endangered species .	Pres
Bentley remade the novel as a sound film " The Old Curiosity Shop " in 1934 .	Pres
An unofficial count yields the number of about 205 athletes from about 9 countries :	Pres
They were relegated at the end of the 2012 – 13 season after placing 14th of 15 teams .	Past
An unofficial count yields the number of about 190 athletes from about 9 countries :	Pres
Chime.in lets users share content with others through a number of different mediums .	Pres
Tudor still resides in both British Columbia and Alaska .	Pres
It is bounded in the south by the River Jhelum and on the north by the Salt Range .	Past
He is coached by Israeli Olympian Guy Starik .	Past
The shell grows to a length of 2 mm .	Pres
The shell grows to a length of 2.2 mm .	Pres
The five whorls of the teleoconch are inflated , weakly contracted at the sutures , appressed at the summits .	Past
The sutures are well impressed .	Past
The periphery and the base of the body whorl are well inflated .	Past
The ovate , milk-white shell lacks axial or spiral sculpture excepting microscopic growth lines .	Pres
The sutures are well impressed .	Past
The sutures are well impressed .	Past
The periphery of the body whorl and base is well rounded , marked by the strong continuation of the axial ribs and about five incised spiral lines .	Past
It is hoped that iteration 2.0 will be an improvement over current designs .	Past
The small whorls of the protoconch are almost completely immersed in the first of the succeeding volutions .	Past
The five whorls of the teleoconch are inflated and increase rapidly in size .	Past
They are subtabulately shouldered at the summit , marked by numerous fine lines of growth and equally abundant , loosely placed , wavy spiral striations .	Past
The periphery and base of the body whorl are decidedly rounded and inflated , marked like the space between the sutures .	Past
The shell grows to a length of 1.5 mm	Pres
Executed in 1622 , the work depicts François de Sourdis .	Past
It arises by oxidizing sulfur with copper oxide :	Pres
It also arises via thermal decomposition of sulfur dioxide in a glow discharge .	Pres
Condensed solid SO displays absorption bands at 420 and 530 nm .	Past
It reacts with diazoalkanes to form dithiirane 1-oxides .	Pres
The molybdenum compound Mo ( CO ) ( SCNEt ) reacts with elemental sulfur and air to form a compound Mo ( SO ) ( SCNEt ) .	Pres
It grows on dry , rocky slopes at in elevation , in the Panamint Range , Grapevine Mountains , and Cottonwood Mountains surrounding Death Valley .	Pres
It produces a rounded , woolly brown fruit with usually four chambers .	Pres
This site is being revamped and updated .	Past
Tranquilli , a half forward , was picked up by Collingwood in the 1993 Pre-Season Draft with the 68th selection .	Past
This cemented his place in the side for the rest of the season , which ended with participation in a qualifying final .	Past
The inflorescence bears two to five flower heads which are each enveloped in five thick phyllaries coated in white woolly hairs .	Pres
He currently resides in Berlin , Germany .	Pres
Lee also co-founded Musicus Society in 2010 , a charitable organization based in Hong Kong with the mission of promoting cross cultural collaboration through music .	Past
The family were Philadelphia Quakers descended from Richard Wood who sailed from Bristol with William Penn .	Past
After the Civil War , Wood supplemented his income by teaching privately at the medical school .	Past
This mosque was then re-built in 1990 by Ave Mohamed Yusuf 's son , Ave Abdul Hameed with his own funds without any donations from the public .	Past
This mosque still retains the name Mohaideen Andawar Mosque or Mohaideen Andawar Jamea Masjid .	Pres
" We 've approached this album slightly differently from the last .	Past
The cover also bears a striking resemblance to Tokyo , Japan , with every smaller ' mini-city ' filled with a different color .	Pres
Prats i Sansor is a municipality in the comarca of Cerdanya , province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .	Pres
Subsequent releases were on the Red Flame sub-label Ink , starting with the " Dreams of Leaving " 12-inch single .	Past
" Who Is That " 是誰 ( shì shuí )	Pres
Each episode depicts a high-ranking executive or business owner acting as an entry-level employee to discover the problems in their company .	Pres
On 15 November 2010 , Network Ten renewed the show for a second series .	Past
The boss is exposed to a series of predicaments with amusing results .	Past
They invariably spend time getting to know the people who work in the company , learning about their professional and personal challenges .	Pres
The boss reveals their identity and rewards hard-working employees through campaign , promotion or financial rewards .	Pres
Written documents and of Kalyal Dynasty and Chandannath are not preserved .	Past
Popjustice even commented , praising it on the middle eight segment ; " It is a little bit bonkers and quite a lot amazing . "	Past
On 2 October , the following month , Vickers unveiled the video for the single , and it premiered on ITV2 at 6 : 55 PM .	Past
It opens with the line ' hush hush stay quiet , your secret 's safe with me ' .	Pres
The " My Wicked Heart " music video premiered on ITV2 at 6.55 PM on 2 October 2010 .	Past
Throughout the music video , Vickers was spotted wearing a number of different outfits .	Past
However , Vickers defended this decision stating it is only a " tiny snippet with different chords " .	Past
Vickers embarked on a radio tour of the UK leading up to the release of the single .	Past
Eugène , who was the Viceroy of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy inflicted a defeat on Hiller 's troops , driving them from Caldiero .	Past
Ultimately , the Austrians compelled the Franco-Italian army to retreat to the Adige River .	Past
The viceroy pushed back the northern force , then rushed back to attack Paul von Radivojevich 's Austrians at Caldiero .	Past
On the 15th , his divisions under François Jean Baptiste Quesnel and Marie François Rouyer drove the Austrians back to Soave .	Past
It was premièred as the Stephen Joseph Theatre 's 1998 Christmas production to mark the 1999 National Year of Reading .	Past
The English Touring Theatre mounted a production of the book in 2002 .	Past
The sarcocysts measure 15 to 17 by 13 to 15 micrometres in diameter .	Pres
It belongs to a small archipelago of 12 islands , all in relative proximity to each other and to the main land .	Pres
A fishing community inhabits the island , with people of Khmer , Chinese , Thai and Vietnamese descent .	Pres
Roughly 70 % of the working population are fishermen with most of the rest being farmers or small-time businessmen .	Past
Because there was no fresh water , the king searched everywhere to find some .	Past
He enjoyed considerable success , relieving the colony of any further threats .	Past
He often spoke affectionately about his years in America and was active on the committee for the Danish-American Mission .	Past
He has raced in such series as Le Mans Series , V8Star Series and the FIA GT Championship .	Past
Anna accompanies her sister to a photo-shoot , where her older sister Mirka is photographed nude by Rocco , for an escort services website .	Pres
Rocco persuades Mirka to change her name into a more professional one and she chooses ' Blanca ' .	Pres
Michael pretends to not know her and leaves .	Pres
He opens the computer and watches a video she made for him ; it turns out the woman who took pictures of Rose earlier is his girlfriend .	Pres
Meanwhile , at Rose 's house , we learn that she is married to Michael Daly , who had planned the liaison in Vienna .	Pres
Rose exclaims that she has never been to Berlin and would love to go .	Pres
They are both stranded in Denver due to bad weather .	Past
Meanwhile , Tyler speaks on the phone with the social worker about his stressful situation outside and how he could not control himself from his attraction .	Pres
He and Laura bump into each other when Laura inadvertently sits at his table in a restaurant at the airport .	Pres
Instead Tyler controls himself and rebuffs her , locking himself in the bathroom .	Pres
They both tell how it was a pleasure meeting one another .	Pres
Laura hugs John in a daughterly manner , which affects him .	Pres
She speaks about her husband , Sergei , who is too consumed with his job working for a crooked Russian businessman , to love her anymore .	Pres
He drives away towards Vienna while Valentina prepares herself to look attractive , then goes to work in a dental clinic .	Pres
He then talks to her privately and , without telling her why , he suggests it would be better if she looked for another job .	Pres
Sergei fetches his boss from the airport and is treated harshly by him .	Pres
His boss reprimands him when he learns he is learning English and states that it 's irrelevant .	Pres
Mirka and Anna are also riding a bus going to Vienna for another client of Mirka .	Pres
Sergei stops Mirka on the street in front of the hotel and tells her she is here for his boss .	Pres
He searches her and then tells her to go to the boss ' hotel room .	Pres
When it starts to rain he lets her into his boss 's car .	Pres
Anna then persuades the ill-treated Sergei to drive around the city .	Pres
Back at the hotel , Mirka lets the boss know his time is up .	Pres
Realizing she is involved in robbing him , he knocks Mirka unconscious and calls Sergei .	Pres
The boss opens the door and a fight ensues .	Pres
In voiceover , you hear Anna reading a goodbye letter to her sister using the same phrasing as at the beginning of the film .	Pres
As the couple walk away , the associate then notices a very attractive woman walk by and go into a building .	Pres
The ' back to front houses ' , off Lumb Lane , were also demolished at this time , amongst other buildings .	Past
He has raced in such series as Superstars Series , where he has been a two-time runner-up , and was International Superstars Series champion in 2008 .	Past
In 2015 , the club has pulled from the league for financial reasons .	Past
Israeli Premier League teams playing in the 2010 – 11 Israeli Premier League season are indicated in bold .	Past
It has been deemed to be good by Ofsted in 2011 and again in 2016 .	Past
The AATT manages the Piarco International Airport and the Arthur Napoleon Raymond Robinson International Airport ( formerly Crown Point Airport ) .	Pres
While looking for them he discovers a strange shack where an older man and his daughter live .	Pres
This strange pair seem to have plans for him , but it is unclear what those plans might entail .	Pres
Located south-east of Kilkenny , about six miles south of Thomastown near Knocktopher .	Past
The County of Metz originated from the frankish Metzgau .	Past
In recent years , the inn has gotten a lot of media attention , especially due to paranormal activity .	Past
The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .	Past
The charges for Skjúts varied , with official being the cheapest and private the most expensive .	Past
A similar situation arose in 1940 – 41 .	Past
A shortage of Danish stamps was again resolved by the Post Office in Tórshavn overprinting the required number of stamps with a 20-øre surcharge .	Past
At that time the Faroese postal system was organised so that it had a post office ( Tórshavn Post Office ) managed by a postmaster .	Past
The department organises all production , issuance and sales of postage stamps .	Pres
The Faroe Islands postal service was restructured as a limited liability company on 1 January 2005 .	Past
The post-demographic method strives to think through what the profilers would do , and builds upon it .	Pres
Matt Nable rose through the junior ranks at the Manly-Warringah club and made five appearances for the Graham Lowe-coached team over 1991 and 1992 .	Past
Following this he wouldn 't appear in the premiership until 1995 when he played three games for the South Sydney Rabbitohs .	Pres
Nable portrayed the character in ten episodes of the third season .	Past
He reprised his role in " Legends of Tomorrow " .	Past
He ascended Brindavana at Mantralayam in present-day Andhra Pradesh in 1671 .	Past
At the 1901 General Conference Session , Ellen White criticized the Holy Flesh teachings as " error " on April 17 stating :	Past
" The Holy Spirit never reveals Itself in such methods , in such a bedlam of noise .	Pres
The powers of satanic agencies blend with the din and noise , to have a carnival , and this is termed the Holy Spirit 's working .	Pres
She sang the song " " Mari-Dari " " at Junior Eurovision on 20 November 2010 and finished fourth .	Past
A commercial success , " Nahaufnahme " was certified platinum in Austria .	Past
He was dismissed on 24 April 2017 , two matches prior to the end of the competition , due to poor results and imminent relegation .	Past
De Rastel de Rocheblave had been discussing trade on the Missouri River with American authorities .	Pres
" Updated to games played as of 16 December 2018 . "	Past
In 2017 James anchored news bulletins for Israeli global-broadcaster , i24News from Tel Aviv	Past
Rather , specific kinds of abortion are prohibited , for various social and political reasons .	Past
At times , extreme poverty may have driven some to cannibalism .	Past
Therefore , social control of childbirth , essential to the preservation of the social order , could only effectively be exercised after quickening .	Past
Believers in transmigration of souls had varying opinions .	Pres
Opinion in the Islamic world differed as to whether the soul was " blown into " the fetus at 40 days or 120 .	Past
It is often cited as evidence of abortion attitudes in ancient Greece .	Past
The clause referencing abortion has been questioned on a number of grounds .	Past
The value of a human being varied according to rank and social circumstances .	Past
The Talmud deems the fetus to be part of its mother and has no " juridical personality " .	Pres
In Buddhism , the oldest Theraveda texts condemn abortion but do not prohibit or prescribe penance .	Pres
This viewpoint , later known as traducianism , was deemed unsatisfactory by St. Augustine , as it did not account for original sin .	Past
Basing himself on the Septuagint version of , he deemed abortion , while deplorable , to be less than murder .	Past
He also affirmed the Aristotelian view of delayed hominization .	Past
A century later , St. Thomas Aquinas upheld delayed hominization : " seed and what is not seed is determined by sensation and movement . "	Past
Historian Jeffrey H. Reiman writes : " The earliest laws of relevance to abortion were not concerns with the voluntary termination of pregnancy by the pregnant woman .	Pres
Hostility towards feminists , immigrants , and Catholics fueled the medical campaign against abortion and the passage of abortion laws by state legislatures .	Past
The following are areas of multimedia technologies that the project strongly supports :	Pres
His work hung in many public buildings including the Worcester County Courthouse and Mechanics Hall . "	Past
Strobe lights consist of a tube containing an inert gas , such as xenon .	Pres
Once the main storage capacitor has finished charging , a smaller capacitor is discharged into the trigger transformers primary coil .	Past
A large magnetic pulse is generated inside the transformer , which is coupled to the secondary coil through the core .	Past
By this point , the main storage capacitor is recharging and the trigger transformer ready to create another high voltage spike , and the cycle repeats .	Pres
These lands were forfeited by his heir , James Maule , 4th Earl of Panmure following the Jacobite rising of 1715 .	Past
Located beside Indira Park and along the Hussain Sagar lake , the park was inaugurated on 28 January 2004 .	Past
Constructed at a cost of , the facility was designed by Nitish Roy , a well-known Indian art director , production designer and architect .	Past
On 28 January 2004 , the then Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Chandrababu Naidu inaugurated the facility .	Past
Though it was not intended to be open for visitors on that day , some of them ventured into the facility .	Past
The internal area , also called as the Cryo Zone , maintains a constant temperature of – 5 ° C .	Pres
During a speech he remarked ,	Past
He encouraged librarians to see their work and especially their role as a key part of the information revolution .	Past
A rocket the United States has located on the Black Sea 's seabed as a precaution against a potential threat from Tehran launches accidentally .	Pres
In the first verse , the narrator expresses desire for a Ford Mustang , but cannot get one due to his father being busy with work .	Pres
The son nonetheless wants the car because it will offer " a chance to be with him " .	Pres
These research findings were fed into the design for the new-generation high-speed train .	Past
based on the analysis of large amounts of data and experience from the operation of the Beijing-Tianjin high-speed rail .	Past
The train model was exhibited in May at the China Railway Pavilion in the Shanghai World Expo Park ( IRJ July p5 ) .	Past
According to CSR , the overall design of CRH380A reflects ten major goals .	Pres
During the test , It traveled in 34 minutes , at average speed of .	Past
Three of these sets are testing trains .	Pres
As a result , the old church was partially demolished , apart from the chancel and one bay of the nave .	Past
After Marie 's death James complained that she had been too old and had not proved companionable .	Past
James remarried a final time to Elisenda de Montcada before his death in 1327 .	Past
These doors and panels could and sometimes did get swapped between models , either as replace ­ ment for damaged items or by chance during overhauls .	Past
They were since resold in 1999 to " América Latina Logística " ( ALL ) in Brazil where they retained their FCA engine numbers .	Past
Of these , two were resold again to " Sociedad Química y Minera " ( SQM ) in Chile .	Past
These locomotives were refurbished in South Africa prior to being delivered to their new owners .	Past
Most of them wore this livery throughout their SAR service life .	Past
" You Have the Right to Remain Silent ( song )	Pres
Other fragments suggest he had two brothers , Giacomo a notary , and Anselmo a doctor .	Pres
Further documents suggest he was still alive in September 1329 , but dead by May , 1330 .	Pres
Carignano 's portolan has been variously dated between 1305 and 1327 . ) .	Past
In this map he joins the teological tradition ( Jerusalem in the centre of a T-in-O scheme ) and the more accurate and up-to-date information	Pres
" This Is Me Missing You	Pres
" This Is Me Missing You " is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist James House .	Pres
It is spelt Rikaze Dzong ( official spelling : Xigazê Dzong ; other spellings : Shigatse Dzong , Shikatse Dzong , Zhigatsey Dzong , , ) .	Past
The location of the Dzong on the hilltop dominates the scenic views of the town and the Tashilhunpo Monastery .	Pres
During the Chinese Cultural Revolution in Tibet in 1961 , the Dzong was demolished " stone by stone " .	Past
Between 2005 and 2007 , the building was reconstructed , financed by donations from Shanghai .	Past
In 1972 a new campus of Tashilhunpo Monastery was built by Tibetan exiles at a settlement in Bylakuppe , Karnātakā , in southern India .	Pres
The title of ' Butön ' was prefixed to his name , Rinchen Drup .	Past
Located 40 km south of Shigatse , it was also famous for Pala art paintings of the Newari-Tibetan-Mongol school .	Past
This art , which developed in the 13th century , is traced to Arniko of the court of Kublai Khan in Beijing .	Past
Some of the paintings are still well preserved .	Past
His career was then interrupted by conscription in 1942 , but he resumed his career in 1945 .	Past
She wants a more meaningful relationship than what she has encountered .	Pres
He investigates the case of a young Japanese girl kidnapped off the streets of Rome at Christmas , eventually falling in love with the girl 's mother .	Past
After the end of the Second Balkan War in 1913 , Italy and Austria-Hungary pressed Greece to evacuate the southern part of modern Albania .	Past
Finding the island too unimportant to risk war with Italy , Greece evacuated it and it was in turn occupied by Italy on 30 October 1914 .	Past
Italy posted a military commander on the island .	Past
This was later ratified on 26 April 1915 by the secret Treaty of London .	Past
After World War I , Albania formally ceded the island to Italy on 2 September 1920 as part of the Albano-Italian protocol .	Past
However , in 1923 , eight contemporary stamps of Italy were overprinted " SASENO " by the Sazan Island post office for local use .	Past
The album was mastered by Peter Mew at Abbey Road Studios in England .	Past
He switched teams , joining ADAC Mittelrhein e.V .	Past
In 2005 , Abreu stepped up to the Formula 3 Euro Series with Mücke Motorsport .	Past
The team participates in UCI Europe Tour races and UCI World Tour events when given a wildcard invitation .	Pres
Caja Rural re-entered professional cycling in the 2010 season .	Past
The team 's enthusiasm for competition in their Vuelta début was highlighted by a heartbreaking episode in the 4th stage .	Past
Euskorot , a Basque Country graphics company , supplies the team car livery .	Pres
Team bikes for the 2015 and 2016 seasons are supplied by Fuji Bikes models Transonic , Altamira and Norcom Straight .	Past
From the 2012 to the 2014 season , the team had ridden Bulgarian brand bicycles ViVELO .	Past
From the 2015 season , team kit is supplied by Italian clothing brand ALÉ , replacing Inverse – CIRO SPORT from the previous several seasons .	Past
Spiuk supplies the team 's helmets and glasses .	Pres
From the 2016 season , the powermeters and computers are supplied by Pioneer replacing Rotor	Past
The region comprises the territory of the City and County of Limerick and Counties Clare and Tipperary .	Pres
It spans 10,511 km ² , 14.95 % of the total area of the state and had a 2016 population of 473,269 .	Pres
Prior to 2014 , the region was governed by the Mid-West Regional Assembly .	Past
Since that date , the association between Regional Assemblies and NUTS regions has ceased .	Past
The Mid-West Region was administered by the Mid-West Regional Authority , which consisted of 26 elected representatives from the region 's councils .	Past
The Regional Authorities were dissolved in 2014 and were replaced by Regional Assemblies .	Past
Additionally , Limerick City Council was merged with Limerick County Council in 2014 , however this too was not reflected at NUTS 3 level until 2018 .	Past
Habito currently teaches Economics at the Ateneo de Manila University .	Pres
He writes a weekly column entitled " No Free Lunch " in the Philippine Daily Inquirer 's opinion section .	Pres
Zeus frees Bella and the two try to escape but get caught by the two robbers .	Pres
Zeus then , finishes them off by tackling them by knocking down a tower of Christmas presents .	Pres
Promoted to Captain in 1855 he commanded HMS " Leander " at Sevastopol during the closing stages of the Crimean War .	Past
He also commanded HMS " Royal Albert " , HMS " Algiers " , HMS " St George " and then HMS " Asia " .	Past
Werner Roberts was sentenced to 10 to 13 years in prison , Carl Urbanec 6 to 9 years and Andrew Fraser 5 to 7 years in prison .	Past
When We Leave ( , ) is a 2010 German-Turkish drama film , produced , written and directed by Austrian filmmaker Feo Aladag .	Pres
It screened in the special Panorama section and was awarded the Europa Cinemas Label Prize .	Past
" When We Leave " ultimately played over 100 film festivals worldwide , in 73 countries and on 6 continents .	Pres
She packs up her things and flees her life and marriage in Istanbul .	Pres
According to tradition she belongs forever to her husband Kemal .	Pres
Umay refuses to go and burns her passport .	Pres
Umay overhears them and flees to start a new life with her son , without her family .	Pres
She moves to a women 's shelter , where she builds a new life for herself .	Pres
Only one thing is missing ; her family .	Pres
Aladag researched for over two years and consulted with various experts on the issues involved .	Past
She researched police case files from the previous fifteen years and discovered similar patterns in them that helped her begin writing the screenplay .	Past
They are primarily most concentrated in the northern communes of Martinique , where the main plantations are located .	Past
The Indo-Martiniquais speak Antillean a French-based creole .	Pres
The word Colombo derives from the Tamil word " குழம்பு- kulambu " meaning curry sauce .	Pres
It was numbered 336a , the " a " meaning it is an addition between 336 and 337 of the existing catalogue .	Past
The nebula was first catalogued as the N76 and N76A H emission line nebulae .	Past
The nebula was catalogued at radio wavelengths as SMC DEM 123 and 124 , corresponding to N76A and N76 respectively .	Past
Hodge catalogued stellar associations in the SMC and Hodge 53 was defined to include NGC 371 .	Past
The electromagnetic radiation of the primary is concentrated in the far ultraviolet , so the visual and ultraviolet spectra are dominated by the secondary star .	Past
Classification of both stars is complicated by line blending .	Past
The shifts in the two sets of lines are not quite synchronised : the emission line velocities peak about one day later than the absorption lines .	Past
The derived size of the orbit depends on the inclination ; for an inclination of 68 ° the semi-major axis is .	Pres
The temperatures can be calculated directly by modelling the atmospheres of both stars to reproduce the observed spectrum in detail .	Past
In around 30,000 years it loses , only a small proportion of which is accreted by the secondary star .	Pres
Relatively soon afterwards , the system settles to its current state .	Pres
However , broad regional and interstate differences apply .	Pres
Theoretical questions concerning the teaching of philosophy in school have been debated at least since Immanuel Kant and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel .	Past
Theoretical problems of philosophy education at college and university level are discussed in articles in the journal Teaching Philosophy .	Past
In KZ Sachsenhausen , Yakov Dzhugashvili refuses Andrei Vlasov 's offer to exchange him for Friedrich Paulus .	Pres
Erich von Manstein commits all his forces to a final assault , bringing the Soviets close to defeat .	Pres
Vatutin urges to send in the strategic reserve , which repels the Germans .	Pres
In Warsaw , the Polish Resistance bombs a German cinema .	Pres
The Red Army reaches the Dnieper .	Pres
Lukin 's regiment crosses it , presumably as the division 's vanguard ; unbeknownst to them , they are merely a ploy to mislead the enemy .	Pres
Stalin informs his allies that a Soviet offensive will take place soon after the Normandy landings .	Pres
The Stavka decides to strike in Belarus .	Pres
After concluding that the Belarus marshes are passable , Rokossovsky demands that the main effort be directed towards Bobruisk and insists until Stalin approves .	Pres
In Poland , Zawadzki and Berling watch the Bug River as the Polish 1st Army crosses it , saying they are happy to return home .	Pres
Zhukov rejects Stavka 's order to take Berlin , fearing an attack on his flank .	Pres
In Yalta , Stalin notifies Churchill and Roosevelt that he knows of their secret dealings with the enemy .	Pres
Vasilev 's tank crushes into a house .	Pres
When Hitler orders the tunnels flooded , Tzvetaev drowns while rescuing civilians .	Pres
In the Führerbunker , after marrying Eva Braun , Hitler murders her and commits suicide .	Pres
After Nekrasov 's and Simonov 's refusal , Yuri Bondarev and Oscar Kurganov were tasked with writing the script .	Past
Originally , the series was supposed to be a purely historical , documentary-like trilogy called " The Liberation of Europe 1943 – 45 " .	Past
Ivan Konev was irritated by Yuri Leghkov , who depicted him in the first two parts .	Past
He demanded Ozerov would replace him with someone else , complaining the actor was constantly bothering him with questions .	Past
Ozerov supervised the set from a specially-built tower , using a handkerchief to signal the engineers when to detonate the charges .	Past
On one occasion , the director absentmindedly blew his nose , and " one and half tons of TNT went off " .	Past
East German Foreign Minister Otto Winzer had authorized the producers to use the ruins of the Gendarmenmarkt .	Past
Ozerov answered that according to their material , he was not .	Past
56.1 million people watched the first , of which 56 million returned after the intermission for the second .	Past
She attributed this , partially , to the " grandiose scale " of the films , which made it hard to maintain the interest of the audience .	Past
The series was endorsed also by the East German government .	Past
It is still acclaimed for this reason ; Lars Karl wrote " it was a gigantic work ...	Past
" Der Spiegel " lauded Ozerov for portraying the German side " with due consideration " for details .	Past
Two months later , the important author Semion Freilikh completely ignored " Liberation " when discussing the genre of war films in the same magazine .	Past
Mira and Antonin Liehm judged it as " entirely sterile " .	Past
Scenes featuring him were edited out from many older pictures .	Past
He characterized this view as one that allowed " a number of unpleasant facts " to be " repressed from mass consciousness " .	Past
The Senne Railway branches off to Bielefeld in Paderborn .	Pres
In addition , Hanover S-Bahn services terminate at the station .	Pres
Rui En resumed the use of her Chinese name , 瑞恩 ( Ruì 'ēn ) in this album .	Past
His younger brother , Jim Treacy , also hurled with Kilkenny and captained the team to the All-Ireland title in 1967 .	Past
Bennettsbridge surrendered their championship crown again the following year , however , a 4-9 to 1-4 trouncing of Glenmore in 1964 gave Treacy a fourth championship medal .	Past
Despite a hat-trick of goals from Waterford 's Séamus Power , Kilkenny secured a 4-17 to 6-8 victory .	Past
Marc Rosset defend his title , winning in the final 6 – 4 , 6 – 3 against Patrik Kühnen .	Pres
She was dethroned later that year when she chose to get married .	Past
The survey is sponsored by NASA and the National Science Foundation .	Past
The survey comprises a decade of observations .	Pres
The interior features two bas relief cast stone panels of woodland animals titled " Deer " and " Bear " executed in 1938 by artist Paul Fiene .	Past
Samuel was baptized at Yeovil on March 31 , 1622 , but he probably died before adulthood in New England .	Past
Stephen Arnold Douglas debated Abraham Lincoln in 1858 before a senate race and later lost to him in the 1860 presidential election .	Past
De Roure has supervised or co-supervised several doctoral students .	Past
His work is permeated by social , political and historical themes .	Past
However , the ABAP has also openly criticised the VHP for raising unnecessary controversies and refused to follow an agenda set by the VHP ..	Past
The ABAP welcomed the verdict , asserting that it would prevent further exploitation of the issue by political parties .	Past
They are complemented by a projecting keystone and radiating voussoirs .	Past
On the pavilion they are additionally topped with stone pediments ; segmental arched with supporting brackets in the center and triangular in the middle .	Past
The pavilion 's gable is trimmed in limestone .	Past
At its bottom is a plain frieze with " United States Post Office " carved into it .	Past
The shallow pitched roof is sheathed in metal .	Past
Small Doric pilasters divide the teller windows , which retain their original bronze grilles .	Pres
Butcher saved a penalty in the eighth minute , and Orient won 1 – 0 .	Past
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated .	Past
However the trees and undergrowth hide the earthworks from immediate view .	Pres
Gao thus treated him well .	Past
On May 1 , 887 , Bi and Zheng , after issuing public declarations denouncing Lü , departed Gaoyou and advanced toward Yang Prefecture .	Past
Gao Pian , worried that Lü might preemptively slaughter Bi 's family , put Bi 's family under protective custody .	Past
Soon thereafter , Qin Zongheng was assassinated by his deputy Sun Ru , who took over the army .	Past
The nave was lengthened towards the west in the 14th century .	Past
The roof was repaired in 1866 , and a restoration was carried out in 1906 .	Past
The church vested in the Churches Conservation Trust on 1 May 1988 .	Past
The tie beams are decorated with carvings , as are two of the stone corbels .	Past
The chancel is paved with black marble and white stone .	Past
The altar and chancel rails date from about 1730 ; they are in wrought iron , and the altar is partly gilt .	Past
The bowl is carved with intersecting arcading , and its rim has dog-tooth motifs .	Past
Both accounts agree that when the team returned for him , he had died from internal injuries and blood loss .	Pres
The trail only crosses two roads at grade level , the quiet West 21st Street and the busy Cedar Lake Parkway .	Pres
The context of the castle 's first reigning occupant helps amplify its importance today and at the time it was first built .	Pres
The castle 's present-day appearance largely stems from renovation carried out in 1898 , including bay windows , half-timbered walls and transverse gables .	Pres
Critchley was wearing a boot on one foot and an undone trainer , two sizes too small , on the other .	Pres
the phage-derived lysis genes ) or uptake and recombination ( " e.g. "	Pres
Even under maximally inducing conditions only a small fraction of the culture produces GTAs , typically less than 1 % .	Pres
Like phages , GTAs attach to specific protein or carbohydrate structures on the recipient cell surface before injecting their DNA .	Pres
An uncharacterized stochastic process further limits expression of the gene cluster is to only 0.1-3 % of the cells .	Pres
He was Visiting Professor at Northern Illinois University in De Kalb , Illinois and Research Fellow at the prestigious Princeton University in New Jersey .	Pres
In Welsh history Idris a name still used in Wales is a prophet who studied the heavens and the movement of heavenly bodies .	Pres
Many of the scholars allege that he was the first to speak about this , and they call him Thrice-Great Hermes [ Hermes Trismegistus ] " .	Pres
In addition , historian Patricia Crone proposes that both " Idris " and " Andreas " are derived from the Akkadian epic of Atra-Hasis .	Pres
The hill affords commanding views of the surrounding countryside .	Pres
The board regulates and supervises the system of Intermediate education in Madhya Pradesh State .	Pres
It executes and governs various activities that include devising of courses of study , prescribing syllabus , conducting examinations , granting affiliations to colleges .	Pres
Several lines converge at the yard .	Pres
After a curacy in Darwin he was chaplain of the Carpentaria Aerial Mission and then rector of Normanton .	Pres
It weighs and is long .	Pres
This improves on an earlier result of Enrico Bombieri and Wolfgang M. Schmidt and is close to the best possible result .	Pres
From outer appearance , it looks similar to a turtle , and it has hair growing on its back .	Pres
Folklorist Iwao Hino recalls spotting a kekkai at a freak show during childhood .	Pres
The North Branch Otter River empties into the Otter River , which turns to the northeast into Otter Lake and then feeds the Sturgeon River .	Pres
Her books tend to be aimed for a female audience , often falling into the women 's fiction or " chick lit " categories .	Pres
The current award of the Omaha Trophy reflects the command 's primary missions , emphasis on strategic deterrence , and evolving role in global operations .	Pres
The trimmer shapes the hooves to provide the optimal weight bearing surface .	Pres
It airs two hours on weekdays and four hours on weekends .	Pres
Instead , it purchases services from railway companies that actually operate the trains .	Pres
While many have attempted to discredit the claim that Pauli was a lecturer in Hebrew at Oxford University , research demonstrates that he was .	Pres
Local weekly Odia newspaper such as " Arjji " and " Kalahandi Express " publish articles in standard Odia Form and Kalahandia Odia Form .	Pres
His music addresses such life issues such as peer pressure .	Pres
Israeli archaeologist Ehud Netzer estimates the Royal Stoa was roughly wide and long , though Josephus gives its length as a stade ( approximately 600 ft ) .	Pres
They forget their disagreements for a festive weekend and get energized to start the year .	Pres
One evening Tansy slips out of the house after her father has gone to the pub to meet up with farm labourer Clem ( Ames ) .	Pres
Arriving at the Wilverley farm , they discover that George has died .	Pres
She manages to break free and flees in panic to the Wilverley house .	Pres
Joad realises the truth that Will and Tansy should be free to marry .	Pres
He sends Will off in pursuit .	Pres
It incorporates " Pharmacology & Therapeutics .	Pres
Additionally , The KC-130J reduces cost of ownership through system reliability and reduced maintenance man-hours per flight hour .	Pres
This reduction of the propellers ' speed helps to eliminate prop wash behind the KC-130J .	Pres
The aircraft retains its original capabilities in refueling and transportation .	Pres
The natural range of " Eunephrops cadenasi " extends from the seas off the Bahamas and Dominica southwards to Jamaica and Colombia .	Pres
The seaway eventually shrank , divided across the Dakotas , and retreated towards the Gulf of Mexico and the Hudson Bay .	Pres
Fossil foot bones from Appalachian deposits indicate another , unnamed tyrannosauroid measuring , indicating that diversity in these basal tyrannosauroids remained high during the latest cretaceous .	Pres
Though known only from teeth , the discovery indicates large dromaeosaurids were part of Appalachia 's fauna .	Pres
It supports the face and is maintained by the skull , which itself encloses the brain .	Pres
The human head typically weighs between	Pres
The ears sit to either side of the head .	Pres
The head receives blood supply through the internal and external carotid arteries .	Pres
The area inside the skull also receives blood supply from the vertebral arteries , which travel up through the cervical vertebrae .	Pres
Humans easily differentiate between faces because of the brain 's predisposition toward facial recognition .	Pres
When observing a relatively unfamiliar species , all faces seem nearly identical .	Pres
I mean the Prof is the Prof innee ?	Pres
This species feeds primarily on zooplankton .	Pres
The car reaches the foreground and explodes without warning , leaving a smouldering pile of twisted wreckage .	Pres
A policeman ( played by Hepworth himself ) happens to be passing , takes out a telescope and looks up to the sky .	Pres
Cattle were dying in thousands .	Pres
He shares his life with English teacher Linda Apse .	Pres
This species feeds primarily on zooplankton .	Pres
In the year 2090 , mankind invents a supercomputer called Desmoura to manage Earth ’ s environment .	Pres
Capable of replicating itself in various technological inventions , Desmoura achieves sentience as it sets itself around Earth ’ s orbit .	Pres
The site occupies an extremely strong position at the north end of a spur .	Pres
It reduces the count of transistors used to make different logic gates , by eliminating redundant transistors .	Pres
In either case , the output of the depletion load nMOS inverter obviously assumes a logic-low or a logic-high level , depending upon the voltage V .	Pres
He will be executing the plans for a ten-year 500-million dollar expansion and renovation , designed by Frank Gehry .	Pres
Timothy Rub specializes in architecture and modern art , and considers his passion to be early 20th Century modern art .	Pres
This species feeds primarily on zooplankton .	Pres
Michigan State University owns the rights to these recordings and republishes them from time to time as students of Baritone and Euphonium still seek them out .	Pres
Each August , the festival competition welcomes masters of the instruments and new students alike to Twin Lake , Michigan .	Pres
The Spartan Marching Band now recognizes a specific one of his many arrangements as " Falcone Fight " .	Pres
The Young Generation is actively proposing resolutions within these international organisations .	Pres
That equates to 19 exclusions per school day for incidents including groping and using sexually insulting language .	Pres
Other researchers cite similar evidence .	Pres
Sexual orientation-related physical bullying significantly correlates with mental distress and symptoms of trauma .	Pres
The defenses comprise two large ramparts with outer ditches and an additional counter scarp bank on the northern half .	Pres
It focuses on the history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) and its members following the death of Joseph Smith .	Pres
Their letters correspond to their height .	Pres
A road connecting Indian Church to San Filipe separates the site into two areas , the North Complex and the South Complex .	Pres
When paired with a suitable geodetic datum , the series deliver high accuracy in zones less than a few degrees in east-west extent .	Pres
Neither the OSGB nor the UTM implementations define an inverse series for the meridian distance ; instead they use an iterative scheme .	Pres
For a given meridian distance , formula _ 24 , define the rectifying latitude by	Pres
Karney discusses Greenland as an instructive example .	Pres
The defining documents in various countries differ slightly in notation and , more importantly , in the neglect of some of the small terms .	Pres
The analysis of small terms depends on the latitude and longitude ranges in the various grids .	Pres
The adoption of radically different false origins helps to prevent confusion between the two systems .	Pres
To convert Transverse Mercator coordinates to lat-lon , first calculate formula _ 16 , the footprint latitude — i.e .	Pres
Bowring 's formulas below seem quickest , but traditional formulas will suffice .	Pres
As of December 2018 , Indian airline SpiceJet flies to a total of 57 destinations , including 39 domestic destinations and 6 international destinations within Asia .	Pres
The design limits heat gain and solar glare , and the building environment is sound-proofed .	Pres
Their album release , " Completion Makes the Tragedy " ( 2006 ) , was issued by Nuclear Blast .	Pres
" I don 't want to possess a part of our country — I want to have the whole Namibia . "	Pres
A secretary frames a private investigator ( Warren Douglas ) for murder to deflect suspicion away from her younger sister .	Pres
Recyclers consider electronic waste a " rapidly expanding " issue .	Pres
Manufacturers and agencies are slowly adapting new programs in an effort to curtail the amount of waste that has been rising over the years .	Pres
They collaborate with over 1,400 retailers , local councils , government agencies and businesses in their recycling efforts .	Pres
Today , they are placing a heavy emphasis on not only recycling phones but rather reusing them .	Pres
Ecuador is seeking ways to default on sovereign debts incurred under the government of Gustavo Noboa , which the present government deems to have been incurred illegally .	Pres
Bloomberg maintains a " dashboard " of several labor-market variables that illustrates the state of recovery of the labor market .	Pres
Research indicates recovery from financial crises can be protracted , with lengthy periods of high unemployment and substandard economic growth .	Pres
Document ’ s key activity is sourcing and screening human rights documentaries and developing relationships with filmmakers and human rights organisations at home and abroad .	Pres
It focuses on 1988 's plebiscite of 1988 and the end of Pinochet 's dictatorship .	Pres
The compound crystallizes in the motif seen for cuprous oxide : gold is 2-coordinate , sulfur 4-coordinate , and the S-Au-S linkage is linear .	Pres
CASA CN-235M-100 airplanes for cargo and ambulance and CASA CN-235EW airplanes for electronic warfare .	Pres
" I suppose so " was the reply " .	Pres
Financial problems beset the firm in the 1980s , particularly in relation to the Crash of Black Monday ( 1987 ) .	Pres
The adjectival form of Anjou is Angevin and inhabitants of Anjou are known as Angevins .	Pres
These conditions impose unbalanced loads on the joints and stretching of either the thigh 's adductors and abductors .	Pres
The quadratus femoris originates at the ischial tuberosity and is inserted onto the intertrochanteric crest between the trochanters .	Pres
With the knee extended , it adducts the thigh and flexes the hip .	Pres
All the adductors except gracilis insert on the femur and act on the hip joint , and so functionally qualify as hip muscles .	Pres
Additionally , the long head extends the hip joint .	Pres
In the weight-bearing leg , it pulls the leg towards the foot .	Pres
At the ankle , the tendon divides into four that stretch across the foot to the dorsal aponeuroses of the last phalanges of the four lateral toes .	Pres
In the non-weight-bearing leg , the muscle extends the digits and dorsiflexes the foot , and in the weight-bearing leg acts similar to the tibialis anterior .	Pres
The muscle produces simultaneous plantar flexion and supination in the non-weight-bearing leg , and approximates the heel to the calf of the leg .	Pres
It crosses the tendon of the tibialis posterior distally on the tibia , and the tendon of the flexor hallucis longus in the sole .	Pres
Distally to its division , the quadratus plantae radiates into it and near the middle phalanges its tendons penetrate the tendons of the flexor digitorum brevis .	Pres
In the non-weight-bearing leg , it plantar flexes the toes and foot and supinates .	Pres
In the weight-bearing leg it supports the plantar arch .	Pres
Except for supporting the arch , it plantar flexes the little toe and also acts as an abductor .	Pres
Except for reinforcing the plantar arch , they contribute to plantar flexion and move the four digits toward the big toe .	Pres
Lastly , the flexor digitorum brevis arises from underneath the calcaneus to insert its tendons on the middle phalanges of digit 2-4 .	Pres
The artery enters the thigh as the femoral artery which descends the medial side of the thigh to the adductor canal .	Pres
The anterior region of the thigh extends distally from the femoral triangle to the region of the knee and laterally to the tensor fasciae latae .	Pres
In the lower leg the anterior and posterior regions extend down to the malleoli .	Pres
A series of perforator veins interconnect the superficial and deep systems .	Pres
The venous valves assist in maintaining the superficial to deep direction of the blood flow .	Pres
Ilioinguinalis exits through the inguinal ring and supplies sensory branches to the skin above the pubic symphysis and the lateral portion of the scrotum .	Pres
The sensory femoral branch supplies the skin below the inguinal ligament , while the mixed genital branch supplies the skin and muscles around the sex organ .	Pres
The anterior branch also supplies sensory nerves to the skin on a small area on the distal medial aspect of the thigh .	Pres
The posterior femoral cutaneous nerve ( S1-S3 ) contributes sensory branches to the skin on the posterior thigh .	Pres
There it divides into a deep and a superficial terminal branch .	Pres
The superficial branch supplies the peroneus muscles and the deep branch enters the extensor compartment ; both branches reaches into the dorsal foot .	Pres
About 10 % of all total injuries involve the lower extremities in athletes .	Pres
Most individuals suffer from various pains in their lower leg and foot due to different factors .	Pres
Adolescent and adult women in many Western cultures often remove the hair from their legs .	Pres
Inside the chapel an arcade of three Gothic arches separates the south aisle from the nave .	Pres
A plaque above the stage door of the Prince Edward Theatre identifies the site where Mozart lived as a child between 1764 and ' 65 .	Pres
Although dormant , the order technically still exists , and may be used as an award at any time .	Pres
All hereditary peers retain dining rights to the House of Lords , retaining its title as " the best club in London " .	Pres
It carries the title Sir .	Pres
During the ceremony , the Queen enters the ballroom of Buckingham Palace attended by two Gurkha orderly officers , a tradition begun in 1876 by Queen Victoria .	Pres
A small number of people each year refuse the offer of an award for personal or political reasons .	Pres
For instance , a Knight Grand Cross always precedes a Knight Commander .	Pres
Only 6.55 % of the population attends such schools .	Pres
The success of the electroporation depends greatly on the purity of the plasmid solution , especially on its salt content .	Pres
The success of in vivo electroporation depends greatly on voltage , repetition , pulses , and duration .	Pres
This phenomenon indicates that the mechanism is the creation of nm-scale water-filled holes in the membrane .	Pres
Grier recalls their relationship in chapter nineteen of her autobiographical memoir , " My Life in Three Acts " .	Pres
In Shiraz industries such as cement production , sugar , fertilizers , textile products , wood products , metalwork and rugs dominate .	Pres
A number of municipal laws prohibit construction in any of the garden areas .	Pres
Industries such as cement production , sugar , fertilizers , textile products , wood products , metalwork and rugs dominate .	Pres
The trains arrive and leave from [ [ Shiraz railway station ] ] , Iran 's largest railway station according to surface area .	Pres
Instead , they seem to have been based primarily or solely on the name or synonyms of the variety .	Pres
Varying orthography for grape names render dubious any name-based evidence of origins .	Pres
No documentary evidence exists to back up this legend , and it also requires the variety to later vanish from the Marseilles region without leaving any trace .	Pres
Also a DOC Sirah Piedmont exists .	Pres
The region though which has made one of the best uses of Syrah , by blending it with Nero d 'Avola grapes , is Sicily .	Pres
The differences in the soil quality as well as the changes in the slope of the terrain tend to produce different styles of wine .	Pres
Mostly grown in Valais , along the upper Rhône valley above Lake Geneva , it produces " unexpectedly concentrated wine from mature vines " .	Pres
Other appellations , primarily mountainous ones , tend to produce varietal-based wines that can stand on their own .	Pres
The territorial fish protects the anemone from anemone-eating fish , and in turn the stinging tentacles of the anemone protect the clownfish from its predators .	Pres
A special mucus on the clownfish protects it from the stinging tentacles .	Pres
The shrimp digs and cleans up a burrow in the sand in which both the shrimp and the goby fish live .	Pres
In case of danger , the goby touches the shrimp with its tail to warn it .	Pres
When that happens both the shrimp and goby quickly retreat into the burrow .	Pres
In endosymbiosis , the host cell lacks some of the nutrients which the endosymbiont provides .	Pres
Muller 's ratchet phenomenon , together with less effective population sizes , leads to an accretion of deleterious mutations in the non-essential genes of the intracellular bacteria .	Pres
It derives from a medieval Latin word meaning sharing food , formed from " com- " ( with ) and " mensa " ( table ) .	Pres
Competition is where a larger or stronger organism deprives a smaller or weaker one from a resource .	Pres
Like " Othello " and " The Winter 's Tale " , it deals with the themes of innocence and jealousy .	Pres
The Queen is also plotting to murder both Imogen and Cymbeline , procuring what she believes to be deadly poison from the court doctor .	Pres
Iachimo then hides in a chest in Imogen 's bedchamber and , when the princess falls asleep , emerges to steal from her Posthumus 's bracelet .	Pres
Returning to Italy , Iachimo convinces Posthumus that he has successfully seduced Imogen .	Pres
However , Pisanio refuses to kill Imogen and reveals to her Posthumus 's plot .	Pres
In the guise of a boy , Imogen adopts the name " Fidele , " meaning " faithful . "	Pres
Meanwhile , Cloten learns of the " meeting " between Imogen and Posthumus at Milford Haven .	Pres
Dressing himself enviously in Posthumus 's clothes , he decides to go to Wales to kill Posthumus , and then rape , abduct , and marry Imogen .	Pres
They mourn and , after placing Cloten 's body beside hers , briefly depart to prepare for the double burial .	Pres
Imogen awakes to find the headless body , and believes it to be Posthumus due to the fact the body is wearing Posthumus ' clothes .	Pres
The treacherous Queen is now wasting away due to the disappearance of her son Cloten .	Pres
In jail , Posthumus sleeps , while the ghosts of his dead family appear to complain to Jupiter of his grim fate .	Pres
Ecstatic , Imogen throws herself at Posthumus , who still takes her for a boy and knocks her down .	Pres
Shakespeare , however , freely adapts the legend and adds entirely original sub-plots .	Pres
In Act V Scene IV , " " Jupiter descends in thunder and lightning , sitting upon an eagle : he throws a thunderbolt . " "	Pres
His version eliminates the brothers altogether as part of a notable enhancement of Posthumus ' role in the play .	Pres
An operatic adaptation by American composer Christopher Berg exists ; scenes were performed in 2009 .	Pres
The shift indicates that he was giving up composition .	Pres
" The Winter 's Tale " poses the challenges of time passing and a bear pursuing Antigonus off stage .	Pres
" The Tempest " opens with a scene inspired by the shipwreck of " The Sea Venture " in 1609 .	Pres
, it was still trading in London , England , as Synclavier Europe .	Pres
A member of the ML family , OCaml extends Caml with object-oriented features .	Pres
A type-inferring compiler greatly reduces the need for manual type annotations .	Pres
OCaml infers the type of the expression to be " int " ( a machine-precision integer ) and gives the result " 7 " .	Pres
The following code example defines a " recursive " function " sum " that accepts one argument " xs " .	Pres
The function recursively iterates over a given list and provides a sum of integer elements .	Pres
OCaml lends itself to concisely expressing recursive algorithms .	Pres
The following code example implements an algorithm similar to quicksort that sorts a list in increasing order .	Pres
The following code defines a Church encoding of natural numbers , with successor ( succ ) and addition ( add ) .	Pres
As the factorial function grows very rapidly , it quickly overflows machine-precision numbers ( typically 32- or 64-bits ) .	Pres
For example , applying " twice " to a function " f " yields a function that applies " f " two times to its argument .	Pres
Treatment generally involves supportive care and counselling .	Pres
The condition usually persists without treatment .	Pres
Dissociation , the term that underlies the dissociative disorders including DID , lacks a precise , empirical , and generally agreed upon definition .	Pres
Individuals diagnosed with DID demonstrate the highest hypnotizability of any clinical population .	Pres
A middle position hypothesizes that trauma , in some situations , alters neuronal mechanisms related to memory .	Pres
While otherwise similar , the diagnostic criteria for children also specifies symptoms must not be confused with imaginative play .	Pres
Since most of the symptoms depend on self-report and are not concrete and observable , there is a degree of subjectivity in making the diagnosis .	Pres
An alternative diagnostic instrument , the Dissociative Disorders Interview Schedule , also exists but the SCID-D is generally considered superior .	Pres
They perceive any voices heard as coming from inside their heads ( patients with schizophrenia experience them as external ) .	Pres
The DSM-5 elaborates on cultural background as an influence for some presentations of DID .	Pres
This belief also implies that those with DID are more susceptible to manipulation by hypnosis and suggestion than others .	Pres
The second phase focuses on stepwise exposure to traumatic memories and prevention of re-dissociation .	Pres
The final phase focuses on reconnecting the identities of disparate alters into a single functioning identity with all its memories and experiences intact .	Pres
Figures from psychiatric populations ( inpatients and outpatients ) show a wide diversity from different countries .	Pres
Paris believes that the first possible cause is the most likely .	Pres
Approximately 80 species of plants bear his name .	Pres
In 1772 he was travelling with James Cook and docked in Simon 's Town in what is now South Africa .	Pres
The portrait is now hanging in the Council Chamber of the Guildhall Museum .	Pres
It boasts research facilities , historic links to Australia , and a garden in which rare plants can be viewed and purchased .	Pres
Although sympathetic to his characters , he highlights their insular , snobbish , and acquisitive attitudes and their suffocating moral codes .	Pres
The depiction of a woman in an unhappy marriage furnishes another recurring theme in his work .	Pres
His prolific writings defend traditional Catholic doctrine and values .	Pres
The guideline dictates that " Civil law concerning reporting of crimes ... should always be followed . "	Pres
Such treatment deserves condemnation from the Church 's pastors wherever it occurs . "	Pres
Benedict was talking to the new Japanese ambassador to the Vatican .	Pres
The Declaration also reiterates Pope Benedict XVI 's call for Europe to preserve its Christian roots .	Pres
Thank you for your generous response .	Pres
I bless all of you from my heart . "	Pres
Evidence exists for two Milky Way supernovae whose signals would have reached Earth 1680 and 1870 — Cassiopeia A , and G1.9 + 0.3 respectively .	Pres
This process , known as the " Second Order Fermi Mechanism " , increases particle energy during head-on collisions , resulting in a steady gain in energy .	Pres
Subsequent infection with a different type increases the risk of severe complications .	Pres
The febrile phase involves high fever , potentially over , and is associated with generalized pain and a headache ; this usually lasts two to seven days .	Pres
In some people , the disease proceeds to a critical phase as fever resolves .	Pres
This usually lasts two to three days .	Pres
The improvement is often striking , and can be accompanied with severe itching and a slow heart rate .	Pres
They typically bite during the early morning and in the evening , but they may bite and thus spread infection at any time of day .	Pres
Dengue can be life-threatening in people with chronic diseases such as diabetes and asthma .	Pres
Polymorphisms in the genes for the vitamin D receptor and FcγR seem to offer protection against severe disease in secondary dengue infection .	Pres
When a mosquito carrying dengue virus bites a person , the virus enters the skin together with the mosquito 's saliva .	Pres
It binds to and enters white blood cells , and reproduces inside the cells while they move throughout the body .	Pres
Once inside the skin , dengue virus binds to Langerhans cells ( a population of dendritic cells in the skin that identifies pathogens ) .	Pres
The World Health Organization 's 2009 classification divides dengue fever into two groups : uncomplicated and severe .	Pres
After a primary infection , IgG reaches peak levels in the blood after 14 – 21 days .	Pres
Prevention depends on control of and protection from the bites of the mosquito that transmits it .	Pres
The World Health Organization recommends an Integrated Vector Control program consisting of five elements :	Pres
Treatment depends on the symptoms .	Pres
The World Health Organization counts dengue as one of seventeen neglected tropical diseases .	Pres
Both these species had expanding ranges in the second half of the 20th century .	Pres
Outbreaks of dengue fever increases the need for blood products while decreasing the number of potential blood donors due to potential infection with the virus .	Pres
Tropical Central Africa supports scattered regions of finger millet intercropping mostly with legumes , but also with cassava , plantain , and vegetables .	Pres
Cultural methods could be sowing in rows instead of broadcast sowing to make distinction between finger millet seedlings and " E. indica " easier when hand weeding .	Pres
ICRISAT is currently evaluating crop wild relatives and will introgress " Striga " resistance into cultivated finger millet .	Pres
Moistening the millet seeds prior to grinding helps to remove the bran mechanically without causing damage to the rest of the seed .	Pres
The Mini Millet Mill could be promising as it yields white flour which can be commercially used .	Pres
Another method to process the finger millet grain is germinating the seed .	Pres
This helps their communities have more balanced diets and become more resilient to pests and drought .	Pres
Two bridges connect the building with the shore , four hundred visitors at a time can enter the building and be within the fog mass .	Pres
Eusebius Bruno was gradually withdrawing from him .	Pres
However , this new phase lasts only 20,000 years or so , a short period compared to the entire lifetime of the star .	Pres
Subsequent generations of stars formed from such nebulae also tend to have higher metallicities .	Pres
That case pertains to the planetary nebula PHR 1315-6555 and the open cluster Andrews-Lindsay 1 .	Pres
Although there are a few hundred known open clusters within that age range , a variety of reasons limit the chances of finding a planetary nebula within .	Pres
However , some astronomers postulate that close binary central stars might be responsible for the more complex and extreme planetary nebulae .	Pres
These rely on recombination lines and collisionally excited lines .	Pres
It still applies for legal theory terms , and many basic legal terms with respect to their general meaning .	Pres
The city of Auburn overlaps and extends within the reservation .	Pres
In the elaborate First Salmon Ceremony , which is still observed , the entire community shares the flesh of a Spring Chinook .	Pres
The follicle opens to release the seed by splitting along the suture , and in some species each valve splits too .	Pres
" Banksia " belongs to the family Proteaceae , subfamily Grevilleoideae , and tribe Banksieae .	Pres
Hotter , drier regions around the edges of its range tend to have fewer species with larger distributions .	Pres
The greatest species richness occurs in association with uplands , especially the Stirling Range .	Pres
Vulnerable plants typically die within a few years of infection .	Pres
Some evidence suggests that phosphorous acid may inhibit proteoid root formation .	Pres
However commercial nurserymen extensively utilize the latter method ( indeed , cultivars by nature must be vegetatively propagated by cuttings or grafting ) .	Pres
Each jump receives a score according to its base value and grade of execution ( GOE ) .	Pres
The vast majority of skaters rotate all their jumps and spins in the same direction ; counter-clockwise jumping is more common than clockwise .	Pres
By 1991 , jumps covering six metres of distance were common .	Pres
More recent skaters tend to keep their feet closer together and to begin rotating sooner .	Pres
The most common jumps on the back end of a combination are the toe loop and loop because they take off from a back outside edge .	Pres
In international competition , a combination of two jumps is a required element for single skaters in the short program .	Pres
The ISU Judging System restricts combinations in the free skate to a maximum of three jumps .	Pres
Side-by-side jumps performed in unison are required elements in competitive pair skating .	Pres
Pairs sometimes shout auditory cues to their partner in order to maintain and adjust their timing .	Pres
The Ledyard Bridge connects the two towns .	Pres
The United States Census Bureau defines Niihau and the neighboring island and State Seabird Sanctuary of Lehua as Census Tract 410 of Kauai County , Hawaii .	Pres
Niihau therefore depends for its rain on winter Kona storms , when more northerly weather systems intrude into the region .	Pres
However , witness accounts estimate that the population actually ranges between 35-50 people .	Pres
The installation brings in millions of dollars a year , and provides the island with a stable economic base without the complexity of tourism or industrial development .	Pres
Bruce Robinson , Niihau 's co-owner , is seeking and considering new forms of non-invasive income generation .	Pres
Five-O lacks its own radio network , necessitating frequent requests by McGarrett to the Honolulu Police Department dispatchers .	Pres
Sources differ on how the show came to be .	Pres
The lyrics of the song 's verses consist entirely of references to story lines of the early episodes .	Pres
American oak contributes greater texture and resistance to ageing , but produces more powerful wine bouquets .	Pres
This species grows in the Mediterranean Sea region , with Portugal , Spain , Algeria , and Morocco producing most of the world 's supply .	Pres
The closed cell structure of white oaks prevents them from absorbing preservatives .	Pres
Scientists suggest that shedding excess numbers allows the oaks to satiate nut gathering species , improving the chances of germination .	Pres
The coat-of-arms of Vest-Agder , Norway , and Blekinge , Sweden , features oak trees .	Pres
They also symbolize rank in the United States Armed Forces .	Pres
A gold oak leaf indicates an O-4 ( Major or Lt .	Pres
Arrangements of oak leaves , acorns and sprigs indicate different branches of the United States Navy Staff corps officers .	Pres
Historians consider him among the Holy Roman Empire 's greatest medieval emperors .	Pres
Moving through Bologna and Tuscany , he was soon approaching the city of Rome .	Pres
There , Pope Adrian IV was struggling with the forces of the republican city commune led by Arnold of Brescia , a student of Abelard .	Pres
The German princes , far from being subordinated to royal control , were intensifying their hold on wealth and power in Germany and entrenching their positions .	Pres
Accounts of the event are conflicting .	Pres
The sizable Persian component of the Anglo-Indian loan words in English and in Urdu therefore reflects the Dari pronunciation .	Pres
He seeks to find a parsimonious basis for a moral beginning for society , a kind of natural law that everyone could accept .	Pres
As a result , he maintains that such an agreement is not voluntary and therefore cannot be considered a legitimate contract at all .	Pres
The Fertile Crescent flora comprises a high percentage of plants that can self-pollinate , but may also be cross-pollinated .	Pres
The evidence which does exist suggests that by the third millennium BCE and into the second , several language groups already existed in the region .	Pres
The series revolves around a large blended family with six children .	Pres
In the first season , awkward adjustments , accommodations , gender rivalries , and resentments inherent in blended families dominate the stories .	Pres
Decades - a sister network of MeTV - also occasionally airs the show .	Pres
The box art for this set features green shag carpeting and 1970s-style wood paneling .	Pres
These codes differ in certain ways , e.g .	Pres
This explains the difference between the names of the plant " Magnolia hodgsonii " and the bird " Anthus hodgsoni " .	Pres
For example , " The house sparrow ( " Passer domesticus " ) is decreasing in Europe . "	Pres
The International Plant Names Index maintains an approved list of botanical author abbreviations .	Pres
Thus the house sparrow , " Passer domesticus " , belongs to the family Passeridae .	Pres
Regarding his probable birth county , Daniell cites John Bale , author of a sixteenth century scriptorium , giving it as Yorkshire .	Pres
He had been assisting Cranmer with a revision of the Anglican prayer book .	Pres
However Hughes believes that it is likely that in his own opinion , he felt too elderly to undertake the responsibility properly .	Pres
Coverdale 's legacy has been far-reaching , especially that of his first complete English Bible of 1535 .	Pres
The head of the rivet , which is in diameter , rests atop a rectangular washer measuring .	Pres
Preserved images of Szczerbiec from various points in time indicate that the decorative plates were several times dismounted and placed again on the hilt in variable configurations .	Pres
According to English Heritage , which maintains the site :	Pres
It secretes digestive enzymes and gastric acid to aid in food digestion .	Pres
Because it is a organ , it normally expands to hold about one litre of food .	Pres
Like the other parts of the gastrointestinal tract , the human stomach walls consist of an outer mucosa , inner submucosa , muscularis externa , and serosa .	Pres
The stomach also possesses a serosa , consisting of layers of connective tissue continuous with the peritoneum .	Pres
They secrete hydrochloric acid ( HCl ) and intrinsic factor .	Pres
They secrete gastrin produced by their G cells .	Pres
In early human embryogenesis , the ventral part of the embryo abuts the yolk sac .	Pres
Hydrochloric acid activates this inactive form of enzyme into the active form , pepsin .	Pres
In humans , many bariatric surgery procedures involve the stomach , in order to lose weight .	Pres
These animals all consume diets that either require little storage of food , or no pre-digestion with gastric juices , or both .	Pres
Due to their original purpose , military marching bands typically march in a forward direction with consistent straight lines .	Pres
Unlike the military band style , drum corps style step sizes are constantly changing to accommodate the differing forms the band is creating on the field .	Pres
The " corps style " constantly evolves , with contributions from college bands , high school bands , and drum and bugle corps throughout the United States .	Pres
Typically , corps style bands gear their performances for marching competitions and marching festivals .	Pres
Traditional Style bands , also known as Show Bands , are marching bands geared primarily towards crowd entertainment and perform on football fields .	Pres
HBCU bands utilize the traditional " ankle-knee " high step and music selections are largely based on R & B , hip-hop , and contemporary popular music .	Pres
Carnival bands typically march in time to the music , and may also participate in parades and competitions ..	Pres
American marching bands vary considerably in their instrumentation .	Pres
For example , the Florida A & M Marching 100 fields one drum major for each president in the university 's history .	Pres
Some bands assign drum majors the dual role of leading and conducting the ensemble on the field .	Pres
The director also selects venues for public performance and oversees the staff that help provide funding and equipment .	Pres
Some bands mark time by bringing their feet all the way up to their knee — known as " high-mark time " .	Pres
Some bands forgo marking time and instead come to a complete halt when not marching .	Pres
During a crab step , the musician crosses one leg over the other , either marching on the toes or rolling the foot sideways .	Pres
Step sizes usually vary between 22 and 30 inches ( 56 – 76 cm ) per stride .	Pres
This event involves all participants on the field following the commands of the director or a drum major .	Pres
Each musician in a marching band creates sound waves .	Pres
Typically , in this case , listeners perceive that one section of the band is playing their parts slightly after another section .	Pres
Many bands learn drill one " picture " or form at a time , and later combine these and add music .	Pres
Band camp usually lasts 1 – 2 weeks , but in the case of a more advanced marching band , camp may last up to a month .	Pres
Bands cheer with the cheerleaders , and some bands create their own cheers .	Pres
Competition exists at all levels , but is most common in the U.S. among secondary school bands and drum and bugle corps .	Pres
Much like drum corps , these bands rehearse and tour full-time for about a month from mid-June to mid-August .	Pres
The season accumulates with the holding of Grand National Championships , considered the top event for high school marching .	Pres
The colour guards of France 's military academies tend to wear swords ; those of NCO schools , other educational institutions and active units carry rifles instead .	Pres
French color guards render honors on the command of present arms ( présentez arme ) .	Pres
Given a shared heritage with Austria and Turkey plus its own traditions , the modern Serbian Armed Forces maintains a colour guard component .	Pres
The color guard renders honors when the national anthem is played or sung , when passing in review during a parade , or in certain other circumstances .	Pres
In these cases , the unit and departmental flags salute by dipping ( leaning the flag forward ) .	Pres
However , with the exception of a response to a naval salute , the United States national flag renders no salute .	Pres
In the U.S. military , individuals or units passing or being passed by uncased ( unfurled ) colors render honors when outdoors .	Pres
Sean O ’ Neill currently resides in Liverpool , England .	Pres
It carries the Gainsborough Line which now is a short branch linking in Essex to in Suffolk .	Pres
The film documents the submarine-hunting mission of the RCAF Neptune aircraft on Canada 's Atlantic coastline during the Cold War .	Pres
The exercise concludes with another RCAF Neptune relieving " VN-123 " to return to its base in Nova Scotia .	Pres
" Kirkus Reviews " suggests that the takeaway theme of the novel is that " love ' must always mean bondage ' for women " .	Pres
She also sang " Fuir le bonheur de peur qu 'il ne se sauve " by Serge Gainsbourg as a duet with Maxime Landry .	Pres
The winner , declared conference champion , receives the conference 's automatic bid to the NCAA Men 's Division II Basketball Championship .	Pres
It is striking that the confident nature and tameness is so attached to that colour .	Pres
In high school van Gink was studying in Amsterdam .	Pres
In January 2015 , Wikipedia editors Gamaliel and Go Phightins !	Pres
" The Signpost " publishes stories relating to the Wikipedia community , the Wikimedia Foundation , and other Wikipedia-related projects , and is provided free of charge .	Pres
The Wikipedia community manages the newspaper .	Pres
The organization donates books from its reading lists to soldiers and local communities .	Pres
The company strives to produce ceramics using artisanal techniques in the reproduction of modern and traditional designs .	Pres
It showcases the achievements of the Sèvres Manufactory and European porcelain as well as encapsulating an important turning point in French history .	Pres
He still rehearses his own ballets with the company and supervises his designs .	Pres
A woman soon frees the player-character , and informs them of their task to either conquer India or persuade rival political factions to unite through diplomacy .	Pres
The ratio of CE precursor proteins varies from tissue to tissue .	Pres
It wasn 't until 1900 that the beach became segregated , due in part to pressures by local businesses .	Pres
His grave still exists in the yard of a house in the village of Pythio , next to the Maritsa river .	Pres
The total population constitutes 3,404 males and 3,476 females — a sex ratio of 1021 females per 1000 males .	Pres
It will carries news on issues in fields like politics , crime , corruption , cricket , and Bollywood .	Pres
Nonetheless , Curt Wittlin considers that the date of composition should be between 1387 and 1392 because of two reasons .	Pres
It sits on a square base with a moulded cornice above a rectangular pedestal of six unequal-sized stones .	Pres
He writes for the " Times of Israel " , " The Jerusalem Post " and other news websites .	Pres
“ Rabbi Cardozo brings an unusual - perhaps unique - collection of talents and cultural sensitivities to his sacred work .	Pres
He heads the " Cancer Institute- Division of Medical Oncology and Haemotology " at Medanta The Medicity .	Pres
As Community radio , station focuses on NGO news , contemporary pop music , talk shows and national news .	Pres
He also performs music and spoken word poetry as a solo artist .	Pres
In addition to his poems being an integral part of Trampolene ] as a band , Jones performs spoken-word poetry as a solo artist .	Pres
develops gradually , with bass and drums providing support for Gustafsson 's playing .	Pres
Pairs of one-over-one sash windows flank the front door , which is surrounded by a transom and sidelights .	Pres
Two pedimented gables dominate the second floor of the façade , with similar gables on the rear of the house and a single gable on each side .	Pres
The gold deposits lie above the copper deposits .	Pres
These remains survive as Variscan " islands " between the younger sedimentary rocks of the Mesozoic .	Pres
The winner , declared conference champion , receives the conference 's automatic bid to the NCAA Men 's Division II Basketball Championship .	Pres
The following summarizes the results of the numerous municipal censuses conducted in 2016 .	Pres
For it proves , if proof is needed , that there ’ s nothing stranger than a conventional English family ’ ( Deborah Moggach ) .	Pres
It depicts a girl reading a runestone and a scroll .	Pres
The eggs hatch in three or four weeks .	Pres
It measures approximately long and has towers at the north and south end .	Pres
The tree or mallee typically grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber .	Pres
It blooms between September and May producing white flowers .	Pres
The masks generally resemble the head of an antelope at its base .	Pres
They reside on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City and additionally have a home in Nantucket .	Pres
The mallee typically grows to a height of and has smooth grey-brown to green coloured bark and forms a lignotuber .	Pres
It blooms between October and March producing white to cream coloured flowers .	Pres
Eurovision rules prohibit songs with lyrics that could be interpreted as having " political content " .	Pres
The film depicts actual locations in the Solar System being investigated by human explorers , aided by hypothetical-but-not-absurd potential space technology .	Pres
Another group of adventurers BASE jump off of a cliff on Miranda , the smallest gravitationally-rounded moon orbiting the planet Uranus .	Pres
As the clouds of Saturn cast reflections on her helmet , which conceals her mouth , she smiles in wonder .	Pres
Carl Sagan 's narration concludes as he states :	Pres
Silently , they orbit the Sun , waiting .	Pres
The protest Singh was covering at the time of his death was in reaction to two assaults on women .	Pres
The protesters at Imphal were demanding the arrest of the man who attacked Manipuri actress Momoko at a local high school .	Pres
In 1844 he won the first prize award for painting with religious subject , depicting " Joseph interprets the dreams of the Pharoah 's Eunuchs " .	Pres
The story resonates with the social and cultural transition from communism to democracy and an emotional journey from hatred to love .	Pres
Steady-state verbs express the condition , they express states or results of actions .	Pres
I am sitting ) , bivalent ( e.g .	Pres
I am telling the news to someone with my friend ) .	Pres
This indicates that the subject is changing by doing the verb .	Pres
This indicates that the subject causes change to the object .	Pres
The causative prefix increases the valency of the verb by one and forms a transitive , thus bivalent verbs become trivalent .	Pres
In intransitive verbs it indicate that the action took place , but with no indication as to the duration , instant nor completeness of the action .	Pres
It also carries an implication that the result of the event described no longer holds .	Pres
This tense expresses the following meanings : remote past , anti resultative ( ‘ cancelled ’ result ) , experiential and irrealis conditional .	Pres
This suffix usually expresses some certainty .	Pres
This tense indicates action that will be finished or expected to be finished at a certain time in the future .	Pres
In Adyghe , the positional prefixes are expressing being in different positions and places and can also express the direction of the verb .	Pres
In Adyghe verbs indicate the direction they are directed at .	Pres
In Adyghe , the positional conjugation prefixes in the transitive verbs are indicating the direction of the verb .	Pres
Adyghe also declines nouns into four different cases , each with corresponding suffixes : absolutive , ergative , instrumental , and Adverbial .	Pres
Trial accounts suggest that Tschele 's hands were raised high when the officer shot him .	Pres
Both of these styles resemble the " Man Leading a Giraffe " mosaic , alluding to a connection in location , influence , or both .	Pres
After his wife dies , Roger forces his son Michael to go on a hunting trip in rural Washington with a family friend and Roger 's brother-in-law .	Pres
Most of the actors reprise their roles from the previous installments except Aziz Ansari , whose role as Squint was replaced by Seth Green .	Pres
In the meantime , Sid decides to look after eggs for the owners of them , much to the scorn of Manny and Diego .	Pres
When Manny washes the paint off , a disappointed Scrat throws the egg off a cliff and the gang manage to retrieve it .	Pres
The RBL approach focuses on the resources available to the learners and how the learners interact with these resources .	Pres
In a similar sense , the red cape and crown of thorns satirizes Jesus ' royal claim to Israel .	Pres
The East Fork supports populations of cutthroat trout , steelhead , and Chinook and coho salmon .	Pres
At the onset of Salih 's reign , emirs Shaykhu and Manjak ( Baybugha 's brother ) were released .	Pres
It reflects the popular Queen Anne style in its varied roofline and projected bay windows .	Pres
While finding financing came surprisingly easily for such an unusual script , the biggest challenge was finding someone to cast as the lead .	Pres
The adhesion of gold with the use of heat helps promote interdiffusion with the underlying metals which usually consist silver or copper .	Pres
While it is apparent that age has affected some of the gold leaf surrounding the diadem , it amazingly still retains a majority of the gold .	Pres
The track challenges the driver , the car and the tires .	Pres
When you come to a 1.5-mile track you 're really depending on your car .	Pres
And our 1.5-mile program last year wasn 't where it needed to be .	Pres
Everybody wants to go fast .	Pres
Everybody wants to win races , but now we 've got to execute and make sure we make these fast Fords last . "	Pres
Just the amount of load on the track moves everything a little bit and that little bit was a little bit too much . ”	Pres
We don 't need to cut it close on points .	Pres
I hope the fans enjoyed the show .	Pres
The company also sells its systems to businesses requiring free-roam virtual reality applications .	Pres
The Q5 and Q85 bus routes constitute a public transit corridor running along Merrick Boulevard in Southeastern Queens , New York City , United States .	Pres
These buses reenter service towards Jamaica via Francis Lewis Boulevard and Brookville Boulevard .	Pres
Midday and reverse-peak buses alternate between Rosedale and Green Acres .	Pres
At Francis Lewis Boulevard near the Rosedale LIRR station , the Q85 splits into two branches .	Pres
During all other off-peak periods except late nights , buses alternate between Rosedale and Green Acres .	Pres
The forewings are pale whitish-brown with a broad , suffused , white costal streak , narrow at the base , and not reaching the apex .	Pres
Another plant-like object to the left bears a further flag , possibly French , perhaps symbolising the border between France ( left ) and Spain ( right )	Pres
The ground floor , which is used as a supper room , exhibits a brown dado with hand painted floral frieze .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
By the mid-1960s Wells was experimenting with creating multiple layers in an image by running exposed film back through the camera .	Pres
Its axis runs east west and it faces west and is parallel to Garden Street .	Pres
The entrance opens into a hall that contains a half turn timber stair with landings that rises to the temple on the upper floor .	Pres
Forward of this is seating for the Senior and Junior Deacons and on the left hand side seating for the Senior and Junior Wardens .	Pres
The committee comprises 19 members who are elected based on the principle of equitable geographic distribution as follows :	Pres
The Committee decides to recommend , or not recommend , granting status to the NGO .	Pres
Sidorov 's murder also brings to light the shortcomings of the Russian media and court system .	Pres
Weber Thompson ranks 16th in the 2016 Building Design + Construction 's Top 110 Multifamily Architects List .	Pres
Vaudreuil himself was denouncing the " deplorable state " of New France 's economy to his superiors and had to carefully plan his moves .	Pres
In 1712 , Mother Superior Le Marie des Anges created a contract for 18-year-old Esther 's entry to the convent .	Pres
Players assume the role of the Avatar , as they return to the Stygian Abyss .	Pres
Players assume the role of the Avatar , a human magically transported into the Underworld .	Pres
Facing north , it addresses Ryan Street which runs parallel to , and one block from Gill Street , the main commercial street of Charters Towers .	Pres
From the upper level , the commanding view extends over the nearby houses .	Pres
The Charters Towers Masonic Lodge demonstrates the spread of Freemasonry in regional Queensland .	Pres
Users of the inanimate " whose " employ it as a relative pronoun with non-personal antecedents , as in :	Pres
They employ alternatives such as " of which the " , as in :	Pres
Among his paintings were " Tasso encounters his sister in Sorrento " ( 1847 ) .	Pres
Muhammad Iskandar Sa 'at is pending the capital punishment as of 2016 .	Pres
Rebega expresses his unconditional patriotism and loyalty for national values and Romania 's unitary state principles .	Pres
My research indicates IMR 4064 , Norma 203 and Reloader 15 are all suitable in the same ranges as IMR 3031 .	Pres
The Temple survives as an illustration of the development of Cairns as an important regional centre during the early twentieth century .	Pres
The building 's facade , scale and form ensures its status as a Cairns landmark .	Pres
The Kidnapping Act defines the punishment to be meted out for different scenarios of violations , and serves as an instrument for imprisoning and caning of offenders .	Pres
The Act also prescribes punishment for accomplices and individuals that consort with offenders and kidnappers , such as those that receive ransoms and negotiate for ransoms .	Pres
Among his influences he cites oud player John Berberian and Mickey Baker 's 1959 album " Wildest Guitar " .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 29 arthropod subspecies as vulnerable .	Pres
As of July 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 390 near threatened arthropod species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists six arthropod subspecies as near threatened .	Pres
As of July 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 2875 data deficient arthropod species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 17 arthropod subspecies as data deficient .	Pres
The project is seeking a LEED Silver certification .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 11 mollusc subspecies as critically endangered .	Pres
The IUCN also lists nine mollusc subspecies as endangered .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 18 mollusc subspecies as vulnerable .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 535 near threatened mollusc species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists nine mollusc subspecies as near threatened .	Pres
The IUCN also lists five mollusc subspecies as least concern .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 1988 data deficient mollusc species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 40 mollusc subspecies as data deficient .	Pres
In 2016 after a very long musical hiatus , he creates " In the garden of Eve " .	Pres
Micaela was travelling through US and Mexico and Joaquin was in Chile recording his first solo album " SOLO " .	Pres
The public space Guldbergs Plads with a landscaped playground , is located close to its north end .	Pres
As of July 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 1567 data deficient amphibian species .	Pres
PMI currently supports malaria prevention and control for over 500 million at-risk people in Africa .	Pres
In addition to US-based staff at USAID and CDC headquarters , PMI maintains resident advisors from both agencies in each focus country .	Pres
Philostorgius adds that the Arian theologian Aëtius of Antioch challenged Apthonius to a public debate , and traveled to Alexandria to engage in this .	Pres
) , reads " Coryell Pass , Oregon Trail , 1846 , Erected by Oregon Lewis and Clark Chapter D.A.R. , 1917 " .	Pres
Some of her sculptures portray scenes from the Bible ; she was encouraged by Father Bernie Franzen .	Pres
The IUCN also lists eight fish subspecies as vulnerable .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 548 near threatened fish species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists seven fish subspecies as near threatened .	Pres
Darling Foundry supports different kinds of projects , sometimes highly technological , or risky , but always experimental , and open to the world of possibilities .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 37 fish subspecies as least concern .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 3191 data deficient fish species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 12 fish subspecies as data deficient .	Pres
Oviedo 's statements suggest that if one ultimately chose to join their masters in the afterlife it was a personal choice .	Pres
The remains of fifteen bodies in orderly rows suggests death had occurred before interment , perhaps by poisoning .	Pres
Two methods for which there was evidence was breaking the back or the neck .	Pres
This Regulation establishes the national emblem of the Chechen Republic , their description and order of official use .	Pres
It also incorporates the pre-existing " Old Wheel Inn Shack Site " and the " Point Davenport Shack Site " .	Pres
The IUCN also lists two insect subspecies as critically endangered .	Pres
In a similar fashion a large plaque remembers his baptism in the Basilica de Santa Maria .	Pres
Every single layer here swims together to create an unceasingly fluid song cycle of ebb-and-flow paranoia and pleasure "	Pres
It carries the similar format of Global Conversations , which was cancelled four months later ( August 26 ) .	Pres
The IUCN also lists two reptile subspecies as least concern .	Pres
The film focuses on the concept of heroism , which the director sets out to define and locate .	Pres
Gudur – Renigunta section connects and in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .	Pres
Further , this section connects Howrah-Chennai main line at Gudur and Guntakal – Renigunta section at Renigunta .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 15 insect subspecies as vulnerable .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 12 insect subspecies as least concern .	Pres
As of July 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 1702 data deficient insect species .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 329 near threatened reptile species .	Pres
The IUCN also lists two reptile subspecies as near threatened .	Pres
The IUCN also lists 12 reptile subspecies as critically endangered .	Pres
The IUCN also lists nine reptile subspecies as endangered .	Pres
The IUCN also lists ten reptile subspecies as vulnerable .	Pres
As of September 2016 , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists 910 data deficient reptile species .	Pres
The principal reaction of interest involves the addition of the acetylene to a ketone or aldehyde :	Pres
The reaction proceeds with retention of the triple bond .	Pres
Hydrogenation of these compounds produces anabolic steroids with oral bioavailability , such as Norethandrolone .	Pres
The government is not paying to put sprinklers into older tall buildings though sprinklers are required in new buildings over 30 metres tall .	Pres
Blakeman maintains that the cause of the surges was never solved .	Pres
It also begs a question about what they were actually shown .	Pres
Fire safety experts maintain further that the testing lacks transparency , as the government has not described what tests are being carried out .	Pres
It relies on the assumption that construction standards such as concrete and fire-resistant doors will allow firefighters to contain a fire within one flat .	Pres
and tell people to come out . "	Pres
The discovery that this new cladding has failed fire tests undermines existing testing policy .	Pres
The government is consulting on a possible ban on combustible materials .	Pres
Steve Reed maintains faulty safety regulations were responsible for dangerous cladding being put up on many buildings and maintains the government should pay for replacement .	Pres
'Dozens ' of other buildings in The Netherlands allegedly suffer the same defects .	Pres
If proven , the offence of Gross Negligence Manslaughter carries a maximum life sentence , with a guideline minimum of twelve years .	Pres
He competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .	Pres
He believes that the mental toughness served an important factor in fighting which he was well-trained in this department by his middle school wrestling coach Jim Waters .	Pres
I was expecting to be an underdog , going into somebody ’ s home town .	Pres
Their quota contributes an estimated SDR of 1,153 millions and voting power of 0.24 % .	Pres
According to IMF records , Vietnam is still paying that loan and continues their membership with the IMF .	Pres
Every year or two Vietnam undergoes a cycle staff report based off Article IV Consultation and hold discussions of their economic developments .	Pres
One of the indicators of a country ’ s progress and prosperity reflects on their environment .	Pres
A doctor suggests that stress could be the reason , as Mehru has been unable to adjust to the city squalor and fears crime .	Pres
Mehru realizes that Ali 's neighbours are good people , and the revitalization leads to a news telecast of economic growth and financial stability .	Pres
The politician kidnaps Mehru and demands crore ( 30 million rupees ) ransom from Ali .	Pres
To raise the money , his neighbours sell their apartments to Marzi for a mere lakhs ( 1 million rupees ) .	Pres
Some time later , Ali and Mehru welcome their baby to a safe and clean neighbourhood .	Pres
As with similar greenhoods , the flowering plants differ from those which are not flowering .	Pres
Initially the band had been practicing in a vacant building , but by March 1917 they had earned enough to commission their own band hall .	Pres
Most of the restaurants utilize existing delivery services .	Pres
Some companies incorporate their own delivery system into the business model , like the New York-based company Maple .	Pres
But she dies for some reason .	Pres
He joins a drama troupe .	Pres
But Vasantha pleads with him that she is innocent and why he should punish her for her mother 's faults .	Pres
Even today , Yureeka actively flies anywhere around the world from Nanjing to Schloss Mauensee to discover and appreciate artworks .	Pres
Essentially , Braxton puts every jazz influence that came his way during his musical upbringing in the boiler and distillates a powerful ersatz .	Pres
Gameplay progresses by the player keeping all items they have collected during each of their sixty second lives .	Pres
It is currently expanding its operation in Karnataka , Odisha , Jharkhand , Uttarakhand and Northeastern states .	Pres
" So You Think You Can Dance ( U.S. season 14 )	Pres
So You Think You Can Dance , an American dance competition show , returned for its fourteenth season on Monday , June 12 , 2017 .	Pres
After being court martialled for indisciplinary action , Surya 's godfather ( Rao Ramesh ) requests Shrivastav to give Surya a final chance .	Pres
Upon meeting , Surya and Raju refuse to acknowledge each other , and Raju questions Surya 's personal life .	Pres
Raju then reveals about Surya to the entire university .	Pres
He keeps quiet about this , as he learns from the society .	Pres
Meanwhile , Surya reconciles with his father , returns to his family , makes up with Varsha , and seemingly has won the challenge .	Pres
However , he addresses his mistake publicly and refuses to take the signature .	Pres
Surya fears that Anwar may follow a wrong path , and both he and Challa set off on a mission to recover Anwar .	Pres
Surya receives Raju 's signature , and a few months later is shown to be standing at the border hoisting the Indian Flag .	Pres
The film marks the debut of Vamsi as a director .	Pres
Only moves involving Primeira Liga clubs are listed .	Pres
In the original newspaper version the mother learns about the boys ' plans and they decide to " postpone their trip to America till better times . "	Pres
Volodya Korolyov , a second-form gymnasium student , arrives home for Christmas holidays , causing uproar and joy in the house .	Pres
A search , made throughout the village , brings no result , and the family is desperate .	Pres
With her aristocratic looks , she was however less successful as " Carmen " .	Pres
He sounds a bit like a looser , less organized Don Pullen , beginning his solos inside the changes but inevitably working them into freer territory .	Pres
On Earth , the latter believes he feels her presence ) .	Pres
The performance lasts some twenty minutes .	Pres
Empirical research suggests the following factors to influence the decision to shoot :	Pres
These experiences reinforce their existing prejudices by ignoring that most people with a non-white ethnic background don 't become criminals .	Pres
Internal investigations usually don 't lead to punishments .	Pres
You awake after hundreds of years of sleep in the world of Ez ’ rat Qin - once a mighty civilisation , now a crumbled ruin .	Pres
You roam the abandoned lands with no memory of your past .	Pres
She portrays Tina , best friend of Rachel ( played by Kris Bernal ) in the 2018 afternoon series " Asawa Ko , Karibal Ko " .	Pres
The Evangelical Christians belong to the Dietrich Bonhoeffer community .	Pres
He heads the Reforms Delivery Office under the Prime Minister of Ukraine .	Pres
In 2015 , he heads the Secretariat of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine ( Parliament of Ukraine ) .	Pres
Domboshaba ruins is a cultural and heritage site in Botswana originally occupied towards the end of the Great Zimbabwe period ( 1250 – 1450 AD ) .	Pres
The event comprises distinguished guests from different backgrounds to come and witness the culture and tradition of Kalanga people .	Pres
As with similar orchids , the flowering plants differ from those which are not flowering .	Pres
The northern cobra greenhood grows in forest on the higher parts of the Atherton Tableland .	Pres
The Encyclopaedia of Life lists the following species :	Pres
As a professional speaker , Lyons delivers talks in the US and abroad on how to achieve goals , pursue a passion , and improve personality .	Pres
Von Gröningseck is flirting with the mother , but in fact has an eye on her 18-year-old daughter .	Pres
He stuns Mrs. Humbrecht by means of a sleeping powder mixed into the wine and then rapes Evchen in a chamber .	Pres
Until then , Evchen assures him she will keep the night 's events secret .	Pres
Shortly before von Gröningseck 's expected return , Evchen receives a letter , supposedly by the lieutenant , in which he revokes his marriage promise .	Pres
Evchen anonymously enters the service of washerwoman Mrs. Marthan .	Pres
With Mrs. Marthan gone , Evchen kills the hungry screaming child with a sewing needle .	Pres
Evchen expects the death penalty , which she wants to accept as a child and supposed mother murderer .	Pres
During Evchen 's first fits of gloom , Master Humbrecht mentions that her new favorite book has become Edward Young 's Night-Thoughts in the French translation .	Pres
Far from seeking common ground , Canals seeks to demonstrate robustness of Aquinas ’ opus as capable of confronting and overcoming perceived limitations of modern thought .	Pres
The chiaroscuro shapes the figure of Mary and the tones ( especially the blues and greens ) are graded so as to give depth to the landscape .	Pres
The Antwerp version replaces the Prado version 's background scene of the Flight into Egypt with a scene of Joseph and the donkey resting .	Pres
But actually , Ryukyu was lagging in the quality of their physicians .	Pres
The Darién National Park protects a large area of the ecoregion .	Pres
Hakata catches balls and throws on his left .	Pres
AOBiome is testing the hypothesis that by increasing local and systemic nitric oxide levels , this bacteria has both anti-inflammatory and anti-infective properties .	Pres
Putin explains that he attended law school in the Soviet Union straight out of high school .	Pres
However , he acknowledges that he hoped to get this particular job .	Pres
He also thinks that the West must understand that today 's Russia cannot function exactly as the West does , already .	Pres
Putin also explains his views on NATO , and cannot see any reason to why this military alliance has grown after the fall of Communism in Europe .	Pres
Stone asks , " What about if an FSB employee had done something similar ?	Pres
" , and Putin replies " To spy on ones own allies , really is very dirty . "	Pres
Metacritic , a review aggregator that weights its scores differently , presents a more mixed response with a " mixed or average " review score of 54 .	Pres
As an industrial estate developer , Jababeka creates an industry-based township through developing industrial , residential , commercial property , leisure , infrastructure and estate management service .	Pres
It lays on a 1,400 hectares land and consists of around 50,000 housing units catering for all social strata as it comprises various types of residential clusters .	Pres
Besides the power plant and the dry port , Jababeka develops water treatment plant units as well as waste water management .	Pres
As of 2017 Jababeka employs more than 700,000 workers and 10,000 expatriates in order to support the creation of employment opportunities in Indonesia .	Pres
She specializes in introducing agile methodologies to organizations .	Pres
Indonesian government targets one million visits to Tanjung Lesung SEZ .	Pres
Better education and training also opens up wide opportunity for the locals to fill the positions in and around the facilities of Tanjung Lesung .	Pres
Theoretically , CDP integration with Tanjung Priok contributes directly to reduction of road congestion by 30 percent .	Pres
This contribution in turns generates fuel consumption efficiency estimated at 190 billion rupiahs per year .	Pres
The route expands from Tanjung Priok Port to CDP and will be utilized as a new transportation alternative .	Pres
As CDP offers services in cargo handling and logistics , it deals much with the customs .	Pres
He discovers the black costume creates its own webbing and can disguise itself as street clothes according to his mental commands .	Pres
Spider-Man stops Rose 's henchmen , then raids Rose 's warehouse prompting Rose to hire Puma to kill Spider-Man .	Pres
Puma decides not to continue the fight until Spider-Man has healed .	Pres
When he wakes , Spider-Man realizes the black costume is leaving him tired .	Pres
Fantastic removes it from Spider-Man 's body with a sonic blaster and locks it in a containment cell .	Pres
Meanwhile , Rose hires the Hobgoblin to attack the Osborn Corporation and Spider-Man wears his old red-and-blue costume to stop him .	Pres
It disguises itself in such a way that Spider-Man puts it on again .	Pres
The symbiote flees the loud sounds and Spider-Man believes it is destroyed .	Pres
It trumps factors like the qualifications that someone gets and their behaviour at 16 as reported by the mother .	Pres
Researchers specify that people in both their 20s and 70s are happier than during midlife , although the extent of happiness changes at different rates .	Pres
The activity restriction model of depressed affect suggests that stressors that disrupt traditional activities of daily life can lead to a decrease in mental health .	Pres
Increases in scheduled activity as well as social support can decrease the chances of activity restriction .	Pres
Languishing adults miss as many days at work as depressed adults and , in fact , visit doctors and therapists more than depressed adults .	Pres
Three to six months after the intervention , the effects for subjective well-being and psychological well-being were still significant , so effects seem fairly sustainable .	Pres
The interventions called " Gratitude Journaling " and " Three Good Things " seem to operate via gratitude .	Pres
Positive psychology seeks to inform clinical psychology of the potential to expand its approach , and of the merit of the possibilities .	Pres
If instead an individual experiences a depressive period but recovers from an incident and returns to their normal level of psychological functioning , they are demonstrating resilience .	Pres
This suggests that in PTG , the trauma acts as a turning point for the person to achieve greater well-being .	Pres
Using PTG to focus on victims ' strengths and instances of overcoming adversity encourages readers to implement similar ideals in their own lives .	Pres
PERMA helps journalists ask the right questions to continue that progress by bringing the focus of a potentially negative story to the positives and solutions .	Pres
Brown and colleagues insist there is no evidence for the critical positivity ratio whatsoever .	Pres
Efforts to increase positive emotions will not automatically result in decreased negative emotions , nor will decreased negative emotions necessarily result in increased positive emotions .	Pres
Evidence suggests negative emotions can be damaging .	Pres
Both lab and survey research substantiate that positive emotions help people under stress to return to a preferable , healthier physiological baseline .	Pres
The broaden-and-build theory of positive emotions suggests positive emotions ( e.g .	Pres
It comprises four parts : goodness , generativity , growth , and resilience ( Fredrickson , 2005 ) .	Pres
Two contrasting ideologies are languishing and psychopathology .	Pres
The study findings suggest there is room for adults to improve as less than 20 percent of Americans are living a flourishing life .	Pres
" Happiness " encompasses different emotional and mental phenomena .	Pres
Alternatively , volunteers complete detailed diary entries each morning about the day before .	Pres
A discrepancy arises when researchers compare the results of these short-term " experience sampling " methods , with long-term appraisals .	Pres
we mostly remember the dramatic parts of a vacation , and how it was at the end ) play a large role .	Pres
Thus , Kahneman was appealing to the remembering self 's tendency to focus on the end of the experience .	Pres
Humans exhibit a variety of abilities .	Pres
Daniel Kahneman explains : " they are not paraplegic full time ...	Pres
Specifically , Lyubomirsky suggests that 30 – 40 % of the difference in happiness levels is due to genetics ( i.e .	Pres
Whether or not a person manages to elevate their baseline to the heights of their genetic possibilities depends partly on several factors , including actions and habits .	Pres
Some happiness-boosting habits seem to include gratitude , appreciation , and even altruistic behavior .	Pres
Another suggestion of how to increase one 's happiness is through a procedure called " Hope Training . "	Pres
Hope Training is primarily focused on hope due to the belief that hope drives the positive emotions of well-being .	Pres
Philip Zimbardo suggests we might also analyze happiness from a " time perspective " .	Pres
Immediate feedback guides one 's action , 3 .	Pres
Arguably , some people pursue ineffective shortcuts to feeling good .	Pres
One of these , A Pleasant Life , involves good feelings about the past , present , and future .	Pres
The pleasure one feels from alcohol is known as somatic pleasure , which is immediate but a short lived sensory delight .	Pres
Happiness does however seem to have a protective impact on immunity .	Pres
Even at the same level of smoking , drinking , exercise , and sleep , happier people seem to live longer .	Pres
Hope is a powerful positive feeling , linked to a learned style of goal-directed thinking .	Pres
However , financial stress often manifests itself in physical and emotional difficulties that lead to increased healthcare costs and reduced productivity .	Pres
People overestimate the influence of wealth by 100 % .	Pres
This finding suggests money does not cause long-term happiness ( 1978 ) .	Pres
Adults who live with parents also tend to have poorer levels of well-being .	Pres
These are all referring to the Big Five personality traits model of personality .	Pres
An emotionally stable ( the opposite of Neurotic ) personality correlates well with happiness .	Pres
Recent research suggests there is a happiness gene , the 5-HTT gene .	Pres
They feel there is meaning to their past and present life , and hold beliefs that continue to give their life purpose .	Pres
The University of Pennsylvania 's Positive Psychology Center explains : " Psychology ’ s concern with remedying human problems is understandable and should certainly not be abandoned .	Pres
Terror management theory maintains that people suffer cognitive dissonance ( anxiety ) when they are reminded of their inevitable death .	Pres
Luke Galen also supports terror management theory as a partial explanation of the above findings .	Pres
Seligman writes : " Unlike money , which has at most a small effect , marriage is robustly related to happiness ...	Pres
One team of researcher from Northwestern University who summarised the literature in 2013 , identifies that this trend does not reverse throughout the marital period .	Pres
In other words , the lack of positive support and validation increases the risk for divorce .	Pres
Attachment theory stresses the importance of support and care giving in a relationship for the development of trust and security .	Pres
Folk wisdom suggests a child brings partners closer ; research has found couples actually become less satisfied after the birth of the first child .	Pres
The research concludes that parents who want their children to experience eudaimonia must firstly themselves " mentor " their children in the approaches to attain eudaimonia .	Pres
Overall , the results suggest happiness can spread through a population like a virus .	Pres
Having a best friend buffers one 's negative life experiences .	Pres
Based on research findings , Zak recommends : people hug others more often to get into the habit of feeling trust .	Pres
Research suggests neither a good education nor a high IQ reliably increases happiness .	Pres
White 's Every Child Matters initiative seeks to enhance children 's well-being across the range of children 's services .	Pres
As a basic building block to a better existence , positive psychology aims to improve the quality of experiences .	Pres
According to Clifton and Rath ninety nine out of one hundred people prefer the influence of positive people .	Pres
Some children respond well to the use of rewards for positive behavior , while others evidence negative effects .	Pres
The results seem to depend on the person .	Pres
Positive Youth Development focuses on the promotion of healthy development rather than viewing youth as prone to problems needing to be addressed .	Pres
As with the related cognate terms ' wealth ' and ' welfare ' , economics sources often contrast the state with its opposite .	Pres
Empirical evidence indicates that there are fundamental differences in the ways well-being is construed in Western and non-Western cultures , including the Islamic and East Asian cultures .	Pres
While religion is often formalised and community-oriented , spirituality tends to be individually based and not as formalised .	Pres
Spiritual well-being addresses this human need for transcendence and involves social as well as existential well-being .	Pres
Currently , most research on spirituality examines ways in which spirituality can help in times of crisis .	Pres
Research is lacking in spirituality but it is necessary because spirituality can assist in enhancing the experiences of the uncontrollable parts of life .	Pres
Some evidence suggests sunnier climates do not predict happiness .	Pres
She wonders whether the act of tuning a lute used to have a meaning that is now lost on us .	Pres
His fellow Liberal MP , Peter Bessell , keeps Norman silent for the time being with small amounts of money .	Pres
Norman also requests a new National Insurance card from Thorpe , but his request is denied since it would link Thorpe to Norman .	Pres
Caroline dies in 1970 , after swerving into on-coming traffic .	Pres
Thorpe considers having him killed , but the plans are postponed multiple times .	Pres
In 1973 , Thorpe marries Marion Stein , Countess of Harewood , and continues to climb the political ladder .	Pres
Unfortunately , Thorpe encounters Norman by chance , panics , and tells David Holmes ( an old friend from Oxford ) to arrange for Norman 's murder .	Pres
Thorpe decides to preemptively publish the two letters himself with his own version of events , and resigns as Leader of the Liberal Party in May 1976 .	Pres
Thorpe hires George Carmen , a merciless lawyer , to defend him .	Pres
The end credits of the miniseries note that Thorpe never holds another public office again .	Pres
Thorpe dies nine months later .	Pres
The miniseries comprises three 56-minute episodes .	Pres
In this book , mental health professionals examine that claim .	Pres
They define Trump 's behavior in terms of psychiatric disease , such as narcissistic personality disorder .	Pres
DB Station & Service assigns it to category 2 .	Pres
Its northern exit no longer exists .	Pres
The use of the term ‘ Protocol ’ reflects the forensic medicine element of the document rather than its legal status .	Pres
The Minnesota Protocol aims to protect the right to life by promoting effective investigation of potentially unlawful death or suspected enforced disappearance .	Pres
The Minnesota Protocol applies to investigations of all “ potentially unlawful death ” .	Pres
The Protocol also establishes standards for what it calls the ‘ Elements and Principles of Investigations ’ , broadly that they should be	Pres
The Protocol establishes that a set of operational and tactical processes for the investigation should also be designed .	Pres
In general , the Protocol establishes in various places the requirement of professional ethics for investigators , including forensic doctors .	Pres
" Why We Want You to Be Rich	Pres
The book discusses American economic problems including the middle-class squeeze , economic globalization , and the national debt of the United States .	Pres
The authors advise the reader to gain financial literacy and delve into entrepreneurship .	Pres
Trump and Kiyosaki criticize mutual funds and advocate real estate investing as a way to build wealth .	Pres
" Why We Want You to Be Rich " notes in the introduction it is not intended as a technical manual with specific recommendations .	Pres
Trump and Kiyosaki advise that these problems create opportunity for investors in the form of a future social class in the United States with only two tiers .	Pres
The authors criticize those who wish to save money by being thrifty .	Pres
Trump recounts a story about a friend who would always fly in first class no matter his financial straits , " he needed it mentally .	Pres
" Why We Want You to Be Rich " imparts personal finance advice to the reader from Trump 's real estate background and Kiyosaki 's investing experiences .	Pres
The book educates the reader about the " Cashflow Quadrant " theory , classifying individuals into categories of investor , self-employed , business owner , or employee .	Pres
The authors explain the advantages and disadvantages of each category .	Pres
Kiyosaki advocates financial literacy , and Trump cites historical case studies from his real estate career .	Pres
Kiyosaki criticizes those who ascribe to modern portfolio theory and invest in mutual funds .	Pres
Instead , the book recommends investing in multi-level marketing companies , which are given a chapter in the work .	Pres
He argues that by taking out loans from a bank , one can leverage real estate investing to higher returns .	Pres
Trump and Kiyosaki recommend more of their books and educational presentations in the book .	Pres
" Why We Want You to be Rich " included work from writers Meredith McIver and Sharon Lechter .	Pres
A peacekeeping force called " Mission Interafricaine de Surveillance des Accords de Bangui " ( MISAB ) was established to supervise the accord .	Pres
Her 1932 diary also retells the relationships and activities of a group of young women , which Palmer calls " the mob " .	Pres
In her London diaries , she relates a relationship with a woman " B " which may have continued over a five-year period .	Pres
It grows a full inch a day , and so vigorous . "	Pres
When a conidium or blastospore of " Isaria fumosorosea " lands on a suitable host , it produces enzymes to penetrate the insect 's cuticle .	Pres
A germ tube then grows into the haemocoel and the fungus proliferates inside the insect ’ s body .	Pres
This suggests that the use of blastospores rather than conidia for the development of formulations would be advantageous .	Pres
The fungus neither grows nor develops at temperatures above 32 ° C and is not thought to be pathogenic to humans .	Pres
The Baptism of Christ or the Jan des Trompes Triptych is an altarpiece painted between 1502 and 1508 by the Flemish painter Gerard David .	Pres
HMRC is implementing the initiative and is working closely with accounting software developers to ensure that taxpayers are able to make the switch to digital tax .	Pres
The news agency mainly focuses on national and Eurasian news .	Pres
Since 2008 the news agency belongs to the holding company Arna-Media .	Pres
The play chronicles the rise and fall of Greenwood , a black community in Tulsa , Oklahoma .	Pres
The cases differ most substantially in the character of the plaintiffs .	Pres
The Quadrangle publishes weekly on Tuesdays during the academic year at Manhattan College .	Pres
The Editor-in-Chief then selects club members to fill out the rest of the board .	Pres
The Editor-in-Chief also appoints at least one managing editor .	Pres
Furthermore , it enables research about citizens ’ evaluation of democratic institutions and processes .	Pres
In conjunction with national election study collaborators , the CSES Secretariat administers the CSES project .	Pres
The Secretariat , furthermore , maintains the CSES website , promotes the project , provides support to the user community , and organizes conferences and project meetings .	Pres
CSES also maintains an active social media presence on Twitter ( @ csestweets ) and on Facebook .	Pres
The project maintains a blog which provides a glimpse into the work of the CSES project and its associated scholars and user community .	Pres
The CSES Bibliography cites scholarly publications and presentations known to utilize the CSES .	Pres
Khayyam Street intersects Imam Khomeini Street at its northern terminus and Shoosh Street at its southern terminus .	Pres
It carries 2 railway tracks & a footpath over the confluence .	Pres
Pine scrub is encroaching from neighbouring plantations .	Pres
A young Tartar , whose name nobody knows , is homesick , he longs for his wife and loathes the cold and cruel world around him .	Pres
Tolkovy relates the story of Vasily Sergeyevich , a nobleman , whose life here in exile was full of desires , frustrations and downfalls .	Pres
Next to him he feels a superior being : having killed in himself all desires , he now is free and happy .	Pres
The young Tartar passionately disagrees .	Pres
The Predators shut out the Avalanche in game six , with Rinne stopping all 22 shots he faced in a 5 – 0 victory .	Pres
Duncan also recounts her transition from writing short stories and poems for magazines to writing her first books .	Pres
Stamina determines a player 's ability to sprint .	Pres
Health drops when a player is attacked or injured , often by falling .	Pres
At zero health they die and respawn , either randomly or at their bed if they have one , with no inventory .	Pres
The disguise drains power as the player moves , but not when they are standing still .	Pres
Completing the game unlocks an " original game plus " mode , where the player has access to some powers featured in " Dishonored 2 " .	Pres
Billie Lurk wakes aboard her ship , the Dreadful Wale , having a recurring nightmare regarding her right arm and eye .	Pres
Daud surmises that the blade will allow Billie to kill the Outsider .	Pres
Billie then infiltrates the Royal Conservatory , where she finds the documents .	Pres
They detail the location of a Void portal at an abandoned mine outside Karnaca .	Pres
The Cult members discuss occult sciences while marveling at the Void creatures walking about near the dig site .	Pres
Billie learns from their notes that the Mark of the Outsider is actually his name , written in an esoteric script that only the dead can read .	Pres
Adults emerge in late spring , and after mating , the female lays eggs on the previous year 's needles .	Pres
Older larvae construct their own individual tubes .	Pres
The Pasteur Institute of India produces DPT vaccine and rabies vaccine for the Expanded Program on Immunization in India .	Pres
He teaches and researches 3D printing and other artistic ways of rethinking the relationship between humans and computers .	Pres
He also collaborates with poets , programmers , and artists on digital art projects such as " The ChessBard " and " Loss Sets " .	Pres
Sanjay denies the allegations , and also denies claims that the local people are not being looked after by the family in the manner that is customary .	Pres
Article II designates the President as the " Commander in Chief " .	Pres
The following map displays the location of teams .	Pres
In the middle of the tenth season El Pollo Alvarez abandons the driving entering in its place Juani Martinez to pair with Fernandez	Pres
The kundong propagates through seeds that take around six months to germinate .	Pres
The tree grows quickly and once planted can produce fruit in as little as 4 years .	Pres
This species reaches a length of SL .	Pres
He 's calling me his easiest fight , he 's saying stuff online .	Pres
The fighters had been calling each other out on social media over the months before the fight was finally signed .	Pres
He wasn 't very effective in a fullback role and was released on November 18 , to make room for Roosevelt Potts .	Pres
Dotson owns a concrete business in White House , Tennessee where he also resides .	Pres
The title of the book translates to " Is there so " .	Pres
The main suspects in his murder are RAF members Barbara and Horst Ludwig Meyer but there is no evidence .	Pres
Their Chinese names mean Canadian Hope ( Jia Panpan ) and Canadian Joy ( Jia Yueyue ) .	Pres
Primarily a right-arm fast bowler , he also bats right handed .	Pres
[ She doesn 't ] need to talk about that in [ her ] songs " , concluding that she needed " escape " .	Pres
In his frustration with Laura , Joel inserts an f-bomb into the lyrics , surprising listeners who regarded Joel simply as a balladeer .	Pres
These mines later sank 4 Soviet submarines ( " S-34 " , " L-24 " , " Shch-210 " and " Shch-211 " ) .	Pres
These mines sank the Soviet submarine " Shch-212 " on 11 December that same year .	Pres
She measures long overall and has a beam of and a working draft of .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place	Pres
A plaque recalls the former church .	Pres
It lasts for three minutes and 14 seconds and has a tempo of 122 BPM .	Pres
Umuzilikazi Road marks the neighborhood 's southern border .	Pres
The video concludes with Spears screen-testing her would-be costars in a series of steamy sequences . "	Pres
It links the major shopping street Købmagergade in the west with Pilestræde in the east .	Pres
In addition to their role as chloride channels some CLCA proteins function as adhesion molecules and may also have roles as tumour suppressors .	Pres
It attracts artists and art lovers from all over Karnataka .	Pres
At the 2013 McDonald 's Queensland Multi Class Championships , she swam in 11 events and won seven gold and four silver medals .	Pres
He also coaches at Football University .	Pres
The results suggest that KTN is inherently flexible , undergoing a large conformational change through a hinge motion .	Pres
The KTN domains of Kef channels interact dynamically with the transporter .	Pres
The KTN conformation then controls permease activity .	Pres
Since 2013 , she is presenting her own show on SVT called " När livet vänder " , the fourth series started airing in March 2016 .	Pres
Tiraboschi mentions that he is also called " il Meloncino " or " il Carpigianino " .	Pres
The straggly and prickly shrub typically grows to a height of .	Pres
It blooms from September to October and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
Whether informal or structured as a discourse between select individuals or small groups with an audience , debates often occur with an audience .	Pres
The rectangular ( bifurcated ) seating configuration comprises two opposing rows of seats or benches facing towards a central aisle which bisects the room .	Pres
A hybrid of the bifurcated and semi-circular seating configurations combines a central aisle with a curved end at one end facing the focal point ( e.g .	Pres
The erect and loose shrub typically grows to a height of .	Pres
It blooms from August to November and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
Natalia Z. Zazulina argues that " Benedict XV knew classical literature very well " , and views this encycliclal as an expression of his love for it .	Pres
A man rides a scooter along with a cat-kappa creature and a box which holds a man with crab claws .	Pres
The man in the box beheads one of the officers , while castrating the other , and they run and hide in a house .	Pres
The officers chase them in a police car until they crash when outmaneuvered .	Pres
With great difficulty Dasha 's father manages to persuade the ambitious groom to propose .	Pres
The groom agrees , putting the condition of compulsory attendance of the General at the wedding .	Pres
This paintings on the two long walls demonstrate that these have remained intact since the time of the earliest of the paintings .	Pres
The USGS shake map for this event shown on this page depicts the extent of the rupture area as a rectangle .	Pres
The numbers of fatalities and injured calculated theoretically , based on the damage map shown here , agrees well with the reported numbers .	Pres
Large cities tend to have buildings more resistant to shaking than villages , therefore the damage is less for city dwellers than for villagers , on average .	Pres
Cells4Life advocates blood collection after the is complete .	Pres
A phlebotomist , who was waiting in an adjacent room , drains the placenta and umbilical cord of the blood .	Pres
There also exists systems to create custom weapons using materials gathered from quests , levelling up skills , and adding abilities .	Pres
We feel residents of this city [ sic ] .	Pres
Could we count on support and advice on where else we could settle down ?	Pres
which , according to the ERRC , " aspires to coordinate a targeted programme of demolition aimed at Roma settlements by defining them as waste dumps " .	Pres
Issues of water affordability for some residents persist , and the lack of reliable access has been documented as an ongoing fire hazard .	Pres
In contrast to nearby Muchaceve , which receives water services 24 hours a day , the Romani settlement only receives water for four hours a day .	Pres
The city of Chop , as of 2016 , is currently experiencing a dispute involving the Ukrainian national railway company , Ukrainian Railways .	Pres
The state-owned corporation owns the entire water distribution infrastructure of Chop , and is responsible for its maintenance .	Pres
In 2015 , Romani refugees in Kharkiv from Sloviansk were reportedly directed to live in severely damaged , previously abandoned housing with no water or electricity .	Pres
In Pata Rât , Cluj County , Romani persons scavenge from a dump as their primary source of income .	Pres
The plant also emits toxic gases , where warning signs posted surrounding the site explicitly state " Attention !	Pres
In the poorest section of Fakulteta , Glavova mahala , only one water outlet exists for 200 families .	Pres
The consequences of this lack of access to water and sanitation are devastating for these communities .	Pres
They collect the water in jerry cans to haul back to their homes .	Pres
As of 2007 , close to 1,000 persons in Belgrade were inhabiting the Romani settlement of Deponija ( which means " dumping site " in Serbian ) .	Pres
A similar situation exists in a Romani settlement in Tetovo , where there is no clean water , electricity or sewerage , and high rates of disease .	Pres
We understand the need to be sensitive about green belt development but this should not be used to single out individuals for unlawful discrimination .	Pres
But we never seem to get any directions to a place that is .	Pres
Bush & Co essential oils distillery adjacent to ' Redskin Village ' , killing a twelve year-old boy and seriously injuring twenty-three others .	Pres
As of August 2017 , inquests into the fire deaths are currently underway , and survivors have called for a full inquiry into the tragedy .	Pres
It constitutes the largest shantytown in Western Europe .	Pres
In a video interview with Mario De Biase , Government Commissioner for Reclaims ( Land Reclamation ) , De Biase discusses the issue of toxic gases :	Pres
Efforts to relocate the community to a site with healthier conditions in Kikidi have encountered opposition from residents there .	Pres
In the summer we slave away in greenhouses at temperatures up to sixty degrees Celsius . "	Pres
I expect support from the Bangladeshi embassy .	Pres
Sweden faces persistent issues regarding non-provision of environmental means of sustenance to persons who have recently arrived from Eastern Europe .	Pres
The White Paper concludes that Roma in Sweden in the 20th century and still currently , remain ' subjected to anti-Gypsyism . '	Pres
Romani in Turkey " suffer much higher levels of ill-health , have poorer housing , and higher incidences of discrimination on the basis of their ethnicity . "	Pres
In Bayramiç , conflicts over the processing , handling , and transport of timber were commonplace among locals .	Pres
Espiritu expands on the social implications of historical dispossession , writing	Pres
Ms Sovkina thinks the authorities are worried the Sami will assert their right to self-determination , and to their share of the natural resources . "	Pres
According to Donahoe , The idea was that , by protecting folklore , they would also be protecting the environment within which the folklore was embedded .	Pres
Companies , who are happy to employ cheap migrant labor , and to save on their accommodation , are often facilitating this process .	Pres
It borders the Saint-Petersburg-Moscow railway line and the household waste dump . "	Pres
Historians dismiss , and even ridicule , this characterisation .	Pres
Picaper labels it as a " self-panegyric " , while Large uses the words " extravagant fantasies about [ Waffen-SS 's ] past and future " .	Pres
MacKenzie highlights the long-term effects of HIAG 's revisionism :	Pres
Smelser and Davies contend that the following websites , among others , are especially attractive to this group :	Pres
( ... ) It sends a shiver up my spine to think that people want to dress up and play SS on the weekend " .	Pres
Taleb Group manages the school .	Pres
8293 , otherwise known as The Intellectual Property Code of the Philippines lays down the rules and regulations that grant , and enforce patents in the Philippines .	Pres
8293 or the " Intellectual Property Code of the Philippines " , however there exists multiple amendments towards certain articles in this law .	Pres
The treaty strives to increase cooperation between the two countries by increasing the opportunities for mutual economic growth by promoting and facilitating investment opportunities .	Pres
An examiner checks if the applicant has fulfilled all the formal requirements needed for the grant of a filing date .	Pres
If not , the examiner refuses the application .	Pres
It removes the need for applicants and IP agents to go to the IPOPHL to file trademark applications .	Pres
Under the IPOPHL , the Bureau of Patents handles the screening of patent applications and the subsequent granting of these patents .	Pres
It also handles the registration of utility model , industrial design , and integrated circuit , and the publications of these patents .	Pres
The seeming absence of any other case being used to translate this preposition lends support to this conjecture .	Pres
He cites YouTube as helping to jump start his career .	Pres
He coaches in Sehwag Cricket Academy in Jammu .	Pres
He rewards her effort with a strange golden coin .	Pres
As the days progress , Sasha carries out other acts for which she receives more coins from Kozhennikov .	Pres
As summer ends , her domineering mentor directs her to move to a remote village and use her gold to enter the Institute of Special Technologies .	Pres
Though she does not want to go to this unknown town or school , she also feels it ’ s the only place she should be .	Pres
Yet despite her fear , Sasha undergoes changes that defy the dictates of matter and time ; experiences which are nothing she has ever dreamed of .	Pres
The hindwings are pale whitish ochreous , the posterior half suffused with pale brownish .	Pres
" Before My Heart Finds Out	Pres
" Before My Heart Finds Out " is a 1978 single and hit song by Gene Cotton .	Pres
She marries him , defying her parents .	Pres
After arriving at a posh mansion , they don masks , pull out pistols , and kidnap Emma , who fights back .	Pres
As they subdue her , Max shoots a neighbor who comes over to investigate , angering Jack , who did not want to resort to violence .	Pres
Emma , who Max knocked unconscious , wakes while a third conspirator , Shane , is unmasked .	Pres
When Shane uses Max 's real name , the others exasperatedly remove their masks , reasoning that their cover has been blown .	Pres
She reveals she has not spoken to her father in several years and calls her kidnappers incompetent amateurs .	Pres
Shane , Jack 's war buddy from Iraq , drives them to a motel , where they stash Emma .	Pres
After executing the remaining hit man , he quickly gathers the others , and they flee the motel .	Pres
Before they can reach the agreed upon checkpoint , a cop stops them .	Pres
Max , suspicious that the cop is on to them , murders him , causing Shane to believe that Max is an unreliable psychopath .	Pres
When they next stop , Shane , unnerved by Max 's confession , secretly proposes an alliance with Emma .	Pres
Emma draws Jack and Max out of the van when she says she must urinate , and Shane searches the vehicle for a weapon .	Pres
Max taunts Shane and says that it takes a psychopath to recognize one ; Shane agrees , and pulls the trigger .	Pres
Max taunts him further when it becomes obvious Shane did not load the weapon .	Pres
Enraged , Shane stabs Max to death , then explains to Jack that Max attacked him .	Pres
As Emma becomes increasingly nervous , he grows more aggressive , eventually revealing that he is a serial rapist .	Pres
As he prepares to assault her , she fights back and wounds him with a power tool left in the van .	Pres
After Shane stabs her in retaliation , Jack reappears after Emma kills Shane .	Pres
Emma drives to the checkpoint , where she meets with her father and explains that she has killed all the kidnappers herself .	Pres
When she demands an explanation from her father , he finally admits to killing Jack 's father and Emma 's mother .	Pres
Bloodied and injured , Emma pushes Jack 's body from the van and drives off .	Pres
The Montreal Museum of Fine Arts also owns one of his paintings .	Pres
XHBV carries a full service format known as Radio Alegría .	Pres
XHEJE carries a full service format known as Radio Reyna .	Pres
Veera grows into a teenager and decides to leave the village and head to Trichy in search of a job and a better life .	Pres
Due to his hard work and loyalty , the owner promotes him as a roomboy in a lodge .	Pres
Veera decides to help Sumathi and gains a liking for her .	Pres
The movie revolves around how he helps her and tries to become her better half and a better person despite having been born of bad circumstances .	Pres
XHAF carries the @ FM contemporary hit radio format from Grupo Radiorama .	Pres
Davidoff acknowledges that “ conflict keeps people honest ”	Pres
It comprises a warehouse to the rear .	Pres
Grande premiered " Everyday " on Beats 1 on May 13 , 2016 , a week ahead of the release of " Dangerous Woman " .	Pres
Grande illustrates a steamy love affair and lathers on flirtation .	Pres
He warns her that unless she returns his ill-gotten gains to their rightful owners , she , too , may end up in hell .	Pres
Despite this warning , Lady Tala , refuses to do so , saying she would rather end up hell than surrender her wealth .	Pres
Rory King , a rising Irish-Mexican gang leader for the ' Olmecs ' , struggles to leave his neighborhood .	Pres
It constitutes part of the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague .	Pres
The site overlooks Princess Royal Harbour and is where Major Edmund Lockyer hoisted the British flag in 1827 .	Pres
By 1996 the building was cracking badly with rising damp and several leaks .	Pres
He writes that by watching these reviews , he " discovered the idea of a debate on a film , but a respectful one . "	Pres
During the summer , the Inner Asiatic Depression brings hot air from the deserts of China and Mongolia , raising the temperature in the Transaikal .	Pres
To the north of the region , the climate grades into Humid continental climate , cool summer ( Dfc ) , with cooler summers .	Pres
The flora of the Transbaikal exhibits altitude zoning .	Pres
The area also suffers from pest outbreaks and uncontrolled logging .	Pres
The Trans-Siberian Railroad bisects the region from west to east .	Pres
Its objective was gaining critical mass to confront what was left of mainstream Carlism , at that time increasingly under the influence of socialist-minded Hugocarlistas .	Pres
After finishing the writing , the devotee submits the notebooks to a Sri Rama temple or any other temple that may preserve them .	Pres
In the song 's lyrics , the narrator compares her boyfriend to a teddy bear .	Pres
The IHK Osnabrück – Emsland – Grafschaft Bentheim employs an additional 75 people .	Pres
The basis of the IHK ’ s work is encouraging businesses in the region to engage themselves in an honorary capacity in committees and other forums .	Pres
A key duty of the IHK is officially appointing and administering oaths to experts in particular fields .	Pres
Rebanks writes that he was moved and inspired by another book with almost the same title , " A Shepherd 's Life " by W.H .	Pres
Janney maintains that Meyer helped Kennedy turn away from the Cold War mentality toward world peace initiatives .	Pres
In the dance version music video , they wear shoes that resemble roller skates .	Pres
The lyrics , written by Seo and Mimi , express the complicated emotions of a girl 's heart .	Pres
The first digit of the number indicates which major river basin the waterbody belongs to , as follows :	Pres
Focusing on reforms to the justice system , it believes in a hard-line law-and-order approach , " putting victims above criminals " .	Pres
The characters , who belong to different socio-political backgrounds , narrates their opinion on the issue .	Pres
He has been carrying out a dharna ( non-violent protest ) against illegal possession of public land by private actors since February 1996 .	Pres
The first encompasses a loose rock-breccia association with lapilli .	Pres
Petrologically , the El Toro field rocks belong to potassium-rich andesite-basaltic andesite-basalt .	Pres
Differences between the rocks in the various cones indicate origin of the magma at varying depths and temperatures .	Pres
Stratigraphic relations with older ignimbrites and younger lavas indicate an age between 6.45 ± 0.15 mya and 2.03 ± 0.07 mya .	Pres
He thinks and speaks in condensed terms suitable to his purpose .	Pres
Padma ( Ashwini ) , daughter of Pandurangam 's brother Nagalingam ( Nutan Prasad ) stays in his house and goes to college .	Pres
Anand receives a letter from his friend Lakshmi Prasad ( Naresh ) .	Pres
The letter explains his problems because of losses in his business .	Pres
He brings him to the town in hope of finding a job .	Pres
He loses track of her when her family has migrated to some other city .	Pres
So he opposes it when his daughter proposes to marry Anand .	Pres
She feels very bad about this .	Pres
He advises his son to reunite their family because they split because of his love .	Pres
The islands belongs to Northern Governorate .	Pres
The open , wispy and single stemmed shrub typically grows to a height of .	Pres
It blooms from July to October and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
The bushy shrub typically grows to a height of and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
The play comprises eight short acts in which characters find themselves in absurd everyday situations and take even more absurd decisions .	Pres
The model has also promising application in the field of analytical marketing .	Pres
The translator broadcasts from atop the IDS Center in downtown Minneapolis .	Pres
While pigeonholed as a progressive label , its releases in fact cover a broad spectrum of modern dance music , reflecting the eclectic tastes of its owners .	Pres
These stories seem too patly , too cautiously worked out .	Pres
The spectrum of this star displays an anomalously higher than normal abundance of the elements mercury and manganese , making this a Mercury-manganese star .	Pres
The photometry for Gamma Corvi B suggests a stellar classification in the range K5 – M5 V .	Pres
He doesn 't care about music or anything outside of skateboarding .	Pres
I mean , do I ride for them ?	Pres
I don 't , I don 't know . "	Pres
I remember gettin ' it and thinking , " What just happened ?	Pres
At the time when Geoff hit Staples no one was skating low-cut , thin vulc shoes .	Pres
He was pushing his creative boundaries .	Pres
It wasn 't like we do it once for a video .	Pres
Radial velocity observations suggest a possible companion with an orbital period of at least 15 years .	Pres
It presents as a giant star with a stellar classification of K0 III .	Pres
This indicates that the star has left the main sequence and has begun the final stages in its stellar evolution .	Pres
A sexy belly dancer named Princess Kashmir arrives at the party and invites Homer on stage to dance with her .	Pres
On the way to the restaurant bathroom , Bart wanders into the bachelor party room and eagerly snaps a picture of Homer and Kashmir .	Pres
When Homer gets home that day , Marge immediately shoves the picture in his face and demands an explanation .	Pres
At that point , Bart inadvertently reveals that it was his picture , angering both his parents .	Pres
After sending Bart to his room , Marge emotionally kicks Homer out of the house .	Pres
Homer spends the night at Barney 's apartment .	Pres
She insists that he take Bart to meet Princess Kashmir so that Bart can see for himself that she is more than just a stripper .	Pres
Homer stops the show and successfully manages to make a plea to the audience to treat women with respect .	Pres
Marge , who is in the audience , accepts Homer 's apology and the two make up .	Pres
Bi-monthly , the ByTowne Cinema self publishes The " ByTowne Guide . "	Pres
For example , " Buena Vista Pictures " prohibits the showings of Disney films for family matinees in repertory theatres .	Pres
The ByTowne Cinema produces most of their profit on Canadian and independent foreign films .	Pres
White also adds that " Disney isn 't worth the hassle " and trying to change the minds of the big companies is pointless .	Pres
With terrific body blows , and savage and effective infighting , Krieger wrested the championship from Hostak .	Pres
Second Degree initiates of O.T.O .	Pres
The sacerdotal ordination admits members to the priesthood .	Pres
He hopes to connect in the U.S. embassy with a visa out of the country .	Pres
Tashi rides a horse that goes into a forest .	Pres
The monk 's tale merely parallels Dondup 's growing attraction to Sonam .	Pres
The story depicts traditional Bhutanese folklore and storytelling techniques .	Pres
I recall seeing thousands of North Vietnamese sent to their death by the stupid tactics of your leaders .	Pres
The book introduces many themes and characters that will become the author ’ s trademarks over the years .	Pres
The complexity of the drawings combined with their considerable scale generate an immersive chaotic environment that is almost impossible to decode at first glance .	Pres
The municipality borders the state of Jalisco to the north and west .	Pres
Te Maketu Falls - This is a tranquil waterfall about five minutes walk from Pratts Rd Cemetery .	Pres
We hope to shoot the movie in 3-D , and part of the movie would be filmed using full CGI motion capture . "	Pres
And I hate it when people try and blame me or hold me responsible for it because I had no [ involvement ] .	Pres
I don ’ t control the underlying rights to [ the Donnie Darko franchise ] .	Pres
The SD70 also rides higher as its frame is approximately higher than the SD60 's .	Pres
The isolation reduces noise and vibration from the prime mover .	Pres
Canadian National Railway owns 190 units , and 130 units are owned by Norfolk Southern Railway .	Pres
Michelin expects the tread to last two to three times as long as a conventional tire .	Pres
He credits the 1988 LWT production with greatly reviving interest in the novel .	Pres
I may as well tell you that you are to be sent to Fort Lafayette . "	Pres
In the book the squadron flies the Hawker Hurricane while in the television series , the Supermarine Spitfire is flown .	Pres
The World War I books sees the squadron operating F.E.2 fighters .	Pres
The narrator , a writer for a literary newspaper , prides himself on his astute review of Hugh Vereker 's latest novel .	Pres
The narrator racks his brains and , in desperation , tells his friend Corvick about the puzzle .	Pres
He refuses to tell Gwendolen the secret until they are married , and then dies in an accident .	Pres
She remarries , and after her death , the narrator approaches her new husband to discover the secret .	Pres
A special case arises when one wishes to consider the Haar measure of the shift operator , that is , a function that is invariant under shifts .	Pres
The coefficients are decreasing as	Pres
When war broke out between Peru and Ecuador in 1859 , Cáceres was still ailing from his wound , but took part in the campaign .	Pres
" He regards Morten as a key member of the Rovers squad and his future at Ewood Park is now secure . "	Pres
However , he admits his knowledge of the Sami language is very limited .	Pres
The USNSCC owns a ship , the USNSCS " Grayfox " , homeported in Port Huron , Michigan .	Pres
I guess the seeds were there for me to nourish when it came to the seismic charges . "	Pres
WREY broadcasts a Regional Mexican music format , at 1,000 watts by day and 2,500 watts at night .	Pres
Nobody knows this better than the Material Girl . "	Pres
A list of Civil War generals based on official records indicates Baker held the rank of major general .	Pres
I feel that I could lead men anywhere . "	Pres
Additionally , the Noel Pinay sculpture of a man praying commemorates a burial ground , is a life sized statue in a park beside Segwun Avenue .	Pres
He portrays Rama and Sita as human characters , with astonishing qualities but with some human weaknesses in certain situations .	Pres
In the episode , Marge refuses to buy Bart the new video game " Bonestorm " , so he steals it from a local discount store .	Pres
Marge confronts him , believing he shoplifted again , but Bart has a picture of himself that was to be a Christmas present for her .	Pres
Though profoundly underwhelmed , Bart thanks her .	Pres
The “ Lee Carvallo ’ s Putting Challenge ” video game is a reference to the Nintendo game , Lee Trevino 's Fighting Golf .	Pres
Richard Bath writes of him that he was :	Pres
Stephen Watt writes : Carmichael was an outstanding rugby player from an early age .	Pres
The CJHL spans the majority of Canada , from the Pacific Coast to the Atlantic Coast .	Pres
" Every year , each of the ten leagues of the CJHL choose their scholastic player of the year .	Pres
Beauregard still considered Evans incompetent and would not return him to command .	Pres
Characters buy classes and skills using Intelligence points .	Pres
The reviewers " recommend this offering as one that truly presents a most positive view of fantasy role-playing as played on a computer system . "	Pres
She also belongs to a group of singers who operate an Internet radiotrova .	Pres
Section 128 of the Constitution specifies that alterations to itself cannot be made without a referendum .	Pres
Tangerang tends to be hot and humid , with little in the way of trees or geographical features .	Pres
The museum displays Benteng Chinese artefacts and other cultural objects related to the history of Tangerang 's Chinese community .	Pres
Tangerang 's economy depends highly on service sectors , trading , financial service , and industrial .	Pres
Howard keeps on his bed in a nook of his New York City apartment a large stuffed gorilla named " Mildred " .	Pres
These burials belong to two different periods : Early Iron Age ( 50 BC - 450 AD ) and Middle Iron Age ( 1000-1150 AD ) .	Pres
Yearning for freedom from his ceaseless duties as 77th Earl of Gormenghast , he escapes the ancient castle and encounters the nightmare world outside .	Pres
In doing so , she loses her rational mind , attempting to kill anything in her way .	Pres
She pulls in all the fallen gods and seemingly collapses into herself .	Pres
She later carries a weeping Hercules and Amadeus back to Earth in the form of a great white bird .	Pres
Some time later , she attends Hercules ' funeral .	Pres
Snowbird possesses a number of powers as a member of the race of superhumans known as the gods of the Native Americans of Arctic Canada .	Pres
When she transforms , she gains all the strength and special abilities of what she transforms into .	Pres
This contradicts the fact that currently Sasquatch possesses Snowbird 's body , after his was destroyed , and that the body became male .	Pres
The Prince receives a request from a fan at the start of the game .	Pres
If the King does not approve of the katamari , he punishes the Prince by scolding him and shooting him with lasers .	Pres
In frustration and anger , the son lashes out , knocking his father to the ground .	Pres
Later that evening , the son inadvertently spies his father deep in thought , staring at the second-place boxing trophy .	Pres
Upon entering , the father crowns his son as the new King of All Cosmos , and then collapses into a deep sleep .	Pres
Other combinations of objects or situations derive their origins from folklore .	Pres
Upon completion of a race , the game displays a large three-handled trophy and the text .	Pres
And by lowest , I mean it can 't go any lower .	Pres
We don 't hand out zeros , but maybe we should have for " Big Rigs : Over the Road Racing " . "	Pres
But now he was pulling back in favor on new directors .	Pres
The failure of both attempts highlights the weaknesses of his efforts to integrate the West Coast-style of Disney with the East Coast-style of Van Beuren .	Pres
Additionally , " DesignIntelligence 's " ten-year median ranking also ranks the program 5th .	Pres
Folsom identifies the following people as market entrepreneurs :	Pres
He regards these people as political entrepreneurs :	Pres
Folsom writes about economics and US history for several large publications , including " The Wall Street Journal " and the " National Review " .	Pres
It also breeds on Trinidad .	Pres
This kite often perches conspicuously on dead branches , with its long wings projecting well beyond the tail .	Pres
The suburb incorporates the localities of Grantham ( the Grantham Estate ) and Grantham Heights .	Pres
By 1917 Australia was confronting the problem of providing suitable employment for both able-bodied and disabled veterans of the First World War .	Pres
" Sea Surface Full of Clouds " illustrates this quality .	Pres
Moore casts Stevens as an explorer of the exotic who takes refuge in a " riot of gorgeousness " .	Pres
Stevens matters as a poet , according to Altieri , because of his commitment to the primacy of the senses .	Pres
Josephson chooses these lines from " Banal Sojourn " to illustrate Stevens ' poetry of sensuousness :	Pres
The grackles crack their throats of bone in the smooth air .	Pres
Stevens ' fondness for American locale helps him temper many such moments .	Pres
Allen Tate suggests a different interpretation in maintaining that Stevens ' dandyism was " the perfect surface beneath which plays an intense Puritanism " .	Pres
Tony Sharpe expresses a similar thought when he refers to Stevens as " that exponent of American loneliness " .	Pres
The tree in " Of the Surface of Things " poses an interesting test of such philosophical interpretations .	Pres
Sun and Moon comprise an important polarity for Stevens .	Pres
Bates notes that many of Stevens ' images and symbols " combine clarity with an air of mystery " .	Pres
" The Public Square " illustrates this quality .	Pres
" Negation " ' s witty depiction of God as a bungling potter indicates that the Deity didn 't have a place in Stevens ' belief system .	Pres
She also observes that for Stevens " looking and hearing , imagery and musicality , occupy equal ground " .	Pres
One vein of Stevens ' poetic humour expresses his reaction against the conventions of the Victorian tradition .	Pres
Anca Rosu reads Stevens as claiming poetry as a way of thinking and reaching for the knowledge usually associated with philosophy .	Pres
She emphasizes that Stevens ' purpose is not to replace philosophy with poetry but " to enhance the poetic and endow it with philosophical import " .	Pres
On the other ( dramatically different ) hand , Nicholson reads it as an anecdote about planet Earth .	Pres
From a 1918 letter , he writes : " There 's no symbolism in the " Earthy Anecdote . "	Pres
This explains the equivalence between parastatistics and the more familiar Bose – Einstein / Fermi – Dirac statistics .	Pres
In the same region , today only some 13 % of the people still speaks Slovene , while more than 85 % of the population speaks German .	Pres
At the current time , language shift is occurring all across China .	Pres
It belongs to the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family .	Pres
This suggests that the Daasanach were originally Nilo-Saharan speakers , sharing common origins with the Pokot .	Pres
Other sources mention that 70 % of Breton speakers are over 60 .	Pres
Most Hong Kong residents prefer to communicate in Cantonese in everyday life .	Pres
Furthermore , cultural difference between Hong Kong and China brings upon the variations between the Cantonese used in Hong Kong and that in Canton Province .	Pres
This involves using English words in Maltese sentences , or adding English vocabulary into Maltese .	Pres
Catalan , sharing with Basque a strong link between language and identity , enjoys a fairly sound status .	Pres
Gaelic medium education in Scotland now enrolls over 2000 pupils a year .	Pres
Some critics describe the German mountain film as an indigenous national / cultural genre , comparable to the American western .	Pres
Mountain films pose unusual difficulties for the filmmaking process ; although parts can and have been shot in studios , filming on location is a longstanding tradition .	Pres
An agreement emerges to take every opportunity to cross-promote mountain film festivals around the world and to meet twice a year at member festival events . "	Pres
As a continuum moves through the control volume , the mass entering the control volume is equal to the mass leaving the control volume .	Pres
They therefore apply on volumes .	Pres
Finding forms of the equation that are " independent " of the control volumes allows simplification of the integral signs .	Pres
then the bug experiences a change formula _ 8 in the scalar value ,	Pres
In the leased parts , Macau law applies and remains outside the Great Firewall .	Pres
The Government owns 100 percent of IPIC and appoints all the members of its board of directors .	Pres
In addition , IPIC is undertaking the following strategic projects :	Pres
It borders Eastville to the South and Begbrook and Frenchay to the North .	Pres
It comprises an eclectic mix of housing mainly from the Victorian , Edwardian , inter-war and late 20th century periods .	Pres
These flank the spire whose eight angles are ornamented with crockets carved in Bath stone bands , the general facing being of Pennant stone in courses .	Pres
A large metal cross surmounts the finial of the spire.At the foot of the Tower is the elaborately carved West Doorway .	Pres
( Hardman ) Bishop Monk kneels to offer a model of the Church to Christ on His throne .	Pres
It now compromises the hub of the village .	Pres
In 2010 the village substantially comprises families who work locally or within the Greater Bristol area .	Pres
They tend to inherit much more of the complexity ( grammatical , phonological , etc . )	Pres
A language 's influence widens as its speakers grow in power .	Pres
In some cases , a language develops an acrolect that contains elements of a more prestigious language .	Pres
3mm Scale Model Railways manufacture a model kit of the 38xx in TT gauge .	Pres
He had been suffering from bouts of insomnia during this time .	Pres
The United States Attorney General or his designee and the chair of the United States Parole Commission sit as ex officio , non-voting members of the Commission .	Pres
Lawmakers in the senate are currently pursuing a bi-partisan effort on a bill to do just that .	Pres
The two outer scenes depict the separated mother and children a few years later , now living in poverty .	Pres
In 1240 he signs as Marshall of the order in a treaty with the Knights Hospitaller .	Pres
Reports indicate that the gas-graphite reactor would be capable of producing plutonium for atomic bombs .	Pres
The simple style and lurid colouring of Trouille 's paintings echo the lithographic posters used in advertising in the first half of the 20th century .	Pres
Nevertheless , Muğla still lacks sizeable manufacturing and processing centers and relies on trades , crafts , services , tourism and agriculture in its economy .	Pres
On the high hill to the north of the city , a few ancient remains indicate that it was the site of an acropolis .	Pres
Although it is close to major resorts , Muğla has only recently begun to attract visitors .	Pres
At first sight , there seem to be all the reasons in the world why society should never let the changes through . "	Pres
After a word enters a language , its meaning can change as through a shift in the valence of its connotations .	Pres
Narrowing a word limits its alternative meanings , whereas broadening associates new meanings with it .	Pres
They indicate that the increase in word lengths with time can be attributed to the government-initiated language " reform " of the 20th century .	Pres
Their orders coincide with the route of Custer and his men .	Pres
As they follow the route , they hear strange things such as Indian battle cries and horses running .	Pres
The captain contacts them via radio and orders them to return to base when Connors tries to explain what is happening .	Pres
The three men climb a ridge where they see a battle taking place below .	Pres
Later , Captain Dennet enters the Custer Battlefield National Monument .	Pres
A vertical lift bridge over the Red River connects Selkirk with the smaller town of East Selkirk .	Pres
A vertical lift bridge over the Red River connects Selkirk with the smaller town of East Selkirk .	Pres
Previously , the village was a popular home for sea captains since it is only accessible by boat and it has no cars .	Pres
This enables an aircraft 's targeting system to home in on that specific target .	Pres
For night and adverse weather use , many EO sensors incorporate low-light light-amplification systems .	Pres
Some pods supplement the basic visual EO with forward-looking infra-red ( FLIR ) to aid in locating and identifying targets in darkness .	Pres
The mathematical formulation treats this complication with less ambiguity than the physics formulation .	Pres
The equation above characterizes the behavior of the continuous time stochastic process " X " as the sum of an ordinary Lebesgue integral and an Itô integral .	Pres
which is the equation for the dynamics of the price of a stock in the Black – Scholes options pricing model of financial mathematics .	Pres
It reflects changes in the prices of shares listed in the Main and Investor lists of the Estonian Stock Exchange , and the Tallinn Stock Exchange .	Pres
It crosses the border into the county of Staffordshire , and after leaving the Peak District travels through the town of Leek .	Pres
It crosses the M6 motorway and goes through the village of Ashley .	Pres
It crosses the border into Shropshire , and bypasses the town of Market Drayton , and passes the Müller factory .	Pres
The available bore sizes are 15 / 16 " , 1 " and 1 1 / 16 " diameters .	Pres
In the same design range were the 4 and 5 types with smaller bore sizes and the 29 type with larger bore sizes .	Pres
The 600 series had bore sizes of 22mm , 24mm and 26mm , being known as 622 , 624 , and 626 respectively .	Pres
Similarly , the 900 series with bore sizes of 28mm , 30mm and 32mm , were known as 928 , 930 , and 932 respectively .	Pres
The gap extends about from the coast and Muscat Airport on one hand to Sama 'il on the other .	Pres
Firmly securing X-Fighters foothold as one of the major events in FMX history and Europe 's biggest FMX event .	Pres
All twelve riders ride in their start order .	Pres
Should no Tour rank exists , and then a draw will take place to establish rank for the purpose of qualifying .	Pres
In the event that none of these methods breaks the tie ( s ) then the Head Judge will break the tie ( s )	Pres
Heritage also participates in the local Science Olympiad .	Pres
The Tolkaappiyam , 1st century BCE grammar book , mentions non-Vedic , early-Vedic ( Indra , Varuna ) and Puranic ( Vishnu ) gods .	Pres
The Kural , written by Tiruvalluvar , mentions gods like Indra ( 25 ) and Lakshmi ( e.g .	Pres
Like many other Feluda stories , Jatayu brings the exquisite comic relief in the story and the story becomes enjoyable to everyone .	Pres
This indicates that the loose blocks of Hertfordshire Puddingstone were likely eroded out of these sediments .	Pres
I collect all your tears	Pres
I walk with you and support you !	Pres
I descend from Heaven and make this Earth	Pres
And the angel approaches with a kiss ,	Pres
and he kisses death –	Pres
The music video extends this with using footage from the TV-show .	Pres
Ethnohistorical accounts mention them as a people dwelling in the same region of Michoacán they live in now as early as the 13th century .	Pres
It differs from other dialects in having a velar nasal phoneme .	Pres
After nasals , they lose their aspiration entirely .	Pres
The language is exclusively suffixing and has a large number of suffixes ( as many as 160 ) and clitics .	Pres
The verb distinguishes 13 aspects and 6 modes .	Pres
However , both authors note that other word orders are frequently used for pragmatic purposes such as focus or topic tracking .	Pres
It reproduces by binary fission .	Pres
Its ditch survives around much of the site .	Pres
It displays artefacts pertinent to the history of Buckinghamshire including geological displays , costume , agriculture and industry .	Pres
The second layer ( adds 4 kbit / s for a total of 12 kbit / s ) is a narrowband enhancement layer .	Pres
The Army Corps of Engineers maintains several recreational areas including a campground at the lake .	Pres
It doesn 't have exact size , and the red star in the middle sometimes goes aligned with the blue band .	Pres
Armboth Fell joins the main ridge via a shallow depression , a little to the south of High Tove , and due east of Middle Crag .	Pres
It enters the lake near the Armboth public car park .	Pres
Launchy Gill then drops through the forest over a series of waterfalls .	Pres
Fisher Crag presents a better viewpoint for Thirlmere .	Pres
The fact that the record has reached this level indicates the genre is growing . " "	Pres
As the plant grows , the root mass stretches through the rockwool and hydroton into the water below .	Pres
This special-purpose device helps a router perform one of its core and repeated functions very fast : address lookup .	Pres
The tree no longer exists but a memorial shrine dedicated to the event is built there .	Pres
He lays special emphasis on right perception ( samyaktva ) , personal efforts and a true teacher ’ s guidance in the path to self-realisation .	Pres
It is Gujarati rendering of the original Magadhi text .	Pres
His followers sometimes consider his teaching as a new path of Jainism , neither Svetambara nor Digambara , and revere him as a saint .	Pres
Santa Monica 's top men 's team competes in the Pacific Rugby Premiership competition : the top club rugby competition in the United States .	Pres
It recollects the period of Babylonian captivity after the loss of the First Temple in Jerusalem in c . 500 BCE .	Pres
This ranks him third among German hammer throwers , only behind Ralf Haber and Heinz Weis .	Pres
The location of the site reflects the prevailing view of Sir Joseph John Talbot Hobbs that potential enemies would mount seaborne rather than aerial attacks .	Pres
Fox Sports West maintains widespread cable carriage in San Diego County .	Pres
Fox Sports West and Prime Ticket maintains widespread cable carriage in the Las Vegas Valley .	Pres
For example , VCl reacts with phenols give 4,4 ' - , 2,4 ' - , and 2,2 ' -biphenols :	Pres
One of the main aims in developing " Yakuza 2 " was improving its fighting engine .	Pres
Singer So Yoki performs " Kamuro Setsugekka " ( 神室雪月花 ) .	Pres
A tropical storm watch , and later a warning , was issued for the northwestern Bahamas .	Pres
Once these requirements are satisfied , FIBA then looks at other important factors .	Pres
The quality of SoCodance proves everything against those accusations "	Pres
However , there wasn 't any official statement regarding this album beside she stopped collaborating with songwriter Quoc Bao .	Pres
It defines standard attachment points to be manufactured into cars , enabling compliant child safety seats to be quickly and safely secured .	Pres
Around the lake one frequently sees humming birds feeding at the flowers overhanging the water .	Pres
The building slowly fills with rain water , and by the end of the video , everything in the house is underwater .	Pres
He wears the number 55 and was the club 's captain .	Pres
In most current programs , non-invasive treatments incorporate hydration , timed voiding , correction of constipation and in some cases , computer assisted pelvic floor retraining .	Pres
Benjamin accepts the assignment and goes to visit Patricia at her flat , where he discovers the door unlocked .	Pres
As he searches the residence , decorated with artwork , he discovers Patricia dead on the bedroom floor , bleeding from a knife wound .	Pres
Suddenly , an intruder fatally stabs Benjamin , steals Patricia 's gold pendant and leaves .	Pres
Seeing a front-page newspaper story about the crime , Benjamin realizes that a man impersonated Quimby .	Pres
Soon , Benjamin learns , much to his chagrin , that he will return to life in a dog 's body .	Pres
In London , he searches for his killer , and is thrown out of Carlton Court , the building where he was murdered .	Pres
Behind the hotel , Benjamin converses with Freddie , who has been reincarnated as a cat after being killed in a car accident .	Pres
Soon , Browning sees Jackie in a conversation with the building manager .	Pres
When the manager threatens to notify Scotland Yard about the dog , Browning disappears .	Pres
Meanwhile , Jackie mentions that she lives at the Stanley Towers , and later , Browning follows her there .	Pres
Soon , Jackie visits the Needham Gallery , and leaves Browning in her parked car .	Pres
Browning searches the gallery , and soon sees Jackie talking to Bart , the killer .	Pres
Later , Jackie asks for Patricia 's client list , but her building manager refuses .	Pres
He then summons Bart , his assistant .	Pres
Later in Patricia 's flat , Browning sees Bart remove evidence .	Pres
Meanwhile , Becket alerts Jackie that her dog was found by building security , and is being held in Bart 's office .	Pres
Browning sees a calendar entry on Bart 's desk , noting Becket 's birthday and a street address .	Pres
When Jackie notices the entry , she wishes Becket a happy birthday .	Pres
Soon , Browning investigates the address , which is a post office , and decides to search postal box no .	Pres
Browning grabs a letter out of the box and escapes .	Pres
Browning grabs the pendent in his mouth and heads to Jackie 's lunch .	Pres
However , Bart chases him until Browning runs into an alley .	Pres
Becket grabs the pendant away from Jackie , and accuses her of derailing his plan to become prime minister .	Pres
Browning turns on Jackie 's tape recorder just as Becket confesses his love for Patricia .	Pres
Species ranges frequently span environmental gradients ( e.g .	Pres
However , because species usually tend to have a limited dispersal range ( e.g .	Pres
As genetic admixture between the population increases with time however , the steepness of the cline is likely to decrease as the difference in character is eroded .	Pres
The steepness , or gradient , of a cline reflects the extent of the differentiation in the character across a geographic range .	Pres
Conversely , a shallow cline indicates little geographical variation in the character or trait across a given geographical distance .	Pres
These types of clines characterise the way that a genetic or phenotypic trait transforms from one end of its geographical range of the species to the other .	Pres
This gradient reflects the gradient that already existed in the house sparrow ’ s native range in Europe .	Pres
For example , the Type B blood group reaches its highest frequency in Asia , but become less frequent further west .	Pres
As such , Fairview sits astride and is bisected by several major transportation corridors :	Pres
He also underlines the ideological origins of the Cold War and the long-term effects it had in Asia , Africa , and Latin America .	Pres
He often speaks of contemporary China , more than most countries , as a hybrid society , consisting both of Chinese and foreign elements .	Pres
As of 2004 , the school curriculum stresses multiculturalism and aims to develop ethnic pride .	Pres
Furthermore , the MISRA Compliance document permits " Advisory " guidelines to be " Disapplied " .	Pres
This article lists major events in the field of comics during the 1980s .	Pres
Van Dijk shares with Alban Berg , a liberal and unorthodox treatment of what tradition has handed down .	Pres
Maarten Brandt writes : " " The Triple Hymn " is a vibrant dance duet .	Pres
At DC , he creates the Fourth World mythology , introducing many new characters to the DC Universe , most notably Darkseid .	Pres
Mort Weisinger retires from DC Comics after a long tenure as editor of the Superman line during the Silver Age of comic books .	Pres
Marvel Comics adapts Robert E. Howard 's " Conan the Barbarian " into a series written by Roy Thomas .	Pres
They generally learn to rig what they need .	Pres
" Scott Gibbons ' music ... feels as if it is happening inside your own head . "	Pres
He belongs to Nair community .	Pres
It educates around 760 students aged 11 – 16 .	Pres
In the episode , Del buys a consignment of briefcases , only to later discover that the combinations are locked inside .	Pres
Derek " Del Boy " Trotter , chairman of Trotters Independent Traders , employs his younger brother Rodney into his company .	Pres
On introduction , Trigger acknowledges to Del that he is already acquainted with his brother Rodney but then immediately calls him ' Dave ' .	Pres
Rodney however proves to Trigger , using his GCE in mathematics as proof of his credibility , that Del 's figures are wrong .	Pres
It soon emerges however that not only were the cases stolen , they are also rejects ; the combination for them is on the inside .	Pres
Rodney advises Del to throw them in the river .	Pres
He wishes to go there to see a girl , " Shanghai Lil " .	Pres
The next day , Del trawls London , looking for Rodney and attempting to sell the briefcases , having already previously failed with his telephone contacts .	Pres
Ballantine 's produces a range of seven expressions with various characteristics and age statements :	Pres
It crosses the river and follows Logan Creek uphill to Lindell , where the land levels out .	Pres
SR 80 crosses Interstate 81 at a Diamond interchange southeast of Meadowview , providing access on I-81 , and then ends at U.S. Route 11 at Cedarville .	Pres
It shares the name hedge bedstraw with the related European species , Galium album .	Pres
The flowering period extends from May to September .	Pres
SIDBI also coordinates the functions of institutions engaged in similar activities .	Pres
Its promotion & development program focuses on rural enterprises promotion and entrepreneurship development .	Pres
Under this program , SIDBI extends Term Loan assistance to Banks , Small Finance Banks and Non-Banking Financial Companies .	Pres
Besides the refinance operations , SIDBI also lends directly to MSMEs .	Pres
District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts .	Pres
The CBA also sponsors events in Bakersfield , and Sebastopol .	Pres
Many observe that the juror and the accused seldom can be considered ' peers ' which is historically considered a fundamental precept of jury makeup .	Pres
Others consider the jury system to be inherently flawed as a result of the humanity of jurors .	Pres
The Centre for Military , Security and Strategic Studies sponsors the online Journal of Military and Strategic Studies , which publishes four issues per year .	Pres
CMSS also publishes international conference proceedings , books by fellows and the Calgary Papers in Military and Strategic Studies .	Pres
E also supports text editing via FTP in the form of a plug-in called Remote Projects .	Pres
Myron Breckinridge flies to Europe to get a sex-change operation and is transformed into the beautiful Myra .	Pres
I don 't think there 's anyone on this movie who hasn 't been fired or quit three times .	Pres
" We just disagree on everything . "	Pres
He wants to do a fantasy .	Pres
Due to the film 's adult themes , it has rarely been shown on television , though it has occasionally aired on Fox Movie Channel .	Pres
It travels northeastward through the forests of eastern Itawamba County .	Pres
The highway intersects Interstate 22 ( I-22 ) and U.S. Route 78 ( US 78 ) in Tremont .	Pres
At Bull Mountain Road , the road enters a forest .	Pres
It travels northeastward into the forest , and soon leaves the corporate limits .	Pres
The route intersects the eastern terminus of MS 76 and later parallels that divided highway .	Pres
In the near future cybernetic implants are blurring the line between humans and robots .	Pres
Mikel betrays the human race and launces a coup wiping out the " core members " and declaring himself the new leader .	Pres
This town draws its name as a derivative of Monte Vairano which was a hilltop Samnite village and now is an archeological site .	Pres
Baranello borders the following municipalities : Busso , Colle d 'Anchise , Spinete , Vinchiaturo .	Pres
The following example illustrates this problem .	Pres
Busso borders the following municipalities : Baranello , Campobasso , Casalciprano , Castropignano , Oratino , Spinete , Vinchiaturo .	Pres
Campodipietra borders the following municipalities : Campobasso , Ferrazzano , Gildone , Jelsi , San Giovanni in Galdo , Toro .	Pres
Now You Know may refer to :	Pres
Casacalenda borders the following municipalities : Bonefro , Guardialfiera , Larino , Lupara , Montorio nei Frentani , Morrone del Sannio , Provvidenti , Ripabottoni .	Pres
Castelbottaccio borders the following municipalities : Civitacampomarano , Lucito , Lupara , Morrone del Sannio .	Pres
Castellino del Biferno borders the following municipalities : Campolieto , Lucito , Matrice , Morrone del Sannio , Petrella Tifernina .	Pres
Castelmauro borders the following municipalities : Acquaviva Collecroce , Civitacampomarano , Guardialfiera , Montefalcone nel Sannio , Roccavivara , San Felice del Molise , Trivento .	Pres
Seven U.S. Army infantry battalions were participating in the action .	Pres
Cercepiccola borders the following municipalities : Cercemaggiore , Mirabello Sannitico , San Giuliano del Sannio , Sepino .	Pres
Colle d 'Anchise borders the following municipalities : Baranello , Bojano , Campochiaro , San Polo Matese , Spinete , Vinchiaturo .	Pres
Colletorto borders the following municipalities : Carlantino , Casalnuovo Monterotaro , San Giuliano di Puglia , Sant 'Elia a Pianisi .	Pres
With his sister Elisa , Ilmari owns a Japanese restaurant called Len 's Keishoku Bar in Helsinki .	Pres
Duronia borders the following municipalities : Bagnoli del Trigno , Civitanova del Sannio , Frosolone , Molise , Pietracupa , Torella del Sannio .	Pres
Fossalto borders the following municipalities : Castropignano , Limosano , Pietracupa , Salcito , Sant 'Angelo Limosano , Torella del Sannio .	Pres
The number of matching ( but different sequence order ) characters divided by 2 defines the number of " transpositions " .	Pres
Additionally , Leonarda uses refrains in a rather unusual way .	Pres
Gambatesa borders the following municipalities : Celenza Valfortore , Macchia Valfortore , Pietracatella , Riccia , Tufara .	Pres
It sits on a hilltop overlooking Lake Guardialfiera , which was created as a result of the damming of the Biferno river .	Pres
Guardialfiera borders the following municipalities : Acquaviva Collecroce , Casacalenda , Castelmauro , Civitacampomarano , Larino , Lupara , Palata .	Pres
Guardialfiera overlooks the artificial Lake Guardialfiera , which was created due to damming of the Biferno river in 1976 – 77 .	Pres
In the acknowledgement section of " The Holocaust Industry " , author Norman G. Finkelstein writes :	Pres
Jelsi borders the following municipalities : Campodipietra , Cercemaggiore , Gildone , Pietracatella , Riccia , Toro .	Pres
A beltway surrounds central Lexington , while numerous state routes and connector roads fill in the transportation gap .	Pres
Historical scholars fault the movements ' reliance on legal campaign tactics .	Pres
A few years later he would be lecturing on Ibsen .	Pres
Lupara borders the following municipalities : Casacalenda , Castelbottaccio , Civitacampomarano , Guardialfiera , Morrone del Sannio .	Pres
Mafalda borders the following municipalities : Dogliola , Fresagrandinaria , Lentella , Montenero di Bisaccia , San Felice del Molise , Tavenna , Tufillo .	Pres
This pale pink deliquescent solid is a commercially significant manganese ( II ) salt .	Pres
All of these salts dissolve to give faintly pink solutions of the aquo complex [ Mn ( HO ) ] .	Pres
Electrolysis of manganese sulfate yields manganese dioxide , which is called EMD for electrolytic manganese dioxide .	Pres
Alternatively oxidation of manganese sulfate with potassium permanganate yields the so-called chemical manganese dioxide ( CMD ) .	Pres
Montefalcone nel Sannio borders the following municipalities : Castelmauro , Celenza sul Trigno , Montemitro , Roccavivara , San Felice del Molise .	Pres
Montelongo borders the following municipalities : Bonefro , Montorio nei Frentani , Rotello , Santa Croce di Magliano .	Pres
Morrone del Sannio borders the following municipalities : Campolieto , Casacalenda , Castelbottaccio , Castellino del Biferno , Lucito , Lupara , Provvidenti , Ripabottoni .	Pres
It drains an area of .	Pres
The Smoky River originates in the Canadian Rockies , in the northern area of Jasper National Park from Adolphus Lake ( 53.171N 119.117W ) .	Pres
The H-1 Road connects Abovyan with Yerevan , while the M-4 Motorway connects the town with the rest of Armenia .	Pres
Palata borders the following municipalities : Acquaviva Collecroce , Guardialfiera , Guglionesi , Larino , Montecilfone , Montenero di Bisaccia , Tavenna .	Pres
Petrella Tifernina borders the following municipalities : Castellino del Biferno , Limosano , Lucito , Matrice , Montagano .	Pres
Pietracatella borders the following municipalities : Gambatesa , Jelsi , Macchia Valfortore , Monacilioni , Riccia , Toro .	Pres
Pietracupa borders the following municipalities : Bagnoli del Trigno , Duronia , Fossalto , Salcito , Torella del Sannio .	Pres
His research focuses on human learning and memory and on the implications of the science of learning for instruction and training .	Pres
Its greatest achievement was qualifying for the semifinals for the first and only time in 2008 under the leadership of coach Julio Valdivieso .	Pres
Females tend to be found at greater depths than males .	Pres
Its range encompasses a wide continental shelf with a humid tropical climate , extensive mangroves , and draining by numerous rivers including the Amazon .	Pres
The daggernose shark poses little danger to humans due to its small size and teeth .	Pres
Ripabottoni borders the following municipalities : Bonefro , Campolieto , Casacalenda , Monacilioni , Morrone del Sannio , Provvidenti , Sant 'Elia a Pianisi .	Pres
The company releases titles from the film and television library of VIVA Films , as well as programs from other Viva Entertainment companies .	Pres
Roccavivara borders the following municipalities : Castelguidone , Castelmauro , Celenza sul Trigno , Montefalcone nel Sannio , San Giovanni Lipioni , Trivento .	Pres
Rotello borders the following municipalities : Montelongo , Montorio nei Frentani , San Martino in Pensilis , Santa Croce di Magliano , Serracapriola , Torremaggiore , Ururi .	Pres
It replaces the earlier Co-operation Agreement of 1975 .	Pres
Israel argues that these are produced in its customs territory and should thus be subject to the Association Agreement and benefit from preferential treatment .	Pres
EU exports to Israel reached € 17.9 billion in 2013 , while imports from Israel were € 13.5 billion .	Pres
However , all EU states universally consider Israeli settlements illegal under international law .	Pres
The guidelines prohibit the issuing of EU grants , funding , prizes or scholarships to Israeli entities unless a settlement exclusion clause is included .	Pres
San Biase borders the municipalities Salcito , Sant 'Angelo Limosano , and Trivento .	Pres
San Giacomo degli Schiavoni borders the following municipalities : Guglionesi , Termoli .	Pres
San Giuliano del Sannio borders the following municipalities : Cercepiccola , Guardiaregia , Mirabello Sannitico , Sepino , Vinchiaturo .	Pres
San Massimo borders the following municipalities : Bojano , Cantalupo nel Sannio , Macchiagodena , Roccamandolfi , San Gregorio Matese .	Pres
Santa Croce di Magliano borders the following municipalities : Bonefro , Castelnuovo della Daunia , Montelongo , Rotello , San Giuliano di Puglia , Torremaggiore .	Pres
Sant 'Angelo Limosano borders the following municipalities : Fossalto , Limosano , Lucito , Salcito , San Biase , Trivento .	Pres
Players assume the roles of clans on the Scottish and English Borders during the Middle Ages , striving to achieve ascendancy via economic or military means .	Pres
Tavenna borders the following municipalities : Acquaviva Collecroce , Mafalda , Montenero di Bisaccia , Palata , San Felice del Molise .	Pres
Toro borders the following municipalities : Campodipietra , Jelsi , Monacilioni , Pietracatella , San Giovanni in Galdo .	Pres
A large fleet of the original Pocket Rockets carries on racing in Penticton , British Columbia .	Pres
Tufara borders the following municipalities : Castelvetere in Val Fortore , Celenza Valfortore , Gambatesa , Riccia , San Bartolomeo in Galdo , San Marco la Catola .	Pres
Ururi borders the following municipalities : Larino , Montorio nei Frentani , Rotello , San Martino in Pensilis .	Pres
Vinchiaturo borders the following municipalities : Baranello , Busso , Campobasso , Campochiaro , Colle d 'Anchise , Guardiaregia , Mirabello Sannitico , San Giuliano del Sannio .	Pres
The soupy byproduct of the cyanide nitrate chemical process is both toxic and radioactive and collects in a tailing pond .	Pres
Web systems demand their own specialized skills .	Pres
In it , Riker deduces the size principle .	Pres
Riker supposes that attracting more votes requires resources and that politicians run to win .	Pres
Out of the varied models of game theory , Riker asserts that those involving the number of players are the most in understanding society .	Pres
He justifies this on the grounds that in n-person games the main activity of the players is to select not only strategies , but partners .	Pres
Riker builds on this to form a descriptive statement , or sociological law as he puts it , about the natural world which embodies his size principle .	Pres
These forces fail to keep the coalitions minimal .	Pres
He therefore argues that Riker 's theory results in a position of not being able to make a definitive prediction .	Pres
He expresses this further by saying .	Pres
These environments differ from marine conditions in many ways , the most obvious being the difference in levels of salinity .	Pres
Freshwater fish differ physiologically from salt water fish in several respects .	Pres
Many species solve this problem by associating different habitats with different stages of life .	Pres
The water temperature affects the amount of oxygen available as cold water contains more oxygen than warm water .	Pres
Coldwater fish species survive in the coldest temperatures , preferring a water temperature of .	Pres
Coolwater fish species prefer water temperature between the coldwater and warmwater species , around .	Pres
93.8 % of the population speaks German , with Romansh being second most common ( 1.9 % ) and Italian being third ( 1.3 % ) .	Pres
As its common name suggests , the sicklefin lemon shark differs from its American counterpart in having more falcate ( sickle-shaped ) fins .	Pres
This large species grows up to long .	Pres
It generally inhabits water less than deep in a variety of habitats , from mangrove estuaries to coral reefs .	Pres
A slow-moving predator feeding mainly on bony fishes , the sicklefin lemon shark seldom travels long distances and many individuals can be found year-round at certain locations .	Pres
The lower teeth resemble the upper teeth , but are narrower and more erect .	Pres
This species attains a maximum known length of , though it typically does not exceed .	Pres
This shark seldom undertakes long-distance movements .	Pres
Unlike in the American lemon shark , cant evidence indicates this species is philopatric ( returns to the site of their birth to reproduce ) .	Pres
Both sexes attain sexual maturity at a length of .	Pres
und die singende Schlange " by the German comedy theater company .	Pres
Throughout " The Blazing World , " the Empress asserts that a peaceful society can only be attained through the lack of societal divisions .	Pres
To eliminate potential division and maintain social harmony in the society the text imagines , Cavendish constructs a monarchical government .	Pres
Unlike a democratic government , Cavendish believes only an absolute sovereignty can maintain social unity and stability because the reliance on one authority eliminates separations of power .	Pres
A relatively new technique , magnetized target fusion , compresses a small plasma load with an imploding metal foil .	Pres
It caters for 750 students between the ages of 3 and 18 , and teaches predominantly in French .	Pres
As the only privately funded school by the French government in Conakry , it caters mainly to the expatriate community .	Pres
Merkur also produces a wide range of toys , including metal 0 scale model trains and steam engines .	Pres
It housed students grades kindergarten through 6th grade , which fed into Ashley Jr . High ) .	Pres
The high school building located on Coover Road in Troy Township still exists to this day .	Pres
Marco speaks German , ( dialect Baseldytsch ) , English , and French .	Pres
It wasn 't just the races she won , or the sports she excelled in – Jackie was a pioneer in Australian triathlon coaching and administration . "	Pres
Criticism of the game exists inside and outside of the People 's Republic of China .	Pres
Others contend that it would be used for propaganda purposes and to inspire xenophobia of non Han Chinese .	Pres
Like Wanka Quechua , it belongs to Quechua I ( according to Alfredo Torero ) .	Pres
1840 , p . 156 , corrupts his name into " Nagara , " and in " Orient , Lit . "	Pres
1610 , he confounds him with Moses ben Levi Najara , as does Fürst in " Bibl .	Pres
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Palghat in Central Kerala extends to some regions in the neighbouring state of Tamil Nadu .	Pres
Harlequin wants to kiss his fiancée ; she spurns him .	Pres
She refuses : " After our marriage ... " He pursues her ...	Pres
Without Harlequin 's seeing him do it , he annoys him with his fishing line .	Pres
Thinking Cassander is to blame , Harlequin punches the old man , knocking him to the ground .	Pres
Columbine , indignant , slaps Harlequin 's face .	Pres
In the midst of this brawl , Cassander receives the blows of the two combatants .	Pres
Pierrot responds : " I 'm going to catch you a nice fish , and I 've got everything here to cook it with . "	Pres
He spots a fly on Cassander 's nose .	Pres
He traps the fly , but a stream of blood gushes from Cassander 's nostrils .	Pres
Pierrot delightedly sees his line drawn under the water .	Pres
At that instant , a huge whale breaks the surface .	Pres
Cassander wakes up ; Columbine and Harlequin stop what they are doing ; everyone is on the point of running away .	Pres
At that moment , the whale opens its enormous mouth , pulls on the line , and Pierrot is drawn plunging into the animal 's belly .	Pres
The whale grows visibly larger , taking up the entire stage .	Pres
The whale thrashes with intestinal convulsions , and its jolts end by drawing Pierrot from his stupor .	Pres
He lights the bundle of sticks , breaks the eggs , makes an omelet , and eats it with delight .	Pres
He opens it ; it is full of gold , which the whale has swallowed during a shipwreck .	Pres
" Some cable , " he shouts , " if you please ! "	Pres
Columbine laments ; Cassander consoles her ; Harlequin is jubilant .	Pres
At the moment of signing , Harlequin declares to the justice that he does not know how to write .	Pres
Just when Harlequin is about to make the cross , the justice pushes him away , throws off his wig and robe .	Pres
But the little that is known of him suggests an independent spirit , closer to Legrand than to Deburau " fils " .	Pres
The British Museum owns a preparatory drawing for the painting .	Pres
The range is northwest-southeast trending , but more due east on the east end .	Pres
Nebraska Northwestern intends to use the roundhouse for the repair and refurbishing of large railroad equipment .	Pres
The Köppen Climate System classifies the weather as humid continental , abbreviated as " Dfb " .	Pres
The Köppen Climate System classifies the weather as humid continental , abbreviated as " Dfb " .	Pres
TLC receives funding from the Australian federal government , and private donations from supporters of particular sites or projects such as protecting birds .	Pres
In addition , the party opposes major political reform and instead supports reforms of the Parliamentary process .	Pres
It supports coalition government , but will oppose any constitutional amendments .	Pres
The party also wants a commission of inquiry into crown-owned lands , aimed at compensating former land-owners for land taken for government use .	Pres
He grins , knowing his double-cross worked . "	Pres
" ' You don 't want to do anything too obvious .	Pres
This indicates that " the Gaignieres-Fonthill vase was not the only specimen of its kind [ in Europe at the time ] " .	Pres
Wheresville derives its name from Wheresville Sound Studio .	Pres
Interferons induce the formation of two transcriptional activators : gamma-activating factor ( GAF ) and interferon-stimulated gamma factor 3 ( ISGF3 ) .	Pres
The deficiency of LFA-1 causes neutrophils to be unable to adhere to and migrate out of blood vessels , so their counts can be high .	Pres
The minor Smolenka River separates it from the eponymous Orthodox cemetery .	Pres
Dante opens the curtains to wake everyone up to discover all of the students have hangovers .	Pres
The group spends their last day at the ski resort then pack their bags to head home .	Pres
On the way to the highway the group shares a joint but immediately put it out when they hear sirens and are pulled over .	Pres
Jenna pulls her top down to try to get out of a ticket .	Pres
At the gas station Ethan realizes they have forgotten their chains and Dante decides to go on without it .	Pres
Shortly after they are on the shortcut the car begins sliding and Dante loses all control .	Pres
The car swerves off of the road and flips before stopping .	Pres
After regaining consciousness , the students discover that Ethan has dislocated his arm .	Pres
After checking their surroundings and all hope of driving through the snow fails , Ethan suggests that they play " The Truth Game . "	Pres
Jenna reveals that she was having sex with her chemistry teacher .	Pres
Liam then reveals that he is a virgin .	Pres
Out of jealousy and anger , Dante admits that he is in love with Jenna , leaving her guilty .	Pres
Eventually , the car collapses with the pressure of the snow with Ethan in it .	Pres
The police officers discover them after a trucker notices a snowboard vertical in the snow .	Pres
The lyrics tell the story of a girl with an unrequited love who was never able to convey her feelings to the person she loved .	Pres
Stewart was not expecting this renewed success :	Pres
Just one of the torpedoes struck " Arkansas " and partially sank her but the damage was moderate and caused no casualties .	Pres
The latest coins indicate that the hoard was buried in circa AD 365 .	Pres
When they awake , they realize that two of the girls are gone , Spencer and Ali .	Pres
Aria still feels troubled over her best friend ’ s disappearance , which concerns both her parents who encourage her to reconnect with her old friends .	Pres
However , Aria sees through her dad 's concerns and reassures him that she is still keeping his secret .	Pres
The two feel an instant connection and end up hooking up in the bathrooms .	Pres
When Jenna joins them at their lunch table , her presence triggers a flashback to the night of the unknown “ Jenna Thing ” .	Pres
Ezra clearly wants nothing more than to be with Aria and tries to show her that she is the only girl he 's interested in .	Pres
On his last day working at Rosewood , Ezra is packing up his belongings in his car when Aria runs and kisses him .	Pres
She realizes that her and Ezra are meant to be together and that she loves him no matter what .	Pres
They struggle to find the right place and time to tell everyone ( excluding Spencer , Hanna , and Emily who already know ) about their relationship .	Pres
In the ninth episode , " Picture This " , Jason kisses Aria and she doesn 't exactly stop him .	Pres
Aria confides in Emily about her random relationship with Jason .	Pres
Despite her feelings for Jason , Aria agrees and stays with Ezra .	Pres
At the college fair , Aria admits to Ezra that Jason kissed her and she didn 't stop him .	Pres
They warn Aria about what they saw and she seems completely freaked out .	Pres
Aria later confronts Jason about the photos of her and he claims that they were Ali 's , so he wanted to develop them .	Pres
Aria believes him , but is still unsure about his motives .	Pres
She sees Jason at a restaurant and they begin to talk about what else Jason found of Ali 's .	Pres
Spencer jumps into Ezra 's car and Ezra looks shocked .	Pres
When Jason comes back , he sees Aria and Ezra kissing .	Pres
He lets her go and Aria rides away with Ezra .	Pres
Later that night , Ella confronts Aria about rumors a while back about Ezra possibly having a relationship with one of his students .	Pres
This discourages Aria and makes her feel like maybe Ezra and her can 't go public after all .	Pres
A tells them that if they don 't do everything the dolls want them to do by 7pm , Dr Sullivan dies .	Pres
She receives Jackie 's paper which is about to get published and another paper identical to Jackie 's .	Pres
Ella thinks Ezra is talking about Spencer and tells him that the Hastings parents will ruin him if they find out about the relationship .	Pres
Aria breaks up with Ezra , but after one month , they meet in downtown Rosewood by accident .	Pres
Aria later stops by his office to return a book , and Jackie comes in and tells her to stay away from him .	Pres
Ezra walks in during their conversation , and Jackie leaves .	Pres
After that , Ezra stops answering Aria 's phone calls , texts and E-mails .	Pres
After he hears that message he decides to meet her at the clock , thus continuing their relationship in secrecy again .	Pres
Just before the mid-season finale of season 3 , Aria discovers that Ezra has a son that he is unaware of with a woman named Maggie .	Pres
In Aria 's bedroom , Wes kisses her before she tells him that they can 't do this and he states that they can 't and leaves .	Pres
Finally Aria feels she is not a part of Ezra 's life anymore and she decides to break up with Ezra .	Pres
Aria also keeps an eye on her younger brother , Mike Montgomery , who starts dating Aria 's junior high torturer Mona Vanderwaal .	Pres
She kisses him and they have sex in Miss Me x 100 and decide to try and see where their relationship takes them .	Pres
In Season 6 , Aria escapes A 's dollhouse with the other liars , but is emotionally scarred from being tortured by Charles in the dollhouse .	Pres
Finally , Aria opens up to her father about her experiences in the dollhouse and she finishes her story in tears .	Pres
They tell her they have her file from Jessica DiLaurentis and it contains a secret that would make Ezra choose Nicole over her .	Pres
They later tell her to meet them and she goes to do so .	Pres
She stumbles upon their limo at the location and the door opens .	Pres
She steps inside and sees " A.D. " sitting there .	Pres
She later steals Lucas and Charlotte 's comic book and hands it over to " A.D. " , in exchange for a black A-Team hoodie .	Pres
She trashes the room and breaks the toys , leaving the " A " dolls hanging above the crib and slinging blood onto the side of it .	Pres
She later breaks into Alison 's in her " A " uniform to retrieve her file and leave a puzzle piece on the board .	Pres
In " Choose or Lose " , Aria shreds the file , as her apartment is raided by the police , who have a search warrant .	Pres
Aria suits up her uniform and goes to meet with " A.D. " and they tell her she looks good in the uniform .	Pres
She hears a noise and follows it , only for the Liars catch her in the uniform .	Pres
Aria later declares she is leaving the A-Team .	Pres
" Sailing at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Finn	Pres
The publisher 's best-selling title up to 1983 , " Dinner in the Diner " , had sold 30,000 copies so far .	Pres
They reside in their own quarters in the city of Bahraich .	Pres
He co-anchors the 6pm newscast weeknights with Brenda Wood and reports for the 11pm nightly broadcast .	Pres
78 fencers from 36 nations were competing .	Pres
A table below illustrates these selections , where number in brackets near fencers ' names shows their placement in 2010 Cadet World Championships :	Pres
Like other Mallaahs , they trace their ancestry to Nishad Raj , a figure that appears in the Ramayana .	Pres
In India , they tend to identify themselves as Bengalis while in Bangladesh they tend to identify themselves as Hindus .	Pres
The Buddhist Pala rulers unified Bengal into a single political entity and expanded it into an empire , conquering a major portion of North India .	Pres
Jasper asks for Charlie 's help and leads him to a private clearing in the bush .	Pres
They throw it into a nearby pond weighing it down with a big boulder .	Pres
The authorities assume she is a run-away .	Pres
Jasper decides to confront Lionel and , with Charlie , goes to his house .	Pres
Lionel manages to defuse Jasper 's aggression , and the truth is revealed : Lionel is , in fact , Jasper 's grandfather .	Pres
Eliza wants Charlie to follow her .	Pres
Eliza pulls Charlie away , and takes Charlie , unexpectedly , to the spot where Laura died .	Pres
Charlie feels he 's never going to see Jasper again .	Pres
His parents are separating , permanently .	Pres
Charlie 's father finishes the novel he ’ s been working on .	Pres
As the novel nears its end , Charlie performs a feat of " bravery " feat that impresses Corrigan 's schoolchildren .	Pres
He sneaks onto the property of Mad Jack Lionel and steals peaches .	Pres
Even Warwick Trent , the bully of Charlie and Jeffrey , believes that Charlie has shown a lot of courage .	Pres
While the children cheer on Charlie , suddenly , someone sees a plume of smoke in the distance .	Pres
Charlie believes that it was Eliza who burned the house down .	Pres
He also recognizes that Jasper will be blamed for this act of arson and forced to stay away from Corrigan for the rest of his life .	Pres
Because of his Vietnamese heritage , Jeffrey often experiences racial discrimination from the other cricketers despite his exceptional cricket abilities .	Pres
Jasper blames him for Laura 's murder after discovering the word " sorry " carved into a rusted car on his property .	Pres
He bullies Jeffrey on the cricket team and he bullies Charlie at school .	Pres
The snails primarily feed on benthic diatoms .	Pres
A trematode infects a snail with a miracidium larva that either swims to infect the snail , or hatches after the snail ingests the trematode egg .	Pres
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from the reference	Pres
It airs from 6 : 00 to 7 : 30am and 8 : 00am to 9 : 00am ET on Sunday mornings .	Pres
His daring use of intense colour matched with graphic skills marks him as a bridge between abstraction and Pop Art .	Pres
A small gabled portico extends out from the front of the verandah .	Pres
Several breaking practitioners and pioneers tend to side with the camp that does not believe breaking came from capoeira .	Pres
This dance imitates the floppy movements of the lead cartoon character as seen in the 1988 film " Who Framed Roger Rabbit " .	Pres
The accompanying dance in the song called The Shuffle combines three social dances : the Running Man , the ( half ) Charleston , and the T-step .	Pres
This article lists the official squads for the 2010 Women 's Rugby World Cup in England .	Pres
Generally , McCormack 's heroes fail in their quests	Pres
The book concerns the birth , life and travels of an orphan , who encounters a bookish sailor who shows him Knox 's book , among others .	Pres
He embarks on a journey across the world to discover the truth behind this unusual situation .	Pres
After Ann goes to bed , Joanna escapes out of her window , lets herself back into the hotel and finds Joe sitting alone downstairs .	Pres
His initial attempts to send her back to her room fail and Ann soon catches the lovers in mid-coitus .	Pres
He sits down to play cards with the remaining woman , who has no response , and whose face can 't be seen .	Pres
Whatever it was in Reuben Bercovitch and Eric Bercovici 's wan story that intrigued England 's gifted Alan Bridges fails to come across . "	Pres
Being the capital of the largest province in Pakistan brings the city one of the largest development budgets in the country .	Pres
A newly built international terminal , Allama Iqbal International Terminal , helps in the locomotion of passengers to other countries .	Pres
The Lahore Design Centre at the Punjab Small Industries Corporation maintains a separate section of carpet designing to experiment with new designs .	Pres
The meander flood plain extends from Warsak in the Northwest towards Southeast in the upper Northern half of the district .	Pres
The Kabul river enters the district in the Northwest .	Pres
Sand , gravel and boulders are important aquifer extends to a depth of about .	Pres
In this village only Sabyasachi Banerjee 's family celebrate their own DURGA puja .	Pres
Animals infected with the disease tend to hide or take cover from predators and therefore may not be seen by humans .	Pres
U-Bahn line U3 stops at Oberursel station every 15 minutes during peak hour and near-peak times and every 30 minutes at off-peak times .	Pres
The North Gate alone retains its original appearance .	Pres
Hungary also boasts the only athlete in the world to have won medals at both the Paralympics and the Olympics .	Pres
His paintings reside in museums and private collections in Russia , France , England , the U.S. , Italy , and other countries .	Pres
This table lists changes in party representation since the 1941 election but does not include United Australia Party members who retained their seats as Democratic Party members	Pres
Item scores from 1 - 2 reflect mild endorsement of the symptom	Pres
My heart is breaking with this ; my time as fleet commander has come to an inglorious end .	Pres
The Sculpture Gallery displays granite statues from the 9th century to the 17th century .	Pres
The Numismatics Gallery systematically displays ancient coins which were in circulation in the former province of Kochi and neighbouring kingdoms .	Pres
The History Gallery depicts some of the milestones of the Kochi dynasty .	Pres
The Epigraphy Gallery showcases the genesis and evolution of ancient writings .	Pres
This museum displays collections of wood carvings , metal sculptures and ancient jewellery .	Pres
Besides , the school manages every possible types of Health service programme available .	Pres
aims to give students " integral development , academic excellence " , with emphasis in religious values .	Pres
The school also conducts a ' , which consists of special courses to prepare the students for the ( PSU ) test .	Pres
The topic in the regional finals was " This house believes that social media should be censored . "	Pres
The celebrations conclude with the presentation of carnival floats created by every alliance , and a gala party .	Pres
The Tankerness peninsula is underlain by Rousay flagstones , an Old Red Sandstone of Middle Devonian age , that were deposited in Lake Orcadie .	Pres
These steps descend to a half-landing where they turn back on themselves and a further steps descend to a chamber .	Pres
Sergeant Joshua Brennan , leader of Alpha Team and one of Giunta 's best friends , was walking point .	Pres
Casey was firing his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon cyclic and Clary was firing his M203 grenade launcher as well .	Pres
He was asking for morphine .	Pres
Giunta insists that his actions were those of any man in his unit .	Pres
The Indonesian National Police meanwhile enforces the Indonesian National constitutional laws and regulations . < br >	Pres
Since June 1999 , the band has been regularly touring worldwide .	Pres
Massie identifies himself as a constitutional conservative .	Pres
He believes in intellectual property and thinks it is necessary for incentivizing innovation .	Pres
He opposes federal funding being used for abortions and supports defunding Planned Parenthood .	Pres
He supports industrial hemp farming and expanded research into medical marijuana .	Pres
Massie supports dismantling the US Department of Education .	Pres
Massie supports repealing the Affordable Care Act ( " Obamacare " ) .	Pres
Leonavičius was appearing at the Paralympics for the first time .	Pres
The Nasaasaaq ridge connects to the other latitudinal ridges approximately east of Sisimiut .	Pres
" This Is How It Is	Pres
This Is How It Is is the debut album from Original Flavor .	Pres
Other interpretations link the Dermoptera and Scandentia together in a group called Sundatheria as the sister group of the primates .	Pres
It carries a two-lane road , known as West Jefferson Avenue north of the river and as the U.S. Turnpike south of the river .	Pres
It carries the sparsely traveled Harbin Drive over the Silver Creek Canal , which drains into the Huron River .	Pres
A middle-aged penniless drunkard arrives at a sleepy village in a bus .	Pres
At the bus-stand people are talking something about some " Maruti Kamble " in a hushed tone .	Pres
Hindurao invites the drunkard to his mansion and provides him space to live in order to keep an eye on him .	Pres
He asks the drunkard some direct questions like who he is and where he comes from .	Pres
But the drunkard dodges his questions by giving some philosophical or imbecile answers .	Pres
Hindurao decides to call him " Master " ( teacher ) .	Pres
Master observes that the progress is not of the village but only of Hindurao .	Pres
He asks people about Maruti Kamble but they suddenly become silent .	Pres
Hindurao anticipates the results and contacts district administrator and politicians , but they show no inclination to help him out .	Pres
Master reaches Hindurao 's hideout and persuades him to face the reality and surrender in order to give himself a chance .	Pres
On one side , which faces south , the inscription consists of text in the younger futhark within a band that circles an image of a ship .	Pres
The highway intersects Cam Real Road , which leads to the Devils Shores community and the surrounding area .	Pres
The route bends eastward , passing the Rough Canyon Inn and a small parking lot and intersecting a small road before it continues into rural areas again .	Pres
She has been guesting on many variety shows but only notable shows and ones where she 's a fixed member is being listed .	Pres
It also addresses the situation of prisoners in Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib .	Pres
De la Pena also looks into other PATRIOT Act violations of civil liberties .	Pres
" Unconstitutional " suggests that American citizens might find themselves affected by the PATRIOT Act , even without any connection to terrorist activity .	Pres
The choir rehearses twice a week .	Pres
Like other Hindu communities , they maintain gotra exogamy .	Pres
The Tiar speak Bhojpuri and most now understand Hindi .	Pres
The mission traces its origins to September 8 , 1565 , when Admiral Pedro Menéndez de Avilés landed with a band of settlers to found St. Augustine .	Pres
Moose Brook exits the gulch by dropping over Peboamauk Fall , then continues east through the park to reach the Androscoggin River in the town of Gorham .	Pres
The campground opens on Memorial Day weekend and closes Columbus Day weekend .	Pres
The Tili caste belongs to West Bengal and Bihar.Tilis speak in Angika ( Regional language of the then Ang Pradesh in Mahabharata ) and Bengali .	Pres
They maintain the custom of clan exogamy .	Pres
Williams believes her loss was a " blessing in disguise " .	Pres
I ’ m really concentrating on the 100m because it ’ s always been a dream of mine to do the 100m at the Olympics . "	Pres
Throughout the summer season , Williams was struggling with a number of injuries .	Pres
It wasn 't nice sitting at home , and it took me a while to get over that . "	Pres
Commenting that she is now free of education and able to train full-time , " I don 't know how I did the last few years . "	Pres
They speak Bajjika , Maithili , Bhojpuri and Hindi.sheohar	Pres
That is when Vijay realizes that money cannot buy everything in life .	Pres
He also shares his interests on politics , current affairs and health & fitness .	Pres
Most of the mountain belongs to the municipality of Sant Mateu de Bages while the western part lies within the municipalities of Pinós and La Molsosa .	Pres
Chu currently resides in Los Angeles , CA .	Pres
We fear that he has gotten himself into some shit too deep , he ’ s not comfortable to share with us .	Pres
Efforts to make the lands legal and to install municipal services began around the same time .	Pres
The 3rd Battalion , 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment traces its lineage in Battery C , 319th Field Artillery Regiment .	Pres
The rural municipality maintains its office in Bruno , Saskatchewan .	Pres
Statistics for October 2012 suggest that among university graduates in the United Kingdom , 62 % have jobs six months after university and 9 % are unemployed .	Pres
At that time the ranch was sending 500 to 600 cattle to market each year .	Pres
The ranch property displays original irrigation ditches , fences , gates , and feed racks plus vintage equipment purchased from the Cant family in 1978 .	Pres
The front of the main house faces Highway 19 with the back porch overlooking the river .	Pres
The eastern , river-view porch extends around the house , continuing about half the building 's length along the north and south sides .	Pres
The piece lasts roughly 22 minutes .	Pres
The ordering of these plant species already hints at a natural arrangement and grouping of species , prior to the work of Carl Linnaeus .	Pres
His family currently resides in Colorado .	Pres
In addition , Five of a Kind also produces original training videos in Chinese , with the aim of educating poker players on advanced game strategy .	Pres
They generally solve cases before the town 's police inspector , D. L. K .	Pres
He carries lots of gizmos in his backpack which get the team out of trouble .	Pres
He normally wears sports shirts and treats his sister , Nikki , like a baby .	Pres
Among the various gizmos he has obtained from his father are tracking devices , powder acid and other different and useful chemicals .	Pres
A big crossword puzzle fanatic , she likes to solve mysteries in a research-based manner .	Pres
Rohit is always quarrelling with Farhan and its pretty funny , normally .	Pres
He also knows the history , geography and topography of the city ( and almost all other cities ) inside out .	Pres
He is always hoping for a promotion and tries to solve mysteries before C.I.A .	Pres
He expects every visitor to buy shoes , and is often disdainful towards those who don 't come for that .	Pres
Not surprisingly , he refuses to assist the CIA outright , but is often fooled by Rohit 's disguises as well as other plans used on him .	Pres
He often keeps mentioning his own name with pride , and proudly flaunts his responsibility of taking charge of the local police station .	Pres
He speaks a regional dialect , and runs a gang , all of whom wear khaki uniforms and carry weapons , ranging from firearms to knives .	Pres
It airs a Spanish format from sunrise to sunset .	Pres
It manages the Koodalmanikyam Temple .	Pres
It airs a Classic Pop format to the central Florida Panhandle and central southern Alabama .	Pres
Of the vineyards that produce their Champagne , Salon 's own Jardin de Salon comprises only 1 hectare ( 2.5 acres ) of planted grapes .	Pres
Each time , in the repeating chorus , her mother seeks to comfort her , asking " how can I help you to say goodbye ? "	Pres
The urban area of Sinceny extends west into the commune in the north .	Pres
The Oise river passes to the north of the commune and the Canal Saint-Lazare branches off it and through the north of the commune .	Pres
Members of the band are talking band history .	Pres
After the criminal Dilawar Khan is released from jail he decides to get revenge as her father testified against him in court .	Pres
Khan kidnaps Amiran and decides to sell her in Lucknow .	Pres
She eventually gains her first client , ( earning her the suffix of " jaan " ) but prefers the impoverished Gauhar Mirza , her friend .	Pres
Umrao Jaan attracts the handsome and wealthy Nawab Sultan .	Pres
As Umrao Jaan continues to see Nawab Sultan and also serve other clients , she supports Gauhar Mirza with her earnings .	Pres
A new client , the mysterious Faiz Ali , showers Umrao Jaan with jewels and gold , but warns her not to tell anyone about his gifts .	Pres
When he invites her to travel to Farrukhabad , Khanum Jaan refuses so Umrao Jaan must run away .	Pres
" I Try to Think About Elvis	Pres
" I Try to Think About Elvis " is a song written by Gary Burr , and recorded by American country music artist Patty Loveless .	Pres
At large sample sizes ( i.e. , as N approaches infinity ) , the expected value approaches zero .	Pres
Values significantly below -1 / ( N-1 ) indicate negative spatial autocorrelation and values significantly above -1 / ( N-1 ) indicate positive spatial autocorrelation .	Pres
Domestic producers still suffer from a lack of scale .	Pres
CNGGC also controls Zhongji Gold , the first publicly listed gold mining company in China .	Pres
Multibillion-dollar Indian Liberty Group owns two mines in China , and is scheduled to start mining in 2012	Pres
Sino Gold has been buying stakes in Chinese gold deposits and explorers .	Pres
Chinese market demand accounts for 9.2 % of worldwide gold consumption .	Pres
The club now owns him outright .	Pres
Breton legend connects Gildas with Brittany .	Pres
After that , one either bows with the elbows and head onto the ground , or by fully outstretching one 's entire body .	Pres
Such an offering indicates respect through one 's entire being , as represented by the five senses .	Pres
A common Pali chant starts with " Namo tassa ... " , and is often chanted to introduce a ceremony .	Pres
In these visualizations , practitioners imagine Amitābha Buddha , the Pure Land , and after that , themselves being reborn there .	Pres
By focusing on the exemplary aspects of one 's teacher , who is also visualized in meditation , one develops faith in the practice .	Pres
Rice-Eccles Stadium at the University of Utah , location of the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2002 Winter Olympics , bears his name .	Pres
The 13th century Château de Kintzheim overlooks the settlement and marks the edge of the game rich forests of the Vosges Mountains .	Pres
An alternative etymology attaches the Gallic word " cuno " ( cone ) to the Germanic " Heim " .	Pres
The Rathsamhausen and Kagen families rebuilt it , however , between 1300 and 1306 .	Pres
This explains the presence of Ortenbourg Castle during the 12th century .	Pres
Wimmenau experiences an average of 1635 hours of sunshine a year ( the average for France is 1900 hours ) .	Pres
Route D12 connects the town of Wimmenau with the hamlet of Kohlhuette .	Pres
Route D157 connects the town of Wimmenau with Reipertswiller .	Pres
Génia also undertakes educational work and regularly holds workshops and master-classes , lectures and individual tuition .	Pres
Lucien Blumer , painter , divides his time between Strasbourg and Gertwiller .	Pres
The museum displays over 6,000 exhibits ( teddy bears , dolls , play shops , dollhouses and miniatures ) in arranged vignettes .	Pres
It also regularly organizes special exhibitions on individual themes .	Pres
This list comprises the entire " Beatmania " , " Beatmania IIDX " and " Beatmania III " catalog of music video games .	Pres
It adjoins the hill Hausbergen , which represents the foothills of the Vosges du Nord region Kochersberg .	Pres
The discovery of tombs from the third century BC indicates that the site was occupied during the Celtic period .	Pres
Fields is an unincorporated community in Madison Township , Morgan County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .	Pres
This bears a representation of 2 torcs that he was awarded for valour and states his claim to have captured Decebalus .	Pres
There exists a Fairy Tale Center in the town .	Pres
It carries itself sprightly and alert .	Pres
Although some commentators have linked the day with racism , Padstonians insist that this is not the case and deny both the description and the allegations .	Pres
Additionally , when interviewed , some local participants were asserting that they were celebrating the day that black slaves had off for leisure .	Pres
Although Mummer 's Day is a centuries-old tradition , the act of performing minstrel songs owes its origins to the late 19th and early 20th century .	Pres
The European Commission considers high connectivity to be beneficial , and has listed several interconnection projects as " Projects of Common Interest " .	Pres
They combine urban music , hip hop , R & B and dancehall with their own upbringing as UK Desis .	Pres
However , Luxembourg participates in and has members in the , despite French being only a co-official language , just like German .	Pres
Contestants who previously competed or will be competing at other international beauty pageants :	Pres
Their debut album , " Nothing 's Shocking " , was released in 1988 on Warner Bros. Records .	Pres
Astrée and her aunt from Sweden are vacationing in Puerto Rico .	Pres
Upon embarkation , she spontaneously decides to stay ; she runs down the gangway , finds him waiting for her , and soon is married .	Pres
They are departing for Puerto Rico to investigate the mysterious and deadly " Puerto Rico fever " .	Pres
He wants him to learn about bullfighting , while she has been teaching him about snow and Sweden .	Pres
Thus Don Pedro decides to take the education of Juan out of her hands .	Pres
Don Pedro learns about Astrée ’ s plans and suspects that Dr. Nagel is involved .	Pres
He invites him for a soiree to have an opportunity to have his hotel room searched and gain evidence against him for his arrest and deportation .	Pres
Don Pedro learns that the hotel room has provided the evidence to arrest Dr. Nagel .	Pres
It presents an interesting but fanciful image of Puerto Rico , mixing curiosity about the exotic , fantasy , and prejudice .	Pres
A man from the 30th century named Dr. Butler kidnaps Fred Flintstone 's pet Dino and Barney 's pet Hoppy .	Pres
With each stage Fred completes , he earns back another piece of the time machine , and Gazoo welds together the pieces progressively .	Pres
The NGA also publishes " The Last Post " , which contains the names of republicans who died in pursuit of republican objectives since 1916 .	Pres
After a sexual encounter , she bursts into a sobbing confession of her dissatisfaction with her life , both past and present .	Pres
The proposition concerns a new drug called Sepman Eighteen , which produces a mild euphoria .	Pres
The three men strike him as harmless cranks , and Ravenstreet suggests that they stay with him at his house .	Pres
Ravenstreet approaches the trio the next morning , and , still somewhat sceptical , asks for more information .	Pres
The magicians ask Ravenstreet to hold the next meeting at Broxley Manor so that they can inspect Lord Mervil and his associates .	Pres
Perperek announces that he has seen Karney somewhere before — in 1921 , in a police station in Constantinople , charged with smuggling .	Pres
Lord Mervil demands to know who the three strangers really are ; Wayland humiliates him and somehow prompts a decompensation which ends in his fainting .	Pres
He talks to the foreman , Tom Hurdlow , and surprises him by agreeing to finance his son 's new business .	Pres
The inquest , presided over by a self-important coroner named T. Brigden Coss , descends into farce when Perperek is called as a witness .	Pres
When the inquest is over , Ravenstreet hurries to the station with Inspector Triffett , where they find all the policemen aphasic and Perperek missing .	Pres
It is a member of the Communauté de communes des Villes d 'Oyse .	Pres
He currently manages Genêts Anglet .	Pres
The gene produces a hormone , called leptin , that is produced predominantly in adipose tissue .	Pres
Many sites recommend using a potting product to protect sensitive electronic components from impact , vibration , and loose wires .	Pres
As an alternative , many circuit board assembly houses coat assemblies with a layer of transparent conformal coating rather than potting .	Pres
Additionally , " People Hold On ...	Pres
And yet she isn 't afraid to cut loose , as on ' It 's Got to Be Real . '	Pres
Next to the motivational and emotional system , Psi-theory suggests a neuro-symbolic model of representation , which encodes semantic relationships in a hierarchical spreading activation network .	Pres
Psi-theory suggests hierarchical networks of nodes as a universal mode of representation for declarative , procedural and tacit knowledge .	Pres
At any time , the Psi agent possesses a world model ( " situation image " ) .	Pres
The choice of the dominant motive depends on the anticipated probability of satisfying the associated urge and the strength of the urge signal .	Pres
" Perceptual learning " comprises the assimilation / accommodation of new / existing schemas by hypothesis based perception .	Pres
Language extends cognition by affording the categorical organization of concepts and by aiding in meta-cognition .	Pres
The young chicks freeze and crouch when alarmed and the cryptic plumage make them hard to detect .	Pres
The theory originates in the work of Grothendieck completed by 1969 and Gabriel – Ulmer ( 1971 ) .	Pres
Some properties of accessible categories depend on the set universe in use , particularly on the cardinal properties and Vopěnka 's principle .	Pres
Influenced by the great drummers of ' 60s Ringo Starr , or Keith Moon , Delfín confesses his predilection and admiration for Charlie Watts .	Pres
Because of this choice , stamps differ repetitively from one another .	Pres
One mean to recognize the colonial Ceres stamps was the cancellation with a three letter code for each colony .	Pres
WHVP in fact slightly underestimates portal pressure due to sinusoidal equilibration in patients without cirrhosis , but the difference between the two is clinically insignificant .	Pres
An HVPG of ≥ 5 mmHg defines portal hypertension , and if the measurement exceeds 10 mmHg it is called clinically significant portal hypertension .	Pres
In " Sounds " magazine , the album was described as " essential alternative sound " and later as " gutsy , emotional and melodic " .	Pres
As a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security , Meehan chairs the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence .	Pres
The bill aims to make key improvements in security for important infrastructure .	Pres
Within Haringey , it borders White Hart Lane to the east .	Pres
It also borders Edmonton in Enfield to its north and Lea Valley to the east .	Pres
This album also marks the professional debut of indie rap artist Cage .	Pres
The movement aims to create educational programs that interrogate the intersection of social , political , economic and environmental systems .	Pres
Both supporters and critics of ecopedagogy agree that historically , critical educators in the West have been largely unsuccessful at addressing environmental issues in their classrooms .	Pres
However , much disagreement still exists between critics and supporters of ecopedagogy on the ethics , theoretical approach , and methodology of this pedagogical style .	Pres
In this view , ecopedagogy is akin to an educational Trojan horse that is little more than a vehicle for transmitting Western culture and domination .	Pres
Here , critics argue that in valuing individualism , ecopedagogy fails to attend to traditional eco-centered cultures ' already deep connection to the non-human world .	Pres
Ecopedagogy emphasizes the necessity of praxis alongside theory .	Pres
Greta Gaard outlines the necessity for children 's environmental literature to encompass the following core aspects of ecopedagogy :	Pres
The fork at the end of the line creates operational issues – a single train cannot serve both terminal stations efficiently .	Pres
Marion Drive , the access road for the station parking lot , crosses the line at grade just east of the platform .	Pres
This page discusses the grammar of Modern Standard Punjabi as defined by the relevant sources below ( see # Bibliography ) .	Pres
Tildes denote nasalized vowels , while grave and acute accents denote low and high tones respectively .	Pres
Punjabi distinguishes two genders , two numbers , and five cases of direct , oblique , vocative , ablative , and locative / instrumental .	Pres
The continuous forms periphrastically through compounding with the perfective of " ráíṇā " " to stay " .	Pres
The perfective aspect thus displays split ergativity .	Pres
The fork at the end of the line creates operational issues - a single train cannot serve both terminal stations efficiently .	Pres
He also possesses the Senior Army Aviator Badge , the Master Parachutist Badge , French , German & British Parachutist Badge , and is Ranger qualified .	Pres
JPAC negotiations ensure positive in-country conditions are maintained or established for investigative and recovery operations .	Pres
It feeds on small fruit and berries , but will also take insects .	Pres
The " Quenneton " stream joins the Ru de Retz south of the town at the commune boundary from the west .	Pres
The D643 road also enters the commune from Achery in the west through the village and continuing east to Nouvion-le-Comte .	Pres
The " Ru des Rieux " flows through the village from its source to the west and flows south-west into the " Ravine de la Dhuys " .	Pres
The Autoroute des Anglais ( A26 , E17 ) traverses the commune from north to south-east but there is no exit in the commune .	Pres
It discharges into the Bicaz near Bicaz-Chei .	Pres
His stakes winning progeny included :	Pres
No high-definition transfer of the original cut currently exists at MGM .	Pres
The movie version overflows with affection and good intention , but unwittingly turns a bauble of cheerful fakery into something that mostly feels phony . "	Pres
But the folly sometimes pays off .	Pres
The tables below lists these teams together with the reasons for qualifying .	Pres
The 1946 sheet music of the song credits the composers as Al Jolson and Saul Chaplin with music by Iosif Ivanovici .	Pres
This song is also sang in the Japanese movie " Tree Without Leaves " ( Rakuyoju , 1986 ) .	Pres
" Boa imperator " is wide-ranging , with animals living in both Central America and northern parts of South America .	Pres
The size of the prey item increases as it ages .	Pres
It winters to the northern Malay peninsula .	Pres
Although sharing similar habits and shape , the two species differ in plumage and both may show slight sexual dimorphism .	Pres
They are skulking but can be confiding .	Pres
Mice manufactured by Apple typically emphasize use of a single button control interface .	Pres
This find marks the first time that a Morrison pterosaur has been found at more than one site in the formation .	Pres
They now accommodate various schools and colleges from around the region during the winter months .	Pres
It links ports in the western coast of India to the Chabahar port and covers the road and rail links between Chabahar and the Afghan border .	Pres
A part of the agreement pertains to a memorandum of understanding worth $ 600 million for Iran to purchase locomotives and freight cars from India .	Pres
Scholar Neil Padukone however disagrees that India has a goal of encircling Pakistan .	Pres
The US also sees the Indian presence in greater Central Asia beneficial for spreading the soft power of democratic and friendly regimes .	Pres
India hopes to see the Western countries use the Chabahar route to link to Afghanistan and reduce their dependence on Pakistan .	Pres
The win over Oklahoma State marks Iowa State 's first ever win against an opponent in the top 6 .	Pres
The building housing the smithy still exists and has been converted from a tumbledown building into a cottage called The Nook which was built in 1776 .	Pres
The school still retains the original name .	Pres
Many accounts of wrecks and rescues describe the use of the Coston flare , which was instrumental in saving thousands of lives .	Pres
The Sturgis One Room School Museum illustrates how education was conducted in the local area during the early 20th century	Pres
It heads to the east , winding through the forest where it passes Summit Peak .	Pres
Near Old Baldy Mountain , the route enters the Mount Rushmore National Monument area .	Pres
It curves around the park and heads back to the north .	Pres
When Videtich ’ s isn ’ t playing football , he enjoys golfing and watching college football .	Pres
The university adopts the American system of education .	Pres
NDU Libraries guests and visitors are allowed to access and use the library ’ s resources within the confines of the library only .	Pres
It reflects the normal Kenyan culture about the relationships the house helps have with their bosses .	Pres
Maria frequently lapses into long inner monologues throughout the book , reflecting on gender , heteronormativity , and social conditioning .	Pres
Of his first sale , Sanchez writes in the New Grove :	Pres
The sound [ of the Belt Dulcken replica ] is ravishing in its clarity and expressive powers .	Pres
On the Dulcken reproduction one hears nothing of clattering actions or the death-rattles of sainted strings .	Pres
A stroke of luck paid off for them , as O 'Donnell narrates :	Pres
His biographers ( Sanchez , Sheeley , O 'Donnell , Kunkel ) mention an interest in " spiritual " matters .	Pres
The third part examines the nationalization of Qatar 's oil industry and its future outlooks .	Pres
Wilson 's musical style spans several genres , blues , jazz , soul , R & B , and pop .	Pres
The Bridge spans the river Lima , a branch of the Serchio , and links Fornoli and Chifenti .	Pres
The plaques ( one in Latin the other in Italian ) recognize the patronage of the Duke of Tuscany via Bettino Ricasoli .	Pres
It is one of the Telangana Flagship programmes to rejuvenate degraded forests , protecting these forests from threats such as smuggling , encroachment , fire and grazing .	Pres
The Forest Department posts survival percentage details on the Department website .	Pres
Halieutichthys bispinosus , belongs to the Ogcocephalidae family of batfish .	Pres
The common mantle of this species grows from 5 to 11 cm .	Pres
Males exhibit various displays to attract females for coitus .	Pres
Males die shortly after spawning .	Pres
The school 's team currently competes in the Sun Belt Conference .	Pres
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1944 .	Pres
Some studies indicate that there is a natural limit , set at 1.6R , below which nearly all planets are terrestrial , composed primarily of rock-iron-water mixtures .	Pres
The average depth of the oceans also affects the habitability of a planet .	Pres
Research suggests that plate tectonics peaks in activity in bodies with a mass between 1 and 5M , with an optimum mass of approximately 2M .	Pres
The star 's type largely determines the conditions present in a system .	Pres
Some collaboration and some work that would later be merged into AV1 predates the official launch of the Alliance .	Pres
Software development happens in the open using a public source code repository and issue tracking system , and welcomes contributions from the general public .	Pres
This involves an explanation of the costs and influence these plans will have on citizens and companies .	Pres
Furthermore , the Budget Memorandum also discusses the general situation of the economy of the Netherlands .	Pres
You feel her presence and her sensibility , moment to moment on the surface , in the painting . ”	Pres
Gradually the sense of fullness moves the work to a great focus and compression of materials , ideas , and energies .	Pres
It heads in southeasterly direction and passes Bristol Caverns and finally comes to an end at US 421 .	Pres
They exhibit protandry , meaning the breeding male will change to female if the sole breeding female dies , with the largest non-breeder becomes the breeding male .	Pres
In 2012 , the Top Blokes Foundation established mentoring programs to address the health outcomes of young males and delivers long-term mentoring programs in schools and communities .	Pres
The below statistics underpins the Top Blokes Foundation rationale for focusing on young male health :	Pres
The foundation aims to achieve this mission through four core programs .	Pres
Samuel likes to be known as George .	Pres
Children spend years learning their mother tongue , and the process continues well into their school years .	Pres
The ability for learners to develop their language skills depends to a large extent on the type of language input that they receive .	Pres
In reality , learners ' first languages and their additional languages become part of an integrated system .	Pres
Lukens oversaw the renovations and updating of the historical society 's main building and other facilities .	Pres
The episode reveals that Garnet is a fusion , and introduces the characters Ruby and Sapphire , Garnet 's component Gems .	Pres
She sends Steven to find Amethyst ( Michaela Dietz ) and Pearl ( Deedee Magno Hall ) and free them from their cells .	Pres
After he leaves , Jasper arrives to see Garnet back together .	Pres
Garnet and Jasper 's battle destroys the ship 's power core , causing a crash-landing onto Earth as Peridot flees in an escape pod .	Pres
Jasper convinces Lapis to fuse with her to defeat the Crystal Gems .	Pres
In the combat scene between Jasper and Garnet , Jasper 's fighting style pays homage to the video game character Sonic the Hedgehog .	Pres
An Autostraddle article compares their relationship and fusion to a marriage , where " two parts [ make ] one whole " .	Pres
It grows in shrubland and on rocky areas behind beaches .	Pres
Nikki performs regularly with his violinist brother , Timothy Chooi .	Pres
The novel focuses on the activities of professional honey-hunter Benjamin Boden , nicknamed " Ben Buzz " .	Pres
The Fred Hughes Collection at the George A. Spiva Library documents the history of Missouri Southern State University between 1964 and 1983 .	Pres
Candice Pillay performs the intro to the song , as well as the hook .	Pres
Dr. Dre performs the first verse .	Pres
Anderson .Paak performs the bridge .	Pres
Eminem raps the second verse .	Pres
The Red Revenues ( ) are Qing dynasty Chinese revenue stamps that were overprinted ( surcharged ) to be used as postage stamps in 1897 .	Pres
The red symbolizes good luck and fortune in Chinese tradition .	Pres
Through song and dance , as well as hands on tactile activities , Jay ’ s Jungle celebrates the importance of teamwork and creativity .	Pres
It inherits the concept of Gurukul .	Pres
Other causes encompass overall affordability and credit ratings of the borrowers looking to buy homes for the first time .	Pres
It centres on a cluster of wrongful murder convictions in Perth .	Pres
" Kinosternon flavescens flavescens " , yellow mud turtle < br >	Pres
A man discovers the qualities of his wife 's friends , that he had always hated .	Pres
The Article mentions Gipmochi as being on Bhutan border , but no other details regarding Bhutan were given .	Pres
They sang three stanzas of " America " .	Pres
KingBonn implies that the new media movie-TV-animation industry will thrive and soar .	Pres
The IPD promotes dialogue among intellectuals in both Armenia and Azerbaijan .	Pres
Arif Yunus defends those who suffer from torture and condemns the imprisonment of people for political reasons .	Pres
The enclos paroissial or Parish close of Locronan comprises the parish church with adjoining chapel and a calvary .	Pres
His head lays on a cushion with an angel with closed wings reclining on each side of the cushion .	Pres
Both compositions involve six people and the Notre-Dame-de-Bonne-Nouvelle is reckoned to be a copy of that at Penity .	Pres
In the Pénity pietà Mary Magdalene wears a Medici type costume whilst Nicodemus wears clothes that were worn in the reign of Henry II .	Pres
" Karumbu " in Tamil means sugarcane and the main linga is in the form of a bunch of sugarcane stems tied together .	Pres
Woo is reportedly pursuing potential opportunities overseas , including possible projects in China .	Pres
FADFED generates both written and oral discussion and debate on subject topics , and thus raises awareness of often controversial or politically sensitive issues .	Pres
The episode marks the return of Alex Kingston as River Song , making her first appearance alongside Peter Capaldi 's Twelfth Doctor .	Pres
This also marks the first appearance of Nardole , who would become a companion starting from the next episode .	Pres
River , who has not yet met the Doctor 's present incarnation , fails to recognise him and increasingly frustrates him with her flirtations with Hydroflax .	Pres
Being a cyborg , he detaches his head from his mechanical body for safety and orders it to kill them .	Pres
Believing Nardole to have information about River , Hydroflax ’ s body ( which operates independently ) decapitates him to use his head as its own .	Pres
Although the Doctor is convinced that River knows who he is , she denies it .	Pres
She reveals she purposely crashed Hydroflax ’ s ship in their location knowing the Doctor would be in the area with his TARDIS .	Pres
River decides they will just have to borrow it instead , which she has apparently done before without the Doctor 's knowledge .	Pres
Sensing that Hydroflax 's head is beyond recovery and will die imminently , Hydroflax 's body destroys it , leaving only the diamond .	Pres
Then , upon seeing the steady gaze and mild smirk on the Doctor 's face , River realises he has been with her all along .	Pres
The Doctor confirms this by whispering " Hello sweetie " .	Pres
Realising that they cannot save the ship , they flee into the TARDIS , but the impact of the crash knocks River unconscious .	Pres
Having avoided taking River to Darillium for as long as possible to delay their last date together , the Doctor decides to give in to the inevitable .	Pres
The Doctor only responds by saying , " Spoilers " .	Pres
He insists that there is no way to avoid the end of their times together and refuses to tell River the future .	Pres
River mentions that the Doctor had postponed it several times , one of which was shown in the mini-episode " Last Night " .	Pres
The cinema releases included an additional interview with Alex Kingston and a behind-the-scenes featurette .	Pres
In Yan 'an , Mao Zedong and Zhu De talks about setbacks suffered by NRA in Japanese attacks .	Pres
Meanwhile , Chiang Kai-shek was listening to the broadcast in his house when Lin Sen talk to him about the history of anti-Japanese resistance of China .	Pres
Mao also listens to the broadcast .	Pres
Later , Tada commands a Collaborator to Okazaki to infiltrate the CPC 's depot headed by Master Feng and returns his medal .	Pres
Peng also inspects several volunteers preparing clothes and explains to Zuo the importance of the offensive when 120th Division gives them telegrams .	Pres
Peng later honors the casualties and swears revenge upon Guanjianao , a major IJA stronghold and Okazaki 's HQ .	Pres
Casualties were rising on both sides , especially on the caves where Japanese are holed .	Pres
Okazaki relays a message on Tada instead of Kasahara that air support must be directed to him and wears the medal he has .	Pres
He completes his map , while Hayao messed his and cried .	Pres
She considers her father , Vinod Modi as her strongest support and inspiration as he had worked with Shomu Mukherjee long back as an assistant .	Pres
His personal best of 3 : 42 : 54 set in Huangshan on 6 March 2016 ranks him # 75 of all time .	Pres
The series has been airing on Channel 5 Milkshake !	Pres
Additionally , the series broadcasts on the Cartoonito channel , with the Welsh language version airing on S4C Cyw .	Pres
The centre receives around 600 visits per week .	Pres
It deals with the protection of civil rights and the guarantee of the penal system .	Pres
Particularly , it fosters processing and debates on the model of criminal and procedural law in Italy and its evolution .	Pres
Moreover , it promotes campaigns of information and awareness on issues or particular aspects , however , always related to the legal culture of our country .	Pres
It collects , conserves and organizes official documents , texts and specialized magazines .	Pres
Stefano Anastasia is covering the role of ombudsman of Antigone .	Pres
Archaeological excavations of the church ruin and historical records , suggests that the cemetery and the coast , used to extend further east than nowadays .	Pres
The series focuses on a young woman who is sent to prison .	Pres
This ensures zoo-born tigers develop hunting and other survival skills in a controlled natural environment prior to their return to the wild .	Pres
Matsumura likes anime and desires to be a voice actress .	Pres
Only moves involving Primeira Liga clubs are listed .	Pres
One panel found in the shop , designated with the letter Epsilon , depicts a roaring lion .	Pres
For Sir Kevin Sinfeild , Jamie Peacock and Kylie Leuluai ( Leeds ) it was their last game of professional rugby league before retirement .	Pres
Leeds forwards now start to show tiredness , Walters on .	Pres
31 metres out and directly in front of the posts , Shaun Wane decides that his team should go for the two-pointer .	Pres
Matty Bowen converts to continue his 100 % record with the boot on the night .	Pres
The stream then crosses Pennsylvania Route 147 and a railroad and reaches its confluence with the Susquehanna River .	Pres
Hallowing Run joins the Susquehanna River upriver of its mouth .	Pres
Flash flooding impacts some reaches of Hallowing Run .	Pres
He competes in the 20 km and the 50 km events and is employed by the Uttarakhand State Police .	Pres
In return , the clownfish defends the anemone from its predators , and parasites .	Pres
The Trust has been organising the Ragasri Music Festival every year and has awarded titles and honorariums to several musicologists and writers .	Pres
Some panels enclose historically native seeds , ash , honey and resin , while others have verses from poetry written by Australian writers and poets .	Pres
The work aims to highlight the native natural environment and indigenous history , as well as the importance of historical preservation through botanical conservatories .	Pres
A large glassed-in porch extends to the right , and a gabled porch shelters the front entry .	Pres
Believing that he is responsible for the death of a fellow rider , a jockey develops a fear of the racetrack .	Pres
Racehorse owner Whit Galtry wants his horse Virginia 's Pride to win so he can buy a new automobile for his daughter Virginia .	Pres
The screenplay concerns a spoiled young woman who has to get and keep a job before she is entitled to claim her inheritance .	Pres
The obverse reproduces Daniel Chester French 's statue " The Minute Man " that stands in Concord .	Pres
The reverse depicts the Old Belfry , located in Lexington , where a bell was sounded to assemble the local militia .	Pres
Day 's work " creates a liminal space wherein references to strange historical anecdotes share a stage with more introspective and personal utterances . "	Pres
QDL comprises one of the largest online collections of historic records on the Persian Gulf countries .	Pres
The ( dis ) balance between burden / vulnerabilities and resources of the caregiver determines the consequences of a care situation .	Pres
The assessment of caregiver burden enables to judge the situation of the caregiver .	Pres
The BSFC exists in a detailed version with 28 items , and in a short , more efficient version ( BFSC-s ) with ten items .	Pres
The score measures the total burden .	Pres
I suspect he and most other musicians will find it very difficult to top this excellent recording ! "	Pres
The township also survives , with a small population .	Pres
Rankings reflect that of the Sports Network poll for that week .	Pres
The device carries an IP rating of IP65 and IP68 , making it dust and water resistant .	Pres
Located between the Coropuna and Sabancaya volcanoes , it is formed from a number of lava domes and scoria cones that have generated lava flows .	Pres
Many of them predate the last glaciation , given the degree of weathering and aeolian burying .	Pres
The petrology suggests that the lavas from the field formed in deep magma chambers with little contamination in shallow level magma chambers .	Pres
First , his characteristic of creating a symphony between ink and colour enables him to bring out the features typical of his region .	Pres
She currently competes for the Oregon State Beavers gymnastics team .	Pres
She has been dancing with the Royal Swedish Ballet since 2004 and in 2007 was appointed second soloist .	Pres
" 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football rankings	Pres
Unlike the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , bestows the national championship title through a 24-team tournament .	Pres
The following weekly polls determine the top 25 teams at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision level of college football for the 2015 season .	Pres
He selects the topics for his books by writing about things he wants to know more about .	Pres
He feels that empirical data provides an anchor for these people to " return to reality " and that science without evidence is " most dangerous " .	Pres
Science writer Tony Hey writes that " Beyond Measure " was written for graduate and undergraduate physics students as an overview of quantum mechanics .	Pres
keeps the palm-trees-at-twilight feel , but the sound is more hazy R & B than rock " .	Pres
ONIE enables switch hardware suppliers , distributors and resellers to manage their operations based on a small number of hardware SKUs .	Pres
It exceeds all my expectations , with regard to the destruction .	Pres
It looks like a city entirely destroyed by earthquakes .	Pres
The consulate ’ s flag flew half-mast .	Pres
The Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley is piloting both individual social care budgets and the Right to Control scheme to provide personal budgets integrated across different services .	Pres
The river originates near Narasimha Parvatha and passes through Agumbe forests and flows near Hebri , Barkur and joins Suvarna river , before joining Arabian sea .	Pres
Peng ( 2010 : 1 ) divides Tongdao Pinghua into 4 main dialects .	Pres
Shi ( 2015 ) recognizes the 4 Tongdao Pinghua dialects of :	Pres
DP-65 high explosive grenades RG-55M are akin to miniature depth charges equipped with jet engine with an annular stabilizer .	Pres
The Internet suddenly stops working and society collapses from its loss .	Pres
Through this platform she organises the annual Worship Master Class and The Voice Academy .	Pres
If we multiply formula _ 13 by formula _ 24 we obtain :	Pres
It predominates over high-temperature dislocation-dependent mechanisms only at low stresses , and then only for fine-grained materials .	Pres
In contrast , in Coble creep atoms diffuse along grain boundaries and the creep rate varies inversely with the cube of the grain size .	Pres
Citizens ask politicians and employees direct questions and await quick answers .	Pres
In a " Booklist " article , Ray Olson compares the book to Philip Yancey 's " What 's So Amazing About Grace ?	Pres
In 1628 , Morgan 's regiments were surviving on what he described as a diet of cats and dogs .	Pres
The college grants the bachelor 's degree in primary and secondary education , business studies , and hospitality and tourism management .	Pres
It also separates the pleural cavity from the mediastinum .	Pres
It separates the pleural cavity from the mediastinum .	Pres
The contraction of the diaphragm creates a negative pressure within the pleural cavity which forces the lungs to expand resulting in passive exhalation and active inhalation .	Pres
Colt cites his early musical influences as The Beatles , Jimi Hendrix , and Led Zeppelin .	Pres
For some reason , the United States FBI is keeping him under surveillance .	Pres
Each selected faculty member identifies 2-5 of her / his students for participation based on demographic guidelines established by CURM .	Pres
Boile Run joins the Susquehanna River upriver of its mouth .	Pres
This unit also degrades into brain terrain .	Pres
Dry ice behaves in a similar fashion on the Earth .	Pres
It drapes various surfaces , as if it fell evenly .	Pres
Models predict that the obliquity or tilt of the rotational axis has varied from its present 25 degrees to maybe over 80 degrees over geological time .	Pres
Seat and back are self-supporting and connected by a narrow waist .	Pres
This interlocking pattern greatly reduces swelling and shrinking and generates more resistance in the surface .	Pres
The lengths of the log sections are based on the veneer sizes required for the orders .	Pres
The pressing time depends on the thickness of the molded parts .	Pres
This ensures for the high load capacity and pleasant vibrations of cantilever chairs made of laminated wood , for example .	Pres
It guarantees long-lasting furniture that endures even frequent use as in schools , for instance .	Pres
Most of their clientele were seeking high cost fine art .	Pres
Since 2013 , Psychiko has been competing in the Greek 2nd Division .	Pres
Galway were hoping to claim their 9th championship .	Pres
Dublin were hoping to win their first All-Ireland title .	Pres
The statue depicts a Confederate Army soldier , standing facing north , holding the upper stock of his rifle , which is grounded .	Pres
Linda Colley characterises him as an " inarticulate " Tory of the Country Party .	Pres
The Tool library performs the following main tasks :	Pres
While the monastery buildings are still intact , local monks now reside at other monasteries in the area and act as caretakers for the site .	Pres
Rubinstein also writes : " Kremer 's uninflected surfaces and smooth contours mark him as an heir of Ellsworth Kelly . "	Pres
enables Kremer to harness the sensations that arise from our day-to- day encounters . "	Pres
Kremer captures screenshots of image searches and presents them as large-scale ink jet prints .	Pres
he hails from the Majeerteen Harti Darod clan .	Pres
The cast of True Colors : OUT Youth Theater transforms their struggles into performance for social change .	Pres
With humor , directness , and attitude , the troupe captivates audiences surprised to hear such stories in school settings .	Pres
ULA expects the first launch of the new rocket to occur in April 2021 .	Pres
As of February 2018 , Aerojet Rocketdyne is asking for additional funds from USAF to complete work on the AR-1 engine .	Pres
For effective direct fire , the gun-howitzers typically employ a fairly long barrel , usually not shorter than 30 calibres .	Pres
Isle of Wight County currently retains ownership of the museum ’ s collection and the building itself .	Pres
Gwaltney Jr . ’ s famous pet ham currently resides at the Isle of Wight County Museum .	Pres
In March 2004 , he sells Socpresse to Serge Dassault , which already held 30 % .	Pres
This party conceives democracy as equality in social , political , economic , and educational opportunities .	Pres
The General Status dictates the development and organization parameters of the political party .	Pres
His new work theorizes branding as a cultural performance and studies the international traffic in U.S.-branded theatre since the 1990s .	Pres
Focusing on musical theatre in particular , it analyzes the cultural exchanges between the U.S. and Germany and the U.S. and South Korea .	Pres
After several tenths of a mile it receives Langan Creek , its only named tributary , from the right .	Pres
It then crosses Pennsylvania Route 435 and turns north-northeast for a few tenths of a mile before reaching its confluence with Roaring Brook .	Pres
His company , Force Science Institute , specializes in consulting to police departments .	Pres
Its website advertises : " We save lives and reputations . "	Pres
Gary assures Kylie that Girl House 's technology cannot be hacked and that the house 's secret location is untraceable .	Pres
He brings Kylie to the house and introduces her to Steve , who shares security guard duties with Big Mike .	Pres
He hacks into the computer system and surprises Kylie by sending her a picture of his face .	Pres
Later , Ben admits to Kylie that he knows about her involvement with Girl House .	Pres
However , they talk through the issue and continue their relationship .	Pres
Loverboy notices his picture on the bulletin board inside Girl House with a handwritten caption that reads , " What a stud . "	Pres
Loverboy straps Gary to a chair and stabs him several times .	Pres
Loverboy kills Steve at the security gatehouse .	Pres
He then strangles Anna with a piece of rope inside the house 's Off-Camera Room .	Pres
From his dorm room , Alex watches as Loverboy mutilates Devon during a private dance .	Pres
Oblivious to what is going on inside the house , Kylie retires to her room .	Pres
Ben instructs Alex to try hacking into Girl House to find its address while he goes in search of other ways to locate Kylie .	Pres
Meanwhile , Loverboy kills Heather and her boyfriend while they are having sex .	Pres
Janet investigates the commotion and catches Loverboy in the act of severing the boyfriend 's head ; Loverboy throws her over an upstairs railing .	Pres
She survives , but breaks her legs in the fall .	Pres
Next , Loverboy locks Mia in the sauna room .	Pres
She smashes a lump of coal through the door and escapes to the pool outside , but there Loverboy kills her with a sledgehammer .	Pres
Gary eventually dies from blood loss while watching the horror unfold onscreen at the technical facility .	Pres
Kylie realizes the danger when she spots Loverboy at the pool from her window .	Pres
Kat seemingly knocks Loverboy unconscious with his crowbar and goes for help while Kylie tries to find Devon .	Pres
Alex eventually hacks into Girl House 's ISP and determines the house 's real address .	Pres
Loverboy chases Kylie throughout the house .	Pres
She hides in the utility room and shuts off all of the cameras .	Pres
The company retails sexual health products , such as condoms , lubrication , mastibatory aids , and some novelties .	Pres
S3 Safe Sex Store supports local and national agencies through monetary , product , and time donations .	Pres
Rensch has been offering in depth , educational chess analysis online since 2009 .	Pres
In addition , his " Everything You Need to Know " video series designed for beginners boasts the most views of any video in Chess.com 's library .	Pres
It sits on the refurbished piers of the original bridge .	Pres
This suggests a degree of Yorkshire bluntness which colours the rather austere impression which his bust conveys .	Pres
Projection micro-stereolithography ( PµSL ) adapts 3D printing technology for micro-fabrication .	Pres
The appearance of the Projection Micro-stereolithography improves the development of MEMS by achieving most of the requirements above .	Pres
The dynamic mask defines the beam .	Pres
This proceeds iteratively until complete .	Pres
This indicates the paralog spacing is very distant for when " MGC50722 " split from " CEP350 " .	Pres
PSORTII servers predict 5 nuclear localization signals in the human protein MGC50722 .	Pres
The song samples " Mariya " by Family Circle and " Impeach the President " by The Honey Drippers , and was produced by J. Cole .	Pres
He currently resides in the City of Chicago , United States .	Pres
Aristolochia sempervirens is a species of perennial plant in the Aristolochiaceae family .	Pres
The tips of the scales in the distal two-thirds of the wings are pale grey and slightly grey in the basal one-third of the wing .	Pres
Markey receives its namesake from Lucille P. Markey .	Pres
These four facilities comprise the Markey Cancer Center Complex , all working together on the prevention , treatment and cure for cancer .	Pres
The Ben F. Roach Cancer Care Facility of the Markey Cancer Center lends 48,000 square feet of space dedicated to individual care of cancer patients .	Pres
It embodies 29,500 square feet total .	Pres
This cancer facility focuses on the care of major cancers targeting women .	Pres
Ket maintains three distinct representations of an equation .	Pres
If good writing is rewriting then good algebra is reorganizing existing expressions .	Pres
Editing lines of text The editor displays a list of lines of either text , equations , images or plots .	Pres
Lastly , < Space > moves back out .	Pres
The manufacturer estimates the construction time from the supplied kit as just a few minutes , without special tools .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
This way competitors don 't have to worry about exotic calibers or handloading to achieve a perceived scoring advantage due to a power factor scoring handicap .	Pres
IPSC however limits Standard rifle to iron sights only .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
It grows in scrub , heath and forest in clay or sand over granite .	Pres
Directeur d 'études associé , EHESS , Paris , 1981 , 1994	Pres
The main landing gear incorporates spring rod suspension .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
Nrf2 transcriptionally regulates multiple genes that play both direct and indirect roles in producing antioxidative potential and the production of cellular energy ( " i.e .	Pres
Paxton shots rounds of 46-39-39-43 = 167 .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
The group supports visits to Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo to pay respects to Japan 's war dead .	Pres
The river receives its name from the village of Motupe , nearby where the Motupe River is formed .	Pres
The river eventually disappears into the saline Sechura Desert before reaching the Pacific Ocean .	Pres
Later , the mine widens into a blotch .	Pres
They feed inside the fruit of their host plant .	Pres
On a boat to Argentina , where he intends to race Abby R next , Jock charms Leslie and they are married .	Pres
As a media historian , Sconce 's work concentrates primarily on the occult and supernatural history of electronic media technologies .	Pres
The Mort family understands the present homestead was erected for Mrs Crace .	Pres
A bay with French doors opens off the lounge and fireplaces have timber surrounds .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
While this was happening , men from the neighbouring mines gathered and organised a group of volunteers to either rescue the miners or recover their bodies .	Pres
Binnes drew out plans for the Mine Manager on how best to work the mine .	Pres
On cotton however , it folds a leaf at the margin and lives within .	Pres
The larvae are pale greenish with a rather broad greenish yellow dorsal stripe with and a pale yellowish green head .	Pres
The flowering plant attracts butterflies and is known for its traditional medicinal properties .	Pres
It grows in forest , woodland and grassland , often occurring in thickets , usually along watercourses , in sandy or clayey soil .	Pres
She lists her religious affiliation as a [ [ Non-denominational Christianity | non-denominational Christian ] ] .	Pres
The hindwings are pale greyish ochreous .	Pres
The hindwings are shining grey .	Pres
The History of the Jews in Switzerland extends back at least a thousand years .	Pres
The Encyclopaedia Judaica mentions a first documentation of Jews in Switzerland in 1214 .	Pres
Article 49 of the 1874 constitution guarantees the freedom of religion .	Pres
La Leche arises off the northern slopes of Mount Choicopico , , at an altitude of in Ferreñafe Province , of Lambayeque Region .	Pres
The hindwings are shining dark gray .	Pres
The hindwings are shining light yellowish fuscous .	Pres
The dissenting opinion suggests that the plurality opinion acknowledges that a tangible object is " a discrete thing that possesses physical form . "	Pres
The hindwings are shining light yellowish fuscous .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
The painting depicts a deformed , humanoid creature with many fingers , playing a trumpet .	Pres
But it risks alienating much of its support base in some Muslim circles by picking on a group many Muslims regard as harmless . "	Pres
Although a video is blamed for the protests , Hizb ut-Tahrir 's objectives , led by Taji Mustafa , tend to be for a Caliphate .	Pres
However , high priest Wosret was sitting on the throne instead of the queen .	Pres
Currently he coaches professional mixed martial arts competitors from Brazil , and in this capacity participated in and .	Pres
Grandchester Sawmills demonstrates the evolution of the timber in Queensland .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
" Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles	Pres
Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles is a 2010 mystery novel by Kira Henehan .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
The sculpture depicts fifty coins stacked on an Ionic column and is set in the center of a circular fountain basin with four water jets .	Pres
The novel thus concludes both series , and involves characters from both .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
" Gynotroches axillaris " grows as a tree up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to .	Pres
" T " indicates a tie for a place < br >	Pres
Males constitute 51 % of the population and females 49 % .	Pres
It depicts a fish flying through the brickwork above Southpark Seafood at the northwestern corner of Southwest Salmon Street and Southwest Park Avenue in Downtown Portland .	Pres
The sculpture measures long and is made of hand forged and welded bronze .	Pres
Every day she was waiting for the rain .	Pres
To the east the Arabian Desert opens up .	Pres
On the west the rugged terrain soon descends into the Jordan Rift Valley , with lands around the Dead Sea as low as below sea level .	Pres
From the parking lot Siq al-Barid opens up in the rock facade to the west southwest .	Pres
The canyon widens after .	Pres
The canyon then narrows again for another 50 m ( 150 ft ) , leading to another , smaller open area .	Pres
Later Western visitors to the region likewise seem to have concentrated on the main Petra site .	Pres
Those digs continued until 1983 , two years before UNESCO inscribed the Petra area , including Beidha and Little Petra , as a World Heritage Site .	Pres
Beatmapping visually lays out / displays the tempo ( speed ) of music throughout the entirety or portion of a song or music piece .	Pres
Afterwards , Alexanya congratulates them on their performance .	Pres
With Valentina 's help , Derek discovers his son is residing at a local orphanage .	Pres
Hansel receives an anonymous call , requesting that he travel to St. Peter 's Basilica at midnight .	Pres
Derek and Valentina swim back to Rome while Hansel infiltrates the House of Atoz .	Pres
He witnesses Mugatu reuniting with Alexanya and killing Don Atari .	Pres
He then throws an explosive towards the lava .	Pres
Derek manages to stop it with " Magnum " , but he struggles to keep it suspended in mid-air .	Pres
Derek Jr. forgives his father for his mother 's death and Derek and Valentina confess their love for each other .	Pres
The site 's critical consensus reads , " " Zoolander No .	Pres
After one of the girls dies , the two friends have a spiritual meeting years later with the help of a shaman .	Pres
It moves below the waterline and holds the line taught so that the lures can effectively skip over the water ahead of it .	Pres
The front page of a brochure depicts a globe with ribbons stating " INTEROCEANIC FIRE INSURANCE CO . " and , underneath , " estd .	Pres
The first one , Marie ( unbilled Patricia Farley ) fails " she sells seashells by the she sore " .	Pres
She succeeds with " six sleek and supple salmon slept on a platter for supper " .	Pres
Grayson convinces him by saying that the board is ready to " eat the well known humble pie " .	Pres
I wouldn 't want to be quoted , but I bet he started those fires just to get his job back . "	Pres
As French voices his objections , Fletcher hangs up .	Pres
She explains that she was not running away from the fire , but simply going to get a better look .	Pres
Getting into Fletcher and Grayson 's car , she rides with them to the fire .	Pres
Questioned by Fletcher , the man identifies himself as Mr. Crane ( unbilled Barlowe Borland ) , the owner .	Pres
When they toss a coin to decide who would take her home , she peeks at the coin and chooses Fletcher .	Pres
He puts a fireman 's hat on her head and administers a mock swearing-in oath .	Pres
" What happened to the old one " , he asks .	Pres
" Mister Fletcher " , she replies , " after all , you ain 't my doctor " .	Pres
Later , Grayson and Adrienne are sitting in a restaurant as he recounts Fletcher 's demonstration and Adrienne complements his cleverness .	Pres
When Fletcher mentions to Grayson that someone must have warned the arsonist causing him to change his method , Grayson admits that he mentioned it to Adrienne .	Pres
" , replies the blind man .	Pres
Going to Adrienne 's garage , Fletcher compares her license plate and confirms it to have the same number .	Pres
When she says no , he reminds her about their date tonight and goes home .	Pres
As the blaze rages , Fletcher chases him to the roof where Maxwell slips and falls to his death .	Pres
Grayson also arrives and everyone offers explanatory details .	Pres
Some time later , in Fletcher 's apartment , Adrienne , accompanied by Grayson , asks Fletcher where " you 're going on this extended vacation " .	Pres
He wishes John and Adrienne well and makes his " grand exit " .	Pres
As the elevator door closes , Adrienne says , " down please " and it opens again .	Pres
He asks , " Do you think you 'll find it … in the ashes ? "	Pres
and she answers , " I think I will " .	Pres
He advises potential leaders to : “ learn from your failures , surround yourself with people who will challenge you .	Pres
It caters to secondary students and after 36 years reopened its sixth-form programme in 2014 .	Pres
Great variation exists in the number of OR genes among vertebrate species , as shown through bioinformatic analyses .	Pres
This diversity exists by virtue of the wide-ranging environments that they inhabit .	Pres
The loss of vertebrate type OR-genes therefore suggests that they may have been lost in the urochodates genomes ( lost genes conserved between amphioxus and vertebrates ) .	Pres
Mammals ( unlike other tetrapods ) utilize a nose to sense volatile odors .	Pres
The complexity of turbinates vary highly across mammalian species , yet a correlation appears to exist among phylogenetic groups rather than the environmental niche .	Pres
The complex latter section of the nasal structure suggests that " Brasilitherium " had a well-developed sense of smell .	Pres
These observations suggest that this organism possessed features that connect both its tetrapod ancestors and later mammalians .	Pres
Some researchers relate the de-emphasis of smell to the emergence of complex vision .	Pres
Ample evidence suggests that olfactory social behaviours , such as sniffing and scent marking , are heavily involved in communicative interactions among primate species .	Pres
Furthermore , strepsirrhine primates demonstrate the social behavior of scent-marking in both terrestrial and arboreal habitats .	Pres
Geographically and culturally distinct human populations differ when comparing regions on chromosome 17 ( looking at SNPs ) in coding regions of 400-kb olfactory receptor gene clusters .	Pres
Two other marine vertebrates , the Steller sea lion and the loggerhead turtle , display a rather low number of pseudogenes with respect to cetaceans .	Pres
In addition , evidence suggests that the time course of adaptation and recovery relies on the duration and concentration of the odor .	Pres
Psychophysical support for this theory draws from studies that have reported relatively small decreases in peripheral response after repeated stimulation despite significant reductions in behaviorally perceived intensity .	Pres
Before it can reach the Pacific Ocean it disappears into the alluvium of the Sechura Desert .	Pres
The church belongs to the Oratorians .	Pres
One of his critically acclaimed serial “ Inner Face ” addresses the sensitive and precarious issues of human rights of the LGBT community .	Pres
Urne im Kolumbarium des Friedhofs	Pres
He currently competes in discus and shot put and has won medals at the 2013 , and 2015 and 2017 World Para Athletics Championships .	Pres
He enjoys playing tennis and once said his greatest moment was beating the national No .	Pres
He was hoping to make the 2012 London Paralympic Games but narrowly missed out .	Pres
He belongs to a family known for politics .	Pres
Through the power of imagination he improves his condition , and so that ’ s what I did as a composer . "	Pres
The site spreads over more than 18 acres .	Pres
She resides in Tulsa , Oklahoma .	Pres
Malik Naeem Khan Awan belongs to an Awan tribe of district Khushab in north-eastern Punjab , Pakistan .	Pres
They belong to Das-Agari and Khar-Patil communities .	Pres
The Village accommodates nearly 50-year-old Secondary high school and a 100-year-old Ram-Temple .	Pres
The line stretches from Chennai International Airport to Washermanpet with further extension to Wimco Nagar .	Pres
The line connects the northeast and the southwest ends of the city .	Pres
The series is streaming online on YouTube .	Pres
In the Building Real Projects Phase , students reinforce their Android developer skills by choosing from a menu of apps to build .	Pres
Targeted at the U.S. military veterans , this scholarship aims to help by equipping the U.S. veterans with the necessary tools to launch their tech careers .	Pres
The NHCP board resolution cites several reasons for the declaration of certain areas in downtown Dapitan City as Heritage Zone / Historic Center :	Pres
The series is streaming online on YouTube .	Pres
The statue portrays Paul Kruger wearing a top hat and presidential sash with a cane on a plinth .	Pres
" Melaleuca pauciflora " was first formally described in 1847 by Nikolai Turczaninow in " " Bulletin de la Societe Imperiale des Naturalistes de Moscou " " .	Pres
It grows in sand in estuaries , swamps and other winter-wet areas .	Pres
“ Usually , from February , western disturbances tend to subside .	Pres
This establishes a standard and eliminates conflicts with other protocols .	Pres
IRP also supports all functions of a Public Key Infrastructure and an authenticated Address Registry .	Pres
It retains the intact original milling machinery .	Pres
Intermediary servers introduce reliability , salability and security issues .	Pres
It rests on a stone foundation and has a gable roof .	Pres
Heroes ' Cemetery may refer to :	Pres
In the desert night , a stranger interrupts Jacob ’ s solitude and struggles with him in a fight that will see neither winners nor losers .	Pres
Only , at dawn , Jacob discovers that he has been wound by the angel .	Pres
A remarkable part of Perone 's philosophical production focuses on the theme of finitude and the relation between philosophy and narration .	Pres
Apart from representing the interests of its members , it publishes the " British Journal of Haematology " and issues BSH Guidelines on haematological conditions .	Pres
Lewis performs the lyrics over an instrumentation of " rousing " strings and breakbeats .	Pres
The remaining nectophore grows to a length of about .	Pres
Its seasonal distribution and abundance seem to be associated with sea temperature changes and the availability of food .	Pres
It feeds almost entirely on copepods , consuming an estimated five to ten prey items daily , mostly during the night .	Pres
It differs from its predecessor , the Olympus Tough TG-3 , by including raw image recording .	Pres
After several tenths of a mile , it enters Moscow and reaches its confluence with Van Brunt Creek .	Pres
Additionally , the creek drains a swamp known as Langan Swamp .	Pres
The designation reflects the period of origin of this town planning solution under the German monarchs Wilhelm I and Wilhelm II .	Pres
" ( This article incorporates information from the German Wikipedia ) "	Pres
" Mactra chinensis " is found living in sandy substrates in shallow marine habitats in Vietnam , Korea , Mainland China and Taiwan .	Pres
They spend the night in a hotel village ‘ Beldyazhki ’ .	Pres
They sit in the car and go to the long journey .	Pres
The soundtrack to " What men talk about "	Pres
" Italics " denotes an acting speaker of parliament	Pres
A promising psychiatrist faces the dark side of his mind once again after treating a patient who was convicted of murder .	Pres
She has been pioneering synchrotron spectromicroscopy methods since 1989 , and she continues to use and develop them today .	Pres
The dense , deep green , foliage on numerous branches affords the tree a rich , full , and rounded appearance .	Pres
The table lists the positions of teams after completion of each round .	Pres
It deploys wireless broadband connections for trains , metros , trams and buses , including passenger Wi-Fi services and remote condition monitoring for on-board rail components .	Pres
Nomad Digital aggregates a number of communication methods ( such as 3G / 4G cellular and trackside wireless ) to provide a data connection to the train .	Pres
Nomad is helping to protect UK train passengers from exposure to criminal online content .	Pres
Hawaii produces mainly the conventional Cavendish assortment and the Hawaiian apple banana , which are sold in the local markets due to high employment and land expenses .	Pres
She struggles to keep Jinshim afloat against its rival restaurant Woontak Chicken , which is managed by the ruthless Chun Woon-tak .	Pres
She specializes in traditional Cherokee pottery with unique embellishments and designs .	Pres
Currently , Osti teaches and creates her own pottery in her studio in downtown Tahlequah .	Pres
It connects the N4 road near Roscommon to the N26 and N59 roads in Ballina , away ( map ) .	Pres
The girls exercise for the runway walk .	Pres
The girls wake up early to do sport with a rugby team .	Pres
Last year 's winner Luisa is also seen walking in one of the shows the girls walk in .	Pres
At the second photo shoot Carolin struggles again while Christine surprises the judges .	Pres
The girls arrive at Hawaii , where they went camping with Heidi .	Pres
Anna Maria struggles at this week 's photo shoot for Cosmopolitan cover .	Pres
It revolves around the former Red Army sergeant Lazarov ( played by Vladimir Zamansky ) who was captured in his German uniform by Soviet partisans .	Pres
I don 't know where I got it from , but I 've been like that all my life .	Pres
It shares many plot elements and themes with " Moll Flanders " , the novels being published only eleven months apart .	Pres
His wife proves to be a spendthrift and adulteress , and the marriage ends in divorce .	Pres
He wounds her lover in a duel , and flees back to London .	Pres
He remarries , but leaves the country after being involved in the unsuccessful Jacobite rising of 1715 .	Pres
He chooses to resettle in Virginia , his new wife , Moggy , having died in the meantime .	Pres
In spite of being a prisoner , he manages to profit handsomely from illicit trading adventures and soon returns to Virginia .	Pres
The app creates a " channel " for each site or news source , within which individual blog posts or news articles are separate episodes .	Pres
During the 2003 Iraq invasion , Sudanese Iraqis were among the many " third country refugees " who fled Iraq to refugee camps in Jordan .	Pres
" When I Was Growing Up	Pres
Nellie Wong 's piece identifies the invisibilization of racial issues in the second-wave feminist movement .	Pres
The ENCODE project proposes to map all of the DHSs in the human genome with the intention of cataloging human regulatory DNA .	Pres
DHSs mark transcriptionally active regions of the genome , where there will be cellular selectivity .	Pres
This indicates that the complexly of cellular and environmental signals processed by the immune system is directly encoded in the cis-regulatory architecture of its constituent genes .	Pres
The " Status Quo " , a 250-year old understanding between religious communities , applies to the site .	Pres
Grieve currently teaches French language and literature at the Australian National University in Canberra .	Pres
As a student he pursue the military career and in 1841 became lieutenant in the Värmland field Hunters Regiment , but took leave in 1845 .	Pres
It connects the N59 road near Dromore West to the N59 again at Dooyeaghny , just inside the Mayo border , away ( map ) .	Pres
" Les Classiques des sciences sociales	Pres
Both sources agree , however , that Ithel 's demise was occasioned by the treachery of the men of Brycheiniog .	Pres
The company publishes in multiple series including " Archaeopress Archaeology " and " Proceedings of the Seminar for Arabian Studies " ( " PSAS " ) .	Pres
Part II explores his current state of behaviour and the implications for how society can consider the human subject .	Pres
The church still possesses original designs for stained glass by John Hardman of Hardman & Co . , but the windows were not made .	Pres
The plant 's stipe grows up to in diameter .	Pres
The palm grows well in full sun or shade but needs humid conditions and well-draining soil .	Pres
However , it also tolerates flooding and can grow in standing water as its native habitat is peat swamp forests .	Pres
Clubs consist of up to six players .	Pres
Every team member 's action contributes to the club 's overall success .	Pres
The multiplayer game mode revolves around competition and co-operation with real life players .	Pres
The pass introduces 11 new courses , 23 new events , and a new car every month until June 2015 ( later extended to July 2015 ) .	Pres
The expansion focuses on " superbike racing " , and features a new Tour , a new gameplay mode , new challenges and new events .	Pres
Paul Blackthorne portrays a version of the character , named Quentin Lance , in the television series " Arrow " .	Pres
After his funeral Black Canary decides to migrate from Earth-Two to Earth-One with the former universe reminding her too much of her lost husband .	Pres
The woman preserves her modesty with a wash cloth held in her left hand as she reaches with her right towards a basin placed on a side-table .	Pres
Facio mentions the innovative use of a mirror , which in the work is full length and reflects the entire back of the woman 's body .	Pres
Art historian Linda Seidel speculates that it was created as an accompanying panel , and that the pair were intended as betrothal paintings .	Pres
Campbell rejects the similarities as " coincidental " , although it might be better argued that the lost work was a prototype or study .	Pres
Three years after the events in " Nim 's Island " , the island faces a new challenge .	Pres
A stock is showing momentum if its prior 12-month average of returns is positive .	Pres
The 23-station route extends for , including 1.5 kilometres of on-street operation .	Pres
The stop connects to the Grand Concourse , Central station 's main waiting area and the departure hall for medium and long distance train services .	Pres
To the west of the stop , a viaduct carries the light rail over Wentworth Park .	Pres
A footbridge over Bridge Road connects to the outbound platform .	Pres
The outbound platform connects to the City West Link / James Street intersection .	Pres
A footbridge to the south of the stop over Parramatta Road connects to the citybound platform .	Pres
A long-term plan exists for urban renewal and higher density development around the stop .	Pres
In the August 2017 presidential election , Odinga and his supporters alleged that Kenyatta 's election victory was a fraud .	Pres
My ribs and body is hurting all over .	Pres
These and other continued wanton violations of Dr. Miguna 's constitutional and fundamental human rights prove that there is a classic case of state capture in Kenya .	Pres
The Interstate 87 designation pays tribute to several important dates in the history of both North Carolina and Virginia .	Pres
She usually performs solo using guitar or piano for the accompaniment .	Pres
Novoseltseva considers music " the missing dimension of poetry " .	Pres
His jokes cross age , cultural and religious barriers with the intention of bringing people together with his humor .	Pres
Moosa chooses not to use profanity and explicit vocabulary .	Pres
He 's still loving it and you can see there he 's got the heart of a lion . "	Pres
PTCs originate from the mesothelium and are presumed to be remnants of the Müllerian duct and Wolffian duct .	Pres
These cysts constitute about 10 % of adnexal masses .	Pres
The C classification indicates three sets of driving wheels .	Pres
So if it would happen , I wouldn 't be terribly surprised by it . "	Pres
Citizens exercise registration and deregistration on a voluntary basis .	Pres
The first wave of French immigrants to arrive in Cuba were fleeing the Haitian Revolution and the new governmental administration of Haiti after independence was declared .	Pres
Altoona Regional is simultaneously exploring affiliation with 45-bed Nason Hospital in Roaring Spring , Pennsylvania in order to form a single , county-wide health system .	Pres
While playing the Hurt Locker game with his friends , he accidentally kills new guy Franklin .	Pres
After challenging her to drink a beer , Donna decides to have one .	Pres
Stopping for gas , the guys seem lost until Donna becomes a one-woman pit crew and get them moving and she arrives on time .	Pres
In school , Junior manages to skip PE by forgetting his gym clothes and Principal Wally insists he join a sport to pass .	Pres
Trying out for diving , he surpasses expectations and makes the team but finds out the uniform is a speedo .	Pres
When he befriends struggling actress Gina , she helps him to realize that Hollywood isn 't that glamorous as it seems .	Pres
Donna decides to treat him to his dream as part of a family trip to California .	Pres
Cleveland decides to make a splash by recruiting professional players from other teams .	Pres
The manager threatens to fire Cleveland if Donna wasn 't holding pictures of him and gives him dirty jobs .	Pres
Seeing his excitement , Gina suggests he should go back home .	Pres
He suggests they move back until Donna explodes at the help and she refuses to go back home .	Pres
They arrive one day to see a message Cleveland sent from Stoolbend , showing their friends and what they are missing .	Pres
Cleveland congratulates Gina for putting the production together as Cleveland bids goodbye to the Dodgers .	Pres
Vuyelwa now teaches English at Groton School	Pres
" You ( Ha Ha Ha ) relies heavily on a sample of Gold Panda 's single " You " .	Pres
It opens with the sound of guitars , followed by drum beats , " kaleidoscopic " synthesizers and a chanted vocal part .	Pres
" We restrict corporations but not unions .	Pres
Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement ( AP ) coursework and exams to obtain the 22 units required by the Smart Core curriculum .	Pres
The Bulldogs engage in numerous interscholastic activities , including baseball , basketball ( boys / girls ) , golf , softball , and dance .	Pres
These careers differ in each school .	Pres
The Senegal chameleon , Chamaeleo senegalensis , is a species of chameleon native to West Africa .	Pres
The Open Dictionary of English cherishes English as a global language .	Pres
The judging process involves an open online voting period and judges .	Pres
The Khatib or prayer leader delivers the Khutba or sermon from here .	Pres
The clubhouse overlooks one of the most scenic views in CCNC , being perched on a hill overlooking Watson Lake .	Pres
It belongs to the traditional region of Inner Carniola .	Pres
" Fantaisie brillante sur des motifs de V. Bellini	Pres
Fantaisie brillante sur des motifs de V. Bellini ( also " Fantaisie brillante sur Norma et Sonnambula " ) in E ♭ major , Op .	Pres
The building occupies a full 1.7 acre city block formerly known as the Webster Block , directly across from and connected to the KeyBank Center and Canalside .	Pres
The process brews the tea leaves slowly , using time rather than temperature to release the flavors .	Pres
When Gregory leaves the caves , Urvashi and Chandra consummate their relationship .	Pres
He visits India on a trip to a recently discovered archaeological site , the cave where the sculptor Gregory worked and where Chandra was killed .	Pres
While in India , Jeff bonds with Reeta , the new princess , without knowing that she was his lover some centuries ago .	Pres
He also mistreats the princess .	Pres
They once again consummate their new-found love for each other .	Pres
Detailed photographic inspection indicates that the buildings were fabricated with both precast and 3D printed components .	Pres
Dutch and Chinese demonstration projects are slowly constructing 3D-printed buildings in China , Dubai and the Netherlands .	Pres
The list of research projects is expanding even more in the last couple of years , thanks to a growing interest in the field .	Pres
In the liner notes , Scott-Heron discusses the new , jazzier tone of the record , and the attempts to define his sound :	Pres
By the fourth grade , he and his father were shooting together on an almost daily basis .	Pres
By the time he entered seventh grade , he was attempting 500 shots a night .	Pres
Shooting puts me at ease , it puts me at peace , it takes everything else off my mind . "	Pres
By the time he arrived , the numbness was subsiding .	Pres
At the same time , we ... don 't want to limit Rotnei Clarke 's shot . "	Pres
Stevens credits Clarke 's work ethic for motivating the rest of the team .	Pres
" There was a time I definitely doubted God , " he recalls .	Pres
When he is not playing basketball , he enjoys hunting and fishing .	Pres
He listens to Christian rap regularly and cites Lecrae as a non-athlete that he looks up to .	Pres
Clarke lists J. J. Redick as his favorite basketball player of all-time .	Pres
He hopes to become a coach after his playing days are over .	Pres
The company most notably owns the radio stations Radio Nova and TSF Jazz .	Pres
The C classification indicates three sets of driving wheels .	Pres
In war-affected settings , violence against women and girls inhibits efforts towards peace-building and sustainable recovery , contributing to the risk of resurgent conflict .	Pres
In development settings , it hinders progress towards achievement of several of the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , including those relating to , , and .	Pres
The proliferation of small arms increases the vulnerability of women and girls to violence , and exacerbates the seriousness of that violence .	Pres
This monthly program trained volunteers to teach prison inmates to change their violent language , actions and thoughts .	Pres
By the age of thirteen , Emik was already fixing many electrical engineering problems around the household .	Pres
The Cognitive Rigor Matrix assists applying Cognitive Rigor in the classroom .	Pres
An androgynous male singer , he sings in a distinctive high-pitched feminine voice .	Pres
He also owns several clubs in the Philippines .	Pres
Mary-Rose Crook of the Renderers introduces one song .	Pres
Learey conducts some classes at Tampa 's MacDill Air Force Base 's New Education Center .	Pres
The formation underlies portions of the Bighorn Basin of Big Horn , Hot Springs , Park and Washakie counties of Wyoming .	Pres
She writes that in time	Pres
In the Bengali language , the name of the film literally translates to " War cry of the Beggars " .	Pres
The head of the Choktors , initiates a total war against the ruling political party of West Bengal , India .	Pres
Skulls dance in crematoria and flying-discs flutter in the skies and cry anarchy , resident ghosts gossip and prattle , and the police is in total confusion .	Pres
This anarchic film dissects almost everything wrong in the city with a cinematic knife sharpened on trenchant farce and fantasy .	Pres
" World Peace Hope et al .	Pres
World Peace Hope et al .	Pres
In between showbiz commitments , he maintains his gallery and dabbles into painting .	Pres
A main dish of Hamburg cuisine which originates in the burgois cuisine owes its development to the intensive trade with Portugal .	Pres
Each year , the LBJ Foundation appropriates $ 10,000 - $ 12,000 to support scholars researching Presidential policy .	Pres
Depending on the directionality of transcription , enhancer regions generate two different types of non-coding transcripts , 1D-eRNAs and 2D-eRNAs .	Pres
In most cases , unidirectional transcription of enhancer regions generates long ( > 4kb ) and polyadenylated eRNAs .	Pres
Bidirectional transcription at enhancer sites generates comparatively shorter ( 0.5-2kb ) and non-polyadenylated eRNAs .	Pres
In general , enhancer transcription and production of bidirectional eRNAs demonstrate a strong correlation of enhancer activity on gene transcription .	Pres
The last model involves transcriptional regulation by eRNAs at distant chromosomal locations .	Pres
RNA-seq permits the direct identification of eRNAs by matching the detected transcript to the corresponding enhancer sequence through bioinformatic analyses .	Pres
Evidence that eRNAs cause downstream effects on the efficiency of enhancer activation and gene transcription suggests its functional capabilities and potential importance .	Pres
However , later historians discount that interpretation of the inscriptions .	Pres
The church confesses the Apostles Creed , Nicene Creed , Heidelberg Catechism and the 39 articles of the Anglican community and uses the Book of Common Prayer .	Pres
While each different version of the CD has its own cover , a fifth variant cover exists for the standard CD + DVD release .	Pres
The institute seeks to improve the marketing profession in Ghana .	Pres
Logro owns the Chef Logro 's Institute of Culinary and Kitchen Services .	Pres
Precipitation in the Sierra averages about annually .	Pres
The Troodos Ophiolite crops out in the central part of Cyprus in a northwest to southeast striking band .	Pres
Beyond our stubborn hope , beyond our fair	Pres
A great crowd reaches Daryaoganj to enjoy this fair , situated at a distance of 1.5 km north of the Railway Station of Daryaoganj .	Pres
The garden façade focuses on elegant empire-style décor .	Pres
At the entrance of the monastery garden , a brightly colored sign reads " Welcome To Hell " Further inside the garden , another sign reads :	Pres
At the start of the garden trial sits a giant " fat Buddha " statue .	Pres
He speaks even of a " forensic political science " and a " forensic sociology " ( p 9 ) .	Pres
He rightly criticizes that neither the European Union nor the national states in Europe provide adequate resources for such research .	Pres
" If It Takes a Lifetime	Pres
The " Lippmann street " in Darmstadt since 1959 , remembers to his father and him .	Pres
44 of these now owns the Historical Museum Frankfurt , the Städel owns a landscape showing the Alps .	Pres
Free Video Converter shares a basic interface style and background with other DVDVideoSoft 's video converters .	Pres
Among the output video formats there is also audio format MP3 , which is used to extract music from video files .	Pres
The boxed warning of the medication indicates ospemifene may thicken the endometrium , which could lead to unusual bleeding and endometrial cancer .	Pres
Ospemifene bound the estrogen receptors with a lower affinity than estradiol .	Pres
" Nothomyrmecia " workers feed on nectar and arthropods , using their compound eyes for prey and navigational purposes .	Pres
Despite these challenges , two-thirds of companies in the consumer supply chain consider forecast accuracy a high business priority .	Pres
The Senate alone considers treaties , which must be ratified by a two-thirds vote .	Pres
Clotilde writes in English and in French , and her books have been published in the U.S. , the UK , France , and Taiwan .	Pres
She writes mainly in English , but most of her material is also published in French .	Pres
She presents food and a food-related lifestyle in a friendly , approachable way .	Pres
The river descends over its course .	Pres
The hindwings are pale greyish with a silvery shine and with a long fringe of slightly darker shading without shine .	Pres
It performs functions : patrol , check , control , detect and handle violations of the law and bar investigation of fishery on the coast of Vietnam .	Pres
This name also honours the late Achiel and Maria De Keyser .	Pres
The radios communicates with other avionics over a MIL-STD-1553 data bus .	Pres
From 1932 Fabre Line leased her to Services Contractuels des Messageries Maritimes , who ran her between the south of France and the Levant .	Pres
The music video for " Lovey-Dovey Plus " reminds us of Michael Jackson 's " Billie Jean " .	Pres
The film opens with a voice-over by Don , who states that in life and relationships , " anything can happen . "	Pres
She invites him to help her do her wash at a local laundromat .	Pres
They talk and she invites him to come to her house in a couple of days .	Pres
After their encounter , Ann ducks Don 's calls .	Pres
When Ann hears about what has happened , she rushes to the hospital and stays until Don is out of danger .	Pres
Ann hastily packs and leaves town without leaving word to Don or her ex-boyfriend .	Pres
A woman walks by , looks at him , sits down , and smiles at him .	Pres
He looks up and sees it is Ann .	Pres
Before the credits roll , we hear a voice-over of Don saying again , " Anything can happen . "	Pres
Derek proposes a more sexed-up version , which Veronica and her mother Cynthia ( Sheryl Lee Ralph ) oppose .	Pres
Jimmy and Kyle struggle with writing something that 's right for Veronica ; Karen gives him a suggestion that helps .	Pres
Cynthia informs Derek and the group that the Bravo network will be filming the concert so they will have a large audience .	Pres
She invites Jimmy and Kyle , who are standing backstage , to stand beside her and introduces them to the audience .	Pres
Comparing her photography with that of Rinko Kawauchi , Ferdinand Brueggeman writes	Pres
She talks about distance and isolation of people in public spaces – especially of women .	Pres
Terre des Hommes International Foundation	Pres
Thinking that Colclough had drunk the aftershave and not wanting to appear upstaged by his teammate , Smart drank his bottle of aftershave .	Pres
The forewings are pale ochreous with light grey shading and with whitish indistinct markings .	Pres
With them I feel good , and now with the three-man defence we can do good things " " .	Pres
For multisets formula _ 4 we define the Dershowitz – Manna ordering formula _ 5 as follows :	Pres
He greatly envies Stromboli , a man of his own age who has never known failure and is full of self-confidence .	Pres
Croft 's secretary is plotting Blake 's downfall , and eventually secures the managership for himself .	Pres
While the family is sleeping in the woods , Medasing and his men sneak into the camp , where they kill most of the porters and merchant .	Pres
He brings her to their hideout , where she is held captive .	Pres
Sayu tends to his wounds , and in return he brings her back to her village .	Pres
Their unique style fuses Japanese Idol music with the seemingly limitless energy of the 9 girls that make up Cheeky Parade .	Pres
Joe soon catches Judith filming Claire too but Judith hides under a table before Claire can catch her .	Pres
The doctors don 't know if Ray will be able to talk again .	Pres
Andy escorts him outside , and unknown to him , Judith follows with her video camera .	Pres
On camera , Andy admits that he was the one who hurt Ray to try and get the promotion while Ray was incapacitated .	Pres
They discover that Andy , having a mental breakdown , has locked all the doors and windows and has shut off the lights .	Pres
He then reveals everything he has discovered about the dysfunctional family , including Judith 's secret infatuation with Claire .	Pres
The laws in the United States divide life sentences between " determinate life sentences " and " indeterminate life sentences . "	Pres
On the other hand , it also suffers from some of the Paul campaign ’ s vices . "	Pres
Woods contends that his role in authoring the book has been " overemphasized " and that " this is Ron Paul 's book in every way . "	Pres
WHOW broadcasts a farm news and talk radio format branded as " The Big 1520 " .	Pres
The station airs local news and public affairs programs , agricultural news , and a tradio program called " RFD Trading Post " .	Pres
Micron count 33-35 Staple length 8-12 inches Yearling Fleece Weight 13-20 pounds .	Pres
Ryan also creates the Global Gift greeting cards for the charity Trocaire .	Pres
Prof. Byrne believes that this defeat marked the true expansion of the Déisi Tuisceart into Thomond .	Pres
It heads northeast , crossing the Branford River soon entering the town of North Branford .	Pres
The High Court of Justice ( HCJ ) deals with cases involving senior government officials .	Pres
The law affirms the presumption of innocence .	Pres
Few plants survive attack by this species .	Pres
Waters of these two falls converge on a second landing to form the third waterfall which pours on the valley .	Pres
Les chutes de la Karera et la faille de Nyakazu - UNESCO World Heritage Centre Accessed 2009-02-25 .	Pres
Its wider posterior gaping end extends just above the sea bottom surface to facilitate filter-feeding .	Pres
The first owner of the line was Manning Gold Company .	Pres
The recipe varies with every family and establishment that makes it , and each is jealously guarded .	Pres
The Painting depicts Beatrice Portinari from Dante Alighieri 's poem " La Vita Nuova " at the moment of her death .	Pres
The painting 's title in English translates to ' Blessed Beatrice ' .	Pres
He undertook investigations into human creativity and thought processes .	Pres
The American Record Guide lists Marie 's compositional approach as " romantic in style , with more flavor of the salon than the concert hall . "	Pres
• Am Grabe eines Kindes - 3 choirs .	Pres
• La Légende des Ours - soprano and piano .	Pres
• Les Orientales - voice .	Pres
Les rythmes du regard et la dissociation des doigts ( Paris , 1901 )	Pres
L ’ intelligence et le rythme dans les mouvements artistiques ( Paris , 1904 )	Pres
La résonance du toucher et la topographie des pulpes ( Paris , 1912 )	Pres
Nouvel enseignement musical et manuel basé sur la découverte des boussoles tonales ( Paris , 1922 )	Pres
It heavily utilizes the Auto-Tune vocal effect .	Pres
David Banner 's song " Shawty Say " samples the opening part of the Lil Wayne 's second verse for its chorus .	Pres
From September 1944 , however , the territory 's liberation by the Allies begun .	Pres
After the murder the family decides to move to Lhasa where the three relatives evolve differently .	Pres
This article lists some of the posets " P " that have been used in this construction .	Pres
This poset satisfies the countable chain condition .	Pres
Laver forcing satisfies the Laver property .	Pres
If λ is a sufficiently large cardinal , then the forcing keeps λ regular , measurable , supercompact , etc .	Pres
A small population of the sheep exists on the mainland , and were largely placed through adoption .	Pres
This elegant approach saves energy - and carbon - in both seasons by recycling summer heat for winter use .	Pres
These studies suggest about 200,000 megawatts — or 20 % -- of total power capacity that could come from energy recycling in the U.S .	Pres
Advocates contend that recycled energy costs less and has lower emissions than most other energy options in current use .	Pres
The store specializes in surfing and bodyboarding equipment , and their Cocoa Beach , Florida , store is currently the largest surfing shop in the world .	Pres
The school district enrolls 4,315 students as of October 2017 .	Pres
A pop band called Angelaid creates a fashion amongst their fans to wear angel wings .	Pres
For both volumes he criticizes the artwork calling it " poor and crude " .	Pres
This often involves attempts to safeguard state policy from being used to benefit specific capitalists or firms at the expense of the bourgeoisie as a whole .	Pres
He is a co-founder of the production team Basement Beats .	Pres
After her father dies , Mackie and her mom move to a new town .	Pres
As she makes new friends , she discovers a band she wants to join .	Pres
She also cites that the shocking twists do not make up for the poor story structure .	Pres
DeVille sings the track " I Hate Every Bone In Your Body But Mine " .	Pres
Base introduces the novel as if it had been told to him by his dog .	Pres
Beats and Styles won a bronze award in the 2005 Muuvi music video competition and a special mention for productive and good quality video work .	Pres
Beats and Styles released their fourth album " Walk , Don 't Talk " on 14 February 2007 .	Pres
The school enrolls roughly 600 students in grades 9-12 .	Pres
New powers acquire and larger limbs assume ; < br >	Pres
" I Shall Never Return " was adapted into a 40-minute original video animation by J.C.Staff and released in Japan on January 27 , 2006 .	Pres
A delinquent teenager named Ken Amafuji longs to tell his best friend Ritsurou Yoshinari , how he really feels .	Pres
After his parents got divorced , he drops out of high school and gets Ritsurou to live with him .	Pres
It airs a sports radio format supplied by Fox Sports Radio .	Pres
It portrays the freewheeling lives and romantic escapades of two friends who work as riveters on high-rise construction projects .	Pres
Gunner therefore sees it as his ongoing duty as a pal to save Bucker from rushing headlong to the altar .	Pres
Once she learns that Bucker has a nest egg of $ 5,000 in the bank , she accepts his rather clumsy marriage proposal .	Pres
She then openly admits her feelings for Gunner , as well as to her wanton past .	Pres
By the time Mary and Bucker arrive at the hospital , they learn that Gunner is now awake and will survive after all .	Pres
Gunner deflects Bucker 's bedside attempt to confess his murderous intent and in a roundabout way says he forgives him .	Pres
Gunner now thwarts his friend 's romantic intentions yet again by tossing a coin on the floor behind the nurse as she now leaves the room .	Pres
It airs a hot adult contemporary music format .	Pres
About.com 's Deb Aoki lists " Seduce Me After the Show " as the best yaoi manga of 2008 .	Pres
This celebrated work commemorates the transition of the African American from slavery to freedom and is now the property of The Metropolitan Museum of Art .	Pres
These few examples sufficiently illustrate the influence which the place of his birth had upon Wood .	Pres
It neighbors the Land of Oz and Noland , and is ruled by the centuries-old witch-queen Zixi .	Pres
As the new leader , Johnny reiterates to his team the importance of their department and warns them that corruption is an ongoing hazard .	Pres
Meanwhile , Johnny 's fiancee , Janet Henry , criticizes him for being constantly hardheaded in his indefatigable pursuit of fighting corruption .	Pres
As Johnny prepares for the case against Canning , Cavanaugh hires a thug , ex-wrestler Joe Burton , to attack and steal the evidence from him .	Pres
However , instead of turning over the evidence to Canning , Burton decides to blackmail him for $ 5,000 .	Pres
After Johnny notices Canning at the party with a skeleton key , he spots Burton exiting a side room .	Pres
He then realizes that Canning is on his way to retrieve the evidence in Burton 's apartment .	Pres
Then , thanks to a tip by Janet , the police arrive moments later and arrest the two men .	Pres
Kalolimnos reaches an altitude of 80 meters above sea level and has a total area of 1.95 km2 .	Pres
Both countries deny that the bodies are their citizens .	Pres
It straddles the border between Burundi and Rwanda .	Pres
The station building connects directly to an island platform where track 2 is found .	Pres
It airs a country music format .	Pres
A restaurant in Brighton bears the name of the ship and a painting of " Athena B " by Dennis Roxby Bott is in Brighton Museum .	Pres
In the convent of transfiguration exists the spiritual leadership of all Ramallah district .	Pres
Jez attends all sorts of rallies and shows throughout the year , as well as many pub-crawls and charity events .	Pres
The first of the self-titled series published in 1993 under Dominguez 's own Azteca Productions imprint .	Pres
Miguel believes El Gato Negro is in league with the drug-smugglers that plague South Texas and was probably involved in the murder of his younger brother .	Pres
In the ensuing struggle with El Graduado , El Gato Negro manages to destroy the abandoned warehouse containing large quantities of narcotics .	Pres
Recognizing him to be the brother of the border patrolman his henchmen had murdered several months earlier , Ochoa resolves to kill the Miguel as well .	Pres
Francisco manages to intervene , saving Miguel , and allows El Graduado to be taken in by the authorities .	Pres
In retaliation , the Annulus enlists the aid of Boss Ochoa 's nephews , two ruthless mercenaries from Corpus Christi , Texas .	Pres
It then crosses the Platte River and enters North Bend , where it intersects U.S. Highway 30 .	Pres
It airs a classical music format .	Pres
As he is about to leave , he learns that his supposed parents adopted him from a foundling society .	Pres
His only clue to his identity is some baby clothing and a ring .	Pres
She admires Steffi Graf , Lleyton Hewitt , Justine Henin and Michael Jordan .	Pres
Burstow writes that he knew 420 songs .	Pres
A duel of songs arose ; the ballads grew and grew in length .	Pres
He is currently attending The London School of Economics .	Pres
With the 2005 arrival of the very speed train ( TGV ) Paris ↔ Dol-de-Bretagne Saint-Malo , the town is booming , the population is constantly growing .	Pres
They illustrate the significant activity of cereal Dol marshes .	Pres
The Bench of Hermelle extends over 100 hectares and reached 1.50 m in height .	Pres
It was the Uguet Cherrueix lords in 1460 , of the Cherrueix in 1513 , the League for Franchet , Uguet to the eighteenth century .	Pres
Frequently , this involves the swearing of an oath of office .	Pres
Broadcasters from different countries submit songs to the event , and cast votes to determine the most popular in the competition .	Pres
Shading indicates countries that have withdrawn from the contest .	Pres
Each participating broadcaster pays a fee towards the organisation of the contest .	Pres
Rebels in 15 vehicles drove past the Libya Hotel , which overlooks the parliament building , a few hours after the start of the battle .	Pres
Chadian attack helicopters were bombing rebel positions outside the city on February 6 .	Pres
Human Rights Watch suspects the actual number is higher .	Pres
It surmounts Ramorino Glacier to the north , upper Crosswell Glacier to the northeast , Goodge Col to the southeast , and Branscomb Glacier to the south-southwest .	Pres
Standing at 183 cm , he wears the number 3 jersey .	Pres
Some of the glacier bypasses Pressure Bay and reaches the sea west of Flat Island .	Pres
Tradition assigns the Christian origin of Andria to an Englishman , St. Richard , chosen as bishop by Pope Gelasius I , about 492 AD .	Pres
The Navnath sampradaya spreads the message of Krishna that God exists everywhere and not just in a particular form or lack thereof .	Pres
She has been talking about leaving the hospital for months and has never gone through with it .	Pres
Unwilling to become a unnamed body , she decides to leave the Bela Vista sanatorium with Clerfayt after having gone out with him the night before .	Pres
Although she loves him , she decides to leave him before they start an actual life together .	Pres
On her way there she encounters Hollmann , now healed , who has been offered the former job of Clerfayt .	Pres
The text only survives today in fragments quoted in other texts such as , , and .	Pres
It also overlooks Rosia Bay from the north , as does Parson 's Lodge Battery from the south .	Pres
Some of the oldest oaks mark eighteenth century field boundaries .	Pres
Desmond responds that he believes that he is in 1996 and is serving with the Royal Scots .	Pres
Eloise dies of a suspected brain aneurysm brought on by the exposure to the time lapse .	Pres
Desmond decides that Penny can be the constant ; however , he must make contact with her in 2004 .	Pres
Meanwhile , Minkowski enters into another flashback , and dies .	Pres
Having made contact with his " constant " , Desmond stops alternating between 1996 and 2004 .	Pres
" Lost " s writer-producers enjoy science fiction themes such as time travel ; however , they were careful not to create a paradox .	Pres
According to Lindelof , Desmond 's confusion prevents the characters who arrived from the island from asking questions to the freighter 's crew .	Pres
Standing at 175 cm , he wears the number 47 jersey .	Pres
It achieves this by using consonant relations as opposed to the dissonance methods normally employed by atonality .	Pres
The Euler Fokker Genus fails to see 1 as a possible member of a set except as a starting point .	Pres
Efforts to crack down on criminal activity by the government led to a decrease in crime .	Pres
Each boxer fights one match per round .	Pres
Many Azerbaijani musicians trace their origins to this region .	Pres
On the woodland fringes many deer emerge at dusk .	Pres
A grey background indicates a naturalised species .	Pres
" Note : An asterisk ( * ) indicates a cover article . "	Pres
It focuses entirely on military tactics and special operations and does not feature base building , research , or resource gathering .	Pres
The Soviet campaign spans the early battles of the Eastern Front , through to the start of the Soviet counter-offensive .	Pres
Days later , Alexey and Victor arrive at the Rostelmash factory , where the Soviets are evacuating civilians and any machinery they can transport .	Pres
Fighting their way through the village and freeing several more POWs along the way , they manage to capture the H.Q .	Pres
Facing a fully manned enemy force , the German force fails to break through and falls back .	Pres
They suspect him of being a deserter , and refuse to believe his documents , instead sending him to a penal unit .	Pres
Using captured guns and vehicles , the paratroopers manage to destroy the convoy , saving the assault .	Pres
Receiving reinforcements , the Germans push their way to Maleme airfield , facing British Matilda II tanks and AA guns along the way .	Pres
Despite fierce resistance , Borg manages to capture the control tower of the airfield , allowing German Ju 52 transport planes to land .	Pres
With the support of the Luftwaffe , he holds out until Rommel 's troops arrive .	Pres
Borg then assaults an isolated fort inside the city , completely surrounded by the Germans .	Pres
As they go , a Stuka dive-bomber accidentally destroys the tunnel , leaving them trapped .	Pres
They secure it and disable detonators placed by the British in case of a defeat .	Pres
Borg , commander of the 11th Panzer division , encounters a partly dried river .	Pres
Borg successfully protects the convoys and it escapes with minimal casualties .	Pres
Borg now prepares to defend with what he has left .	Pres
Just as it prepares to fire they manage to kill the commander and stop it .	Pres
Meanwhile , the French Resistance loads up a truck with supplies for the commandos to leave in .	Pres
In the next mission , called ' Armistice ' , the commandos arrive outside the residence of Admiral Francois Darlan in Algiers .	Pres
They stumble upon a newly built Luftwaffe airfield during a sandstorm .	Pres
The commandos first infiltrate a town and take out the garrison in the cover of the dust .	Pres
The sandstorm subsides as an American troop column arrives at the town , fortifying it .	Pres
They infiltrate the air base and take out nearly the whole garrison before the German troops retreat .	Pres
The American troops rush ahead and capture the air base , helping to kill any stragglers , ending the mission .	Pres
The group swerves through Sbeitla , surprising the German garrison .	Pres
The group defends the area from more attacks , and then continues once the roadblock is removed .	Pres
The group moves out to disable the gun and its crew so they can safely continue .	Pres
After planting the three , they blow up the roadblock and continue onto the next mission .	Pres
The group warns the commander of the base about the imminent German attack .	Pres
More waves of attackers arrive , sometimes armed with Tiger tanks .	Pres
Multiplayer games retain most simulation features and Direct Control , and add unit recruitment and capture points .	Pres
Use of amphetamines and benzodiazepines smuggled from India is rising in Thimpu and in the Southern Bhutan .	Pres
Just like the work function , the Volta potential depends sensitively on surface state , contamination , and so on .	Pres
The work of Hacquart belongs to the best music composed in the 17th century Netherlands .	Pres
Billings stipulates as a condition of sale that he is able to continue working in a laboratory in the basement .	Pres
One night at dinner , the residents hear the sounds of a ghost .	Pres
Bill suspects that this is part of a plan to scare the new owner away .	Pres
When the police officers eventually arrive , they arrest the housekeeper and Ebenezer for the murders .	Pres
The police officers decide to send the rest of the house 's inhabitants to the Idlewild Sanatorium , a local psychiatric institution .	Pres
The station now simulcasts on 103.9 FM ( St. Augustine ) and 95.7 ( Nocatee & Ponte Vedra ) .	Pres
The station airs contemporary gospel music and some preaching programs , aimed at the African-American community .	Pres
But to avoid interfering with other radio stations on AM 1360 , WCGL reduces power at night to only 89 watts .	Pres
WAOC airs a news / talk format in competition with WFOY .	Pres
This ambulacral groove extends from the mouth to the end of each ray or arm .	Pres
He is currently coaching the Under-19 team of Beşiktaş J.K ..	Pres
The U.S. Department of Education 's website lists NACES and AICE as authentic foreign credential accrediting agencies in the country .	Pres
This information helps the user determine eligibility for immigration , employment or higher education .	Pres
Research focuses on student mobility , international enrollment , and transnational education .	Pres
We recognize no one-sided laws of war .	Pres
I testify that most of our population made desperate efforts to free the kidnapped and prevent this disgrace . "	Pres
Son of the Rev Frank Woods his grandfather was civil engineer Edward Woods .	Pres
Many fans relate the progression to other popular rock songs such as " Wild Thing " performed by The Troggs .	Pres
In the video , lead singer Rivers Cuomo is wearing a Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz jersey .	Pres
It airs a Variety format .	Pres
It borders the city of Liverpool to the east .	Pres
The height of the shell attains 0.55 mm , its diameter 0.65 mm .	Pres
She accuses Queen Anne of adultery and tells her brother to look to Mark Smeaton and the queen 's own brother , George Boleyn .	Pres
Elizabeth was expecting another child in the spring of 1536 during the events of Anne 's investigation .	Pres
The plot involves a treasure supposedly hidden by Columbus .	Pres
The height of the shell attains 0.5 mm , its diameter 0.5 mm .	Pres
The school currently enrolls students from grades 9 through 12 .	Pres
It airs a college radio format .	Pres
On 15 June , transports under Vice Admiral Richmond K. Turner landed Marines under the command of Lt.Gen .	Pres
It accommodates pupils aged 11 – 16 , providing secondary education to 1368 pupils .	Pres
Highgate Wood School now sends over 80 students each year to university or higher education .	Pres
Students benefit from good teaching , which is effectively led and managed .	Pres
The popular sixth form enjoys a positive reputation locally and , through good leadership and management , it complements the provision provided in Years 7 to 11 .	Pres
Sixth-form students speak highly of the provision and are empowered to develop as increasingly independent learners . "	Pres
He shares this honour with Ben Cairns .	Pres
The height of the shell attains 1.3 mm , its diameter 1.7 mm .	Pres
KSC airs a college radio format .	Pres
The height of the shell attains 1.1 mm , its diameter 1.2 mm .	Pres
The film explores the life of an Afghan suicide bomber who is sent on a mission on Indian Independence Day .	Pres
Although he is a deep-rooted fundamentalist , he sees this area as colourful and loving .	Pres
However , the first 15 seconds of LeMond 's original narration was missing from the film .	Pres
Knesebeck promotes its traditions such as its music , sports clubs , cultural events and ecclesiastic life .	Pres
" Vickers 10-inch 45-calibre naval gun	Pres
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :	Pres
The protagonist , Parvati , decides to go off men when she is dumped by her boyfriend .	Pres
She concludes that her girlfriends are right : all men are bastards .	Pres
The stained glass in the east window depicts the Ascension and an Apocalyptic Vision and was designed by Shrigley and Hunt .	Pres
The Film Center reportedly averages 1,500 screenings a year .	Pres
The name Slieve Rushen derives from the Gaelic " " Sliabh Ros-in " " which means " " The Mountain of the Little Wood " " .	Pres
WVOJ broadcasts at 10,000 watts by day .	Pres
The station broadcasts USF Football .	Pres
The slate beds dip to the north at an angle of about 35 degrees .	Pres
The Dolwyddelan fault crosses the site from north to south immediately to the east of the main adits , and the veins end abruptly at its location .	Pres
Intellitech Corporation owns the trademark " Intellitech " in the US , EU and other countries .	Pres
Intellitech develops an integrated solution of application software , soft IP and integrated circuits that lower the cost of deploying electronic products .	Pres
“ They already exert some influence on negotiation strategies and on the partnership between Morocco and their adopted country ” , highlights the author .	Pres
He recalls that it was at the beginning of the last century that the first Moroccan mass emigrations began .	Pres
Today still , they earn barely a fifth of that of their French counterparts .	Pres
The author discusses the problem of trafficking Moroccan women in Arabic countries .	Pres
The Canadian marine ecozones adjoin to each other , except for the Pacific ecozone which is adjacent to international marine ecozones and terrestrial Canadian ecozones .	Pres
An ecoregion further divides an ecoprovince , though no ecoregion extends beyond one ecoprovince .	Pres
Meltwater from the glacier enters a lake at about before tumbling down a steep cliff .	Pres
She believes that wearing the niqab is a tradition and the scarf is a better alternative .	Pres
The species overwinters as an egg .	Pres
Nerve chords relay stimuli from sensory organs such as amphids , phasmids , cephalic papillae , and caudal papillae .	Pres
Nikunj hails from a political family .	Pres
In 1973 , the firm was promoting its " Rallypost " system with PVC track and battery-operated carriers that could carry up to 6 kg .	Pres
Rustica dulcis is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family .	Pres
Dan Kiley recognises Fernando Caruncho as his successor , as he bases on his same principles and design ideals .	Pres
She also highlights the universality of the language of his gardens .	Pres
Light , he believes , makes the languages of geometry intelligible . " "	Pres
Paul Jean Piaget , remarks that Fernando Caruncho ´ s work will mark our time even working almost exclusively in the private sector .	Pres
Jane Amidon highlights that despite being classic at first sight , Fernando Caruncho rearranges the elements of the garden to get an impression of modernity .	Pres
" " At first glance , the hypnotic curves of Amastuola seem uncharacteristic of Caruncho .	Pres
The scale therefore shares with the Phrygian mode the property of having a minor second above the tonic .	Pres
The main elevation of the house faces west .	Pres
The Schools at Somerhill comprise three schools in one location .	Pres
Just south of Bayreuth station the line crosses the valley of the Red Main on a 1.5 km-long embankment .	Pres
It arises from the capabilities of verbal language , which was given to the human race 's ancestors as an instinct .	Pres
Incidentally , in the animal world , apriorism already exists in a partial , elementary form .	Pres
The novel shapes fate using a pre-prepared mould .	Pres
In this way , the novel competes with God ’ s creation and at least temporarily triumphs over death . ” .	Pres
The same happens in everyday life , when human beings attempt to change the conditions in which they live , their relationships with other people etc .	Pres
It often grows in rocky and sandy substrates , clay , and alkaline soils amongst cactus .	Pres
It grows in arid canyons and bajadas / washes , from in elevation .	Pres
Habitats it is found in include creosote bush scrub , saltbush scrub , and Joshua tree woodlands .	Pres
I feel that if this happened , I would cool towards him .	Pres
Pryderi and his men march north and fight a battle between Maenor Bennardd and Maenor Coed Alun , but are forced to retreat .	Pres
After three years , Math releases his nephews from their punishment and begins the search for a new foot-holder .	Pres
Gwydion suggests his sister Arianrhod , who is magically tested for virginity by Math .	Pres
Some time later , he hears screams from within the chest , and opens it to discover a baby boy .	Pres
Some years later , Gwydion accompanies the boy to Caer Arianrhod , and presents him to his mother .	Pres
With this information she arranges his death .	Pres
Gwydion overtakes a fleeing Blodeuwedd and turns her into an owl , the creature hated by all other birds , proclaiming :	Pres
Meanwhile , Gronw escapes to Penllyn and sends emissaries to Lleu to beg of his forgiveness .	Pres
Lleu refuses , demanding that Gronw must stand on the bank of the River Cynfael and receive a blow from his spear .	Pres
He also personally organises events to promote innovation and development in the industry .	Pres
This system enables digital and analog content materials from a range of mobile devices to be simultaneously displayed on screen , streamed , and recorded .	Pres
Research indicates that the visual display of ‘ live ’ image based material during a presentation greatly increases the audience 's level of information retention and understanding .	Pres
" Grevillea cyranostigma " grows as a many-branched spreading shrub reaching 0.5 to 2 m ( 20 in to 7 ft ) high .	Pres
After the occupation he writes about French prisoners bedding local German girls , while back in their homeland French women had intimate relations with their German occupiers .	Pres
The German birth rate , like that in most industrial nations , had been falling for decades .	Pres
Their girls consider it an honour , not a source of shame . "	Pres
The stem grows up to 50 or 60 centimeters long .	Pres
Its concept illustrates the role of physical stimuli in generating appetite and , more specifically , explains the significance of taste in relation to hunger .	Pres
The CD single marks Vissi 's first collaboration with Karvelas in four years .	Pres
He declares to be a devout Roman Catholic and member of the Opus Dei .	Pres
75 Squadron was avoiding dogfighting with the Japanese Zeros .	Pres
The home in Nice still bears a plaque to show his habitation of the property .	Pres
The passage on the city of Gwacheon in the same book specifies that Surisan is said to be located in the southern part of Gwacheon .	Pres
After days on the turtle 's back , the prince was starving and a pitiful sight .	Pres
Most of Surisan 's mountain-climbing trails overlap with mountain biking trails .	Pres
Anyang City invites a specialist forest explorer who guides participating school children 's exploration of the mangrove forests .	Pres
Participants engage in forest activities while listening to detailed explanations of the surrounding vegetation .	Pres
Despite this , by 1869 the furnace was putting out an average of 20 tons of pig iron per day .	Pres
The waterfall originates from a confluence of several ponds that lead to the river .	Pres
The burning of Worcester puts the characters on the run and into Shropshire in " The Virgin in the Ice " .	Pres
Typically , Cadfael bends his full energy and ingenuity to the double task of solving the mystery and bringing the lovers to a happy union .	Pres
A passage in " The Confession of Brother Haluin " introduces a nobleman whom the reader ( and Cadfael ) had not met before :	Pres
His anger , when justified , might be withering , even perilous – but it would be just .	Pres
On several occasions , Cadfael facilitates and helps such escapes .	Pres
Cadfael remembers Mariam , a Muslim woman , as " well worth the loving , " and had many other profitable friendships with Arabs and Muslims .	Pres
Only in the books , Cadfael speaks Welsh and translates for several non-English-speaking Welshmen .	Pres
In the books , Hugh marries Aline and they have a son , Giles , named for Aline 's dead brother .	Pres
Cutter shoots Nate and Sully .	Pres
20 years earlier , the teenage Nate ( Billy Unger ) searches a museum in Cartagena , Colombia , for the ring .	Pres
He sees Sully , then unknown to him , working with Marlowe to retrieve the ring .	Pres
He and Sully locate the abandoned chateau in France .	Pres
As they escape Marlowe 's men , Cutter breaks his leg .	Pres
He reunites with Elena , who informs him that Sully was captured by Marlowe 's men and forced to lead them to Ubar .	Pres
He deploys a cargo pallet parachute and lands in the desert .	Pres
Nate realizes that King Solomon cast the vessel containing hallucinogenic minerals into the well beneath Ubar , tainting the water and causing Nate to hallucinate .	Pres
Salim rescues them as the city is engulfed by the desert sands .	Pres
Elena joins them and Nate offers her his wedding ring again .	Pres
But we aim to let you just ride a thousand miles off into the middle of nowhere and still find action and adventure as you go . "	Pres
We aim to make it feel open-world . "	Pres
And going forward , it depends on what we do . "	Pres
At launch , players were experiencing console freezes , game-breaking glitches , lagging issues and long connecting times .	Pres
I don 't know what the manufacturing costs are , I don 't know what the shipping costs are .	Pres
It doesn 't seem like a crazy price to me .	Pres
in November , I hope that our game is the one they pick out , because we 're offering something that nothing else on the market is .	Pres
But if they don 't , I totally understand .	Pres
Maybe they don 't buy it day one , but maybe they buy it in February ?	Pres
Maybe they buy it in March ?	Pres
Which of the pre-order bonuses the player received depended upon where they pre-ordered the game .	Pres
For mainland UK buyers the console was only available online , while buyers in Ireland could pick it up in their local store .	Pres
I mean , you can play competitive , co-op , multiple modes " , Richmond continued , " I just can 't quantify it enough " .	Pres
As an additional bonus for the purchase , Sony will be offering up a free , exclusive Fortune Hunters ' Club PlayStation 3 theme .	Pres
And , ultimately , that doesn 't really matter at all . "	Pres
Farm Bureau supports farmers and ranchers and advocates for a safe and affordable American food supply .	Pres
Texas agriculture yields $ 19.8 billion annually in cash receipts .	Pres
The agriculture industry is evolving rapidly to keep up with an expanding global population .	Pres
Each county Farm Bureau elects its own board of directors and officers .	Pres
Each district elects a district director , who serves on the board of the state organization .	Pres
Texas Farm Bureau produces two member publications : " Texas Agriculture " for agricultural producers and " Texas Neighbors " for non-producing members .	Pres
The organization also connects with its statewide membership through its website and by participating in social media , including Facebook and Twitter .	Pres
In 2011 , Texas farmers and ranchers are experiencing one of the worst droughts on record .	Pres
Scarce water supplies are destroying crops and livestock herds throughout the region .	Pres
They quarrel and he boylike wants the best , takes away a toy which she snatches back .	Pres
They squabble but make up , and leave with an arm around each other .	Pres
The campaign aims to halt the ongoing decline in urban and semi-urban tree planting in England .	Pres
comprises a collar , a star , and a badge .	Pres
Katherine wants to deliver a message to the Salvatore brothers ; bring her the moonstone at tonight 's Masquerade Ball otherwise she will rip the town apart .	Pres
The brothers agree that they have to kill Katherine and they start making their plan of how to do it .	Pres
Bonnie hesitates at first but agrees to help under the condition that no one will get hurt .	Pres
At the Ball , Katherine arrives with Lucy and she runs into Matt .	Pres
At the Ball , Katherine asks Stefan for a dance and while they are dancing she demands to give her the moonstone .	Pres
Meanwhile , Lucy catches up Katherine worrying of the involvement of another witch and Katherine tells her that there is nothing to worry about .	Pres
As soon as he gets out of sight , Elena pulls him aside and asks what is going on .	Pres
Damon looks surprised and Katherine explains that she also has a witch on her side .	Pres
Bonnie realizes that the woman she saw earlier is a witch and tries to find her so she can break the link between Elena and Katherine .	Pres
Lucy senses that Bonnie has the moonstone and asks her to give it to her telling her that she can trust her .	Pres
Tyler pushes her back to defend himself and Sarah hits her head and dies , making Tyler trigger the curse and become a werewolf .	Pres
Back at the room , Lucy joins the three vampires having the moonstone in her possession .	Pres
She informs Katherine that the spell on the room has been broken and she is free to go .	Pres
Katherine wakes up in the tomb where Damon thought she had been all these years .	Pres
This show just keeps getting better , and I can ’ t wait to see where they take us next ! "	Pres
The Vampire Diaries moves quickly , and it is better to move on before Katherine becomes one of those tiresome villains who can never be defeated .	Pres
Although the show is wise to keep her alive ; she hints that Elena is still in danger and that she has some information .	Pres
This show is really picking up steam and I don 't want it to have a midseason slump that kills the momentum they have going for them .	Pres
Each of the four team members , performed two jumps , which were judged in the same fashion as the Olympic ski jumping competition .	Pres
The scores for all the jumps each team took were summed , and used to calculate their deficit in the cross-country race .	Pres
The series presents many artists behind-the-scenes during all the preparation and recording of a live presentation .	Pres
