Bloomstar School System lists its core subjects as English , Mathematics , Science , Urdu and Arabic .	Pres
The school also stresses the value of the study of Islam ; the subject is compulsory and recitation of the Quran is practiced at daily assemblies .	Pres
As part of the group show " Les Anglais vus par les Anglais " ( trans .	Pres
In this , Harrison considers an understanding of the north and its place in photographic culture through memory and personal history .	Pres
Photographs from the series " I belong Jarrow " have been exhibited in England and Europe , including the MACRO Testaccio , Rome .	Past
The Fellowship enables mid-career photographers to develop their professional practice .	Pres
For the one year Fellowship Harrison photographed the boring machine his father had operated throughout his working life .	Past
The work , titled " Copper Horses " was exhibited at the National Media Museum in 2013 .	Past
It was screened in the International Critics ' Week section at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Nespresso Grand Prize and the FIPRESCI Prize .	Past
The forewings are pale ochreous irregularly sprinkled with fuscous .	Pres
This guarantees compliance with the French curriculum as well as the recognition of the choice of study pathways and the exams taken by the pupils .	Pres
Now more than fifty years old , it is experiencing a growth in appeal , currently schooling more than 750 pupils between 4 sites .	Pres
Founded in 1956 by a group of parents , the French school taught its first class on the premises of the Catholic Mission on Hottingerstrasse .	Past
Situated on Ursprungstrasse 10 , in Gockhausen , it is not far from the Im Tobelacker site .	Past
With the ever-increasing number of pupils , the LFZ has been renting premises at Dübendorf-Stettbach to accommodate the nursery school since 2007 .	Pres
The forewings are purplish-grey irrorated with dark fuscous .	Past
The forewings are ochreous-yellow tinged with brownish towards the termen .	Past
The constituency elects one representative under the mixed member proportional representation ( MMP ) system .	Pres
A Remscheid – Solingen constituency existed from 1949 to 1965 when both became the centre of their own constituencies .	Past
It was screened in the International Critics ' Week section at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival .	Past
This report supplies the evidence that no other educational intervention works as well as acceleration for gifted students .	Pres
The High Commission of India in Nairobi , Kenya is jointly accredited to Somalia .	Past
Somalia maintains an embassy in New Delhi .	Pres
Mohamud was conferred an Honorary Doctorate degree by Barkatullah University during the visit .	Past
Bilateral trade between India and Somalia totaled US $ 391.05 million in 2014-15 , recording a growth of 51 % over the previous fiscal .	Past
India exported $ 352.81 million worth of goods to Somalia , and imported .	Past
India donated 100,000 tonnes of wheat to Somalia , Kenya , and Djibouti ) in 1985 .	Past
The Pan African e-Network project , India 's flagship aid initiative in Africa , was inaugurated on 16 August 2010 in Somalia .	Past
Since 2008 , the Indian Navy has been conducting anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden .	Pres
For the first time , the government authorised the Navy to act autonomously without requesting permission from New Delhi to carry out individual operations .	Past
" Tabar " was dispatched by the Navy in October 2008 to escort vessels off the coast of Somalia .	Past
The ship escorted over 35 Indian and foreign-owned ships by the end of November 2008 .	Past
An Indian-flagged cargo vessel called MV " Al Kausar " was hijacked by Somali pirates off the island of Socotra on 1 April 2017 .	Past
A subsequent raid by Somali forces freed the remaining nine crew members , and all 10 pirates were captured .	Past
This refugee community comprises the bulk of Somali immigrants in the country .	Pres
The Indian community in Somalia primarily resided in cities and had their own schools and facilities .	Past
Most of the Indians in Somalia relocated to Mombasa , Kenya .	Past
Following the civil war , all Indian-owned properties in Somalia were seized by armed militia .	Past
Indian troops distributed medicines and seeds worth .	Pres
They were ambushed in front of their house in Los Andes , when they had returned from a visit to their hometown of Copán .	Past
The design by Carrère and Hastings was honored with a Gold Medal by the New York Chapter of the American Institute of Architects in 1903 .	Past
It was styled after the Grand Trianon in Versailles .	Past
It belongs to the Diocese of Lund .	Pres
A side gallery is decorated with paintings depicting the virtues , made during the 17th century .	Past
One night Jo knocks on her door .	Pres
In the 1950 Hincks and Burnell was formally dissolved , and Horace Hincks continued on his own based at 50 High Pavement , Nottingham .	Past
The story and screenplay is penned by noted author Santhosh Echikkanam who had teamed up with Sidharth in his directorial debut " Nidra " ( 2012 ) .	Past
Cinematography is handled by Shyju Khalid and editing by Bavan Sreekumar .	Past
This relationship disturbs the king .	Pres
He sends Velkozhukottuvan ( Dileep ) to the 100 years war , in which he gets stamped by an elephant and gets killed .	Pres
She pleaded to Chandramohan to postpone this petition for 2 months as she is having a dance program in Germany .	Past
One day after a dinner he sees Sushama in his home and gets to know that she has got her transfer .	Pres
He rushes to the hospital leaving his family alone in Big Bazaar .	Pres
One fine day , Sushama asks Chandramohan where he is over the phone and he mentions that he is in his office .	Pres
She checks his phone and gets to know that he is calling ' Geetanandhan ' frequently .	Pres
She asks one of her staff to know about this number and gets to know the original details .	Pres
But she spots both of them in Mayura Agency and follows them .	Pres
Sushama determines and goes to Geetanjali 's house and reveals she is Chandran 's wife and tells the truth of Chandran 's fantasy about his past life .	Pres
Geetanjali mentions that if Chandran comes to her at night then Sushama should leave him and go .	Pres
" Filmibeat.com " rated 3.0 out of 5 stars and said the film brings back the vintage Dileep in full swing .	Past
Siddarth Bharathan has nailed it with this simple tale . " .	Past
These machines were grounded after a young woman was given a joyride .	Past
Both aircraft were however handed back after war broke out .	Past
In the Great War , New Zealand aircrew flew as part of the British Royal Flying Corps and Royal Naval Air Service .	Past
The government assisted two private schools to train pilots for the conflict .	Past
Several of the military aircraft were heavily modified — a 504 becoming a 3-seat floatplane and a DH-9 acquiring an enclosed passenger cabin .	Past
The importance of aviation in war was belatedly recognised , largely thanks to the efforts of visionary parliamentarian Sir Henry Wigram .	Past
It was initially equipped with the surviving Avro 504K , the DH.4s , DH.9s and Bristol Fighters .	Past
In 1926 Wigram donated £ 2,500 for the purchase of modern fighters and Gloster Grebes were acquired .	Past
Only when German surface raiders became active was it realised that a combat force would be needed in New Zealand in addition to the trainers .	Past
200 Squadron RAF was piloting a Consolidated Liberator bomber when it encountered a U-boat on the surface off the African coast .	Pres
5 Squadron , at RNZAF Station Laucala Bay in Fiji , commenced operations against the Japanese despite its obsolete equipment .	Past
In New Zealand preparations intensified and in 1942 three Groups were established to direct air and , if necessary , air defence operations .	Past
From 1949 Compulsory Military Training reinvigorated the reserve component of the Air Force .	Past
The force was equipped from 1946 with the De Havilland Mosquito before the arrival of De Havilland Vampires .	Past
6 Squadron was disbanded and 5 Squadron received P-3B Orions in 1965 .	Past
1 Squadron was deactivated in December 1984 , and its Andovers were transferred to No .	Past
Through much of the postwar period the RNZAF was administered through two groups .	Past
The NZ government allocated NZ $ 550 million to replace the Iroquois and a small fleet of Bell 47 ( Sioux ) training helicopters .	Past
The aircraft are utilised for commercial air services as an adversary squadron .	Past
485 Wing RNZAF , established at RNZAF Base Auckland on 1 July 2002 , supervises the operational squadrons .	Pres
It draws its heritage from the former Strike Wing , which parented 14 and 75 Squadrons at RNZAF Base Ohakea for many years .	Pres
Nos 485 and 488 Wings were disestablished in early 2015 and effectively replaced by Base Commanders .	Past
From the mid-1950s RNZAF roundels were modified by a fern frond within the inner red circle .	Past
To assist camouflage in the 1980s the white was sometimes eliminated , giving a red kiwi within a blue circle ( e.g .	Past
He disapproved of the introduction of the Covenant and declared himself in favour of episcopacy .	Past
It embraces study of instruments ' history , instruments used in different cultures , technical aspects of how instruments produce sound , and musical instrument classification .	Pres
This system of classification was updated several times by Sachs and Hornbostel and still continues to be updated periodically .	Past
These periods are further subdivided into regions and then to significant time periods within those regions .	Past
DeVale defines organology as “ the science of sound instruments ” .	Pres
She also defines three primary branches-classificatory , analytical , and applied- that serve as the basis for the study of organology .	Pres
The classificatory branch essentially encompasses all of the ways in which musical instruments have been categorized , both cross-culturally and through cultural-specific systems .	Pres
Elves tend to be agile and good at scoring , while Dwarfs and Orcs are more suited to a grinding , physical style of play .	Pres
Whenever a player action fails , a " turnover " occurs : the team turn ends immediately , and the opposing team begins theirs .	Pres
Some teams pose challenges for experienced coaches because of inbuilt imbalances .	Pres
Additional background exists to describe the demeanor and character of the Blood Bowl players with frequent reference to rule breaking and excessive violence in a lighthearted manner .	Pres
Recent changes to the rules reflect this , and newer miniatures for the game look more sporty in nature .	Pres
" Blood Bowl " has evolved through a series of rules revisions , boxed set releases , and electronic media .	Past
Players in the first edition boxed set were represented by small pieces of cardboard illustrated with their likeness .	Past
The new range closely resembled " Warhammer Fantasy Battle " miniatures .	Past
Combined with the newly available races mirroring " Warhammer " armies , " Blood Bowl " moved much closer to " Warhammer Fantasy Battle " .	Past
This brings the total races represented to 20 .	Pres
In the course of time the collection was interpolated with sentences drawn from other writers , especially from apocryphal writings of Seneca the Younger .	Past
Seneca the Younger strived to develop a " sententious style " like Publilius throughout his life .	Past
Rushton argues that this is derived from John Lyly 's " Euphues " .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1950 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1951 .	Pres
These two angles combine to define sunrise to occur when the Sun 's center is 50 arcminutes below the horizon , or 90.83 ° from the zenith .	Pres
Accounting for atmospheric refraction and measuring from the leading edge slightly increases the average duration of day relative to night .	Pres
The remaining reddened sunlight can then be scattered by cloud droplets and other relatively large particles to light up the horizon red and orange .	Past
This was printed in Basel , Switzerland in octavo format by Johannes Oporinus .	Past
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1952 .	Pres
This article presents lists of literary events and publications in 1953 .	Pres
In the case of Gästrikland the province constitutes the southern part of the administrative county , " län " , Gävleborg County .	Pres
Historically , Gästrikland was sub-divided into chartered cities and court districts .	Past
Football in the province is administered by Gestriklands Fotbollförbund .	Past
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1954 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1955 .	Pres
He also edited ( 1836 – 1838 ) Richard Bentley 's works , and " Specimens of British Sonnets " ( 1833 ) .	Past
Dyce ’ s bequest comprised 80 pictures , 63 miniatures , 802 drawings , 1,511 prints , 74 rings , 27 art objects , and 13,596 books .	Past
His wide reading in Elizabethan literature enabled him to explain much that was formerly obscure in Shakespeare .	Past
" This entry is updated from the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica . "	Past
At one point , murmurs and boos arose from the crowd at the Greek jury 's decision to give host country Germany only one point .	Pres
Additionally , she sang her song barefoot .	Past
The Grand Théâtre de Luxembourg , inaugurated in 1964 as the Théâtre Municipal de la Ville de Luxembourg , became the venue for the 1984 contest .	Past
He pioneered the now-common practices of buying merchandise directly from manufacturers and fixing the selling prices on items , rather than haggling .	Past
Undeterred , he applied to many shops in the area , every time receiving a resounding " No . "	Past
Scholar Gail Fenske suggests that Woolworth had heard of a " five-cent counter craze " while questioning his own sales ability at his first job .	Pres
Jean Maddern Pitrone suggests the idea was conceived after a travelling salesman told Woolworth of stores with the five-cent counter concept in Michigan .	Pres
Plunkett-Powell suggests the concept was overheard by Woolworth during a discussion between William Moore and a young man who had opened his own cut-rate goods store .	Pres
Woolworth borrowed $ 300 and opened a five-cent store in Utica , New York , on February 22 , 1878 .	Past
Woolworth is interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx , New York City .	Past
The final UK stores ceased trading January 6 , 2009 .	Past
Sunset creates unique atmospheric conditions such as the often intense orange and red colors of the Sun and the surrounding sky .	Pres
This date depends on the viewer 's latitude ( connected with the Earth 's slower movement around the aphelion around July 4 ) .	Pres
These effects are plotted by an analemma .	Past
Refraction also affects the apparent shape of the Sun when it is very close to the horizon .	Pres
This raises the apparent position of the bottom edge more than the top , reducing the apparent height of the solar disk .	Pres
The remaining reddened sunlight can then be scattered by cloud droplets and other relatively large particles to light up the horizon red and orange .	Past
Sometimes just before sunrise or after sunset a green flash can be seen .	Past
At this point , a case of circular reference was encountered , and the civilization needed to refer to the first drawer-sized box to find the error .	Past
It was anthologized in the collection " 17 X Infinity " ( 1963 ) edited by Groff Conklin .	Past
They are commemorated by an obelisk at Sandford Lock and two memorial tablets in the north walk of the Cathedral cloisters .	Past
The important share which he took in the edition of the " Thesaurus " is nevertheless authenticated by his own signature to his contributions .	Past
Through the WMD policy center he advocates for the recommendations in the Commission 's report , " World at Risk . "	Pres
A few months later , Ms. Riley contacted Senator Graham with a proposal to teach the next semester of civics .	Past
He totaled 408 work days .	Past
Graham was re-elected in 1982 with 65 percent of the vote , having defeated the Republican nominee , U.S. Representative L. A .	Past
Graham emphasized education , and placed a focus on improvement of the public universities in the state .	Past
For three of his eight years Florida was rated by the accounting firm Grant Thornton as having the best business climate of all states in the union .	Past
The notebooks are now housed at the University of Florida library .	Past
He withdrew his candidacy on October 7 , 2003 .	Past
The UF Center , known as the Bob Graham Center for Public Service , is housed in the university 's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences .	Past
To this day , Bob Graham still owns a significant share of the Graham Companies , and serves on the board of directors .	Pres
Bellocq is remembered for his haunting photographs of the prostitutes of Storyville , New Orleans ' legalized red-light district .	Past
These photographs were immediately acclaimed for their unique poignancy and beauty .	Past
A number of early posthumous prints from Bellocq 's negatives by photographer Dan Leyrer have also surfaced .	Past
Many of the faces had been scraped out ; whether this was done by Bellocq , his Jesuit priest brother who inherited them after E .	Past
Some prints made by Bellocq have since surfaced .	Past
In some cases , they should not even be spoken of .	Past
A person , object , or place that is tapu , may not be touched by human contact , in some cases , not even approached .	Past
Not only were the houses of people of high rank perceived to be tapu , but also their possessions including their clothing .	Past
Sites of whale strandings and any whale carcasses from strandings are treated as sacred ground .	Past
Byas switched to the tenor saxophone after he moved to the West Coast and played with several Los Angeles bands .	Past
Pianist Tete Montoliu sneaked into the Copacabana Club in Barcelona to hear the great saxophone player .	Past
Byas collaborated again with Andy Kirk and recorded together on Vogue in 1953 .	Past
Frank searched for a larger , low-rent building .	Past
During this time , Frank was expanding with more stores .	Pres
Each of the syndicate chain 's stores looked similar inside and out , but operated under its founder 's name .	Past
Seymour had been managing a general store in Michigan .	Pres
They all swallowed their pride and accepted Frank 's name above the door , with Frank as President of the new Corporation .	Past
As he did from the beginning , Sum concentrated on improving stores , particularly in his native Pennsylvania , and training up-and-coming managers .	Past
Those managers eventually dispersed across the entire company , setting the style and tone of Woolworth stores worldwide .	Past
As Chairman , he facilitated debate and ensured issues were properly confronted and argued out by the Board .	Past
The Woolworth 's concept was widely copied , and five-and-ten-cent stores ( also known as five-and-dime stores or dimestores ) became a 20th-century fixture in American downtowns .	Past
Some of these stores were branded as Winfields , after the founder 's middle name .	Past
By 1989 , the company was pursuing an aggressive strategy of multiple specialty store formats targeted at enclosed shopping malls .	Pres
Approximately 100 Woolworth stores in Canada were rebranded as The Bargain !	Past
It carries products including clothing , electronics , gifts , vegan products , lifestyle , home , and furniture .	Pres
On February 1 , 1960 , four black students sat down at a segregated lunch counter in a Greensboro , North Carolina , Woolworth 's store .	Past
A doctor confirmed the death of Nagashima , of Yokohama , shortly after the plane landed .	Past
Nishizawa had smuggled the knife aboard the aircraft by exploiting multiple security flaws at Haneda .	Past
Additionally , he requested employment by the airport as a security guard .	Past
In October 1925 , Langsdorff was posted to the Defence Ministry in Berlin to coordinate relations between the navy and the army .	Past
In 1927 , he was posted to the command of a torpedo boat flotilla , and in April 1930 he was promoted to lieutenant commander .	Past
In 1931 , he was recalled to Berlin , as his administrative abilities had become well-known and appreciated .	Past
Following the rise to power of the Nazis , Langsdorff requested duty at sea in 1934 , but was instead appointed to the Interior Ministry .	Past
Langsdorff adhered to the Hague Conventions and avoided killing anyone ; his humane treatment won the respect of the ships ' officers detained as his prisoners .	Past
I can now only prove by my death that the fighting services of the Third Reich are ready to die for the honour of the flag .	Pres
I alone bear the responsibility for scuttling the panzerschiff " Admiral Graf Spee " .	Pres
His craft was later recovered by the Royal Navy and is currently displayed at the Imperial War Museum in London .	Past
Symptoms can be absent , mild or severe .	Past
Rapid partial correction with 3 % normal saline is only recommended in those with significant symptoms and occasionally those in whom the condition was of rapid onset .	Past
SIADH is typically treated with fluid restriction while high volume hyponatremia is typically treated with both fluid restriction and a diet low in salt .	Past
Symptom severity depends on how fast and how severe the drop in blood salt level .	Pres
A gradual drop , even to very low levels , may be tolerated well if it occurs over several days or weeks , because of neuronal adaptation .	Past
The presence of underlying neurological disease such as a seizure disorder or non-neurological metabolic abnormalities , also affects the severity of neurologic symptoms .	Pres
Hyponatremia , by interfering with bone metabolism , has been linked with a doubled risk of osteoporosis and an increased risk of bone fracture .	Past
Those with low tonicity are then grouped by whether the person has high fluid volume , normal fluid volume , or low fluid volume .	Past
Hypotonic hyponatremia is categorized in 3 ways based on the person 's blood volume status .	Past
The treatment of hyponatremia depends on the underlying cause .	Pres
In those with severe disease an increase in sodium of about 5 mmol / L over one to four hours is recommended .	Past
In the United States they are recommended in those with SIADH , cirrhosis , or heart failure who fail limiting fluid intact .	Past
In Europe they are not generally recommended .	Past
The incidence of hyponatremia depends largely on the patient population .	Pres
Elected to the Frankfurt Parliament in 1848 , he joined the Right Centre party , and was chosen reporter of the projected constitution .	Past
He sat in the Erfurt assembly in 1850 , and in the second Prussian chamber from 1849 to 1852 .	Past
During the crisis in Schleswig and Holstein in 1850 he endeavoured in person to aid the duchies in their struggles .	Past
In 1859 , however , he was recalled to Berlin as assistant in the ministry of state in the cabinet of Charles Anthony , Prince of Hohenzollern .	Past
State law determines the various powers its municipalities have .	Pres
They are permitted to perform any function specifically granted them by Title 35 RCW ( Revised Code of Washington ) .	Past
Like first class cities , they are permitted to perform any function specifically granted them by Title 35 RCW .	Past
Towns are not authorized to operate under a charter .	Past
Like the previously listed cities , they are permitted to perform any function specifically granted them by Title 35 RCW .	Past
Cities and towns are specifically authorized three forms of government :	Past
It was financed by the French film production company Ciby 2000 , and Turner 's daughter , Morrow , served as a technical consultant .	Past
The university conferred on him an honorary degree , and recommended him to the government for a travelling pension .	Past
Three mountains were excavated for , and was used to construct island 1 .	Past
The island had been predicted to sink by the most optimistic estimate as the weight of the material used for construction compressed the seabed silts .	Past
However , by 1999 , the island had sunk – much more than predicted .	Past
Due to its earthquake engineering , the airport emerged unscathed , mostly due to the use of sliding joints .	Past
Other Kansai domestic flights fly from the older but more conveniently located Osaka International Airport in Itami , or from the newer Kobe Airport .	Pres
Osaka business owners pressed the government to take a greater burden of the construction cost to keep the airport attractive to passengers and airlines .	Past
Kansai has been marketed as an alternative to Narita Airport for international travelers from the Greater Tokyo Area .	Past
This lowered the project cost to JPY ¥ 910 billion ( approx .	Past
The additional runway development , which was opened in time for the IAAF world athletics championships in Osaka , has expanded the airport size to .	Pres
, the Japanese government is postponing these plans for economic reasons .	Pres
The move was aimed at offsetting Kansai Airport 's debt burden .	Past
The airport ceased operations after the typhoon inundated the island under meters of seawater .	Past
All flights at the airport were cancelled until 6 September , at which date Prime Minister Shinzō Abe announced the airport would partially resume domestic operations .	Past
The terminal 's roof is shaped like an airfoil .	Past
Mobiles are suspended in the ticketing hall to take advantage of the flowing air .	Past
The partition was eventually modified to halt this practice .	Past
Peach requested that Terminal 2 have a simplified design in order to minimize operating costs .	Past
The expressway immediately connects to Hanshin Expressways Route 5 , " Wangan Route " , and Hanwa Expressway .	Pres
Some academic publishers now prefer that " ibid . "	Pres
not be italicized , as it is a commonly found term .	Past
In 1999 , Doug Pinnick reflected , " For me personally , the " Dogman " record is what King 's X really sounds like .	Past
And then finally when " Dogman " came out I just spewed it all out .	Past
I was pissed at that point .	Past
" Dogman " was critically well-received upon its release .	Past
Titles and title pages are transcribed in a quasi-facsimile style and representation .	Past
A more common and particular instance of an enumerative bibliography relates to specific sources used or considered in preparing a scholarly paper or academic term paper .	Pres
Bibliographies differ from library catalogs by including only relevant items rather than all items present in a particular library .	Pres
Scholars to this day treat Bowers ' scholarly guide as authoritative .	Pres
The name derives from " arachne " in reference to a spider and its web .	Pres
The governorate , like all the other Lower Saxon governorates , was dissolved in 2004 .	Past
In 2004 , Stewart was convicted of charges related to the ImClone stock trading case .	Past
Stewart rejoined the board of directors of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in 2011 and became chairwoman of her namesake company again in 2012 .	Past
He contracted Stewart 's company to cater the book release party , where Stewart was introduced to Alan Mirken , head of Crown Publishing Group .	Past
In the months that followed , Stewart drew heavy media scrutiny , including a " Newsweek " cover headlined " Martha 's Mess " .	Past
On June 4 , 2003 , Stewart was indicted by the government on nine counts , including charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice .	Past
Stewart voluntarily stepped down as CEO and Chairwoman of MSLO , but stayed on as chief creative officer .	Past
Bacanovic and Waksal were also convicted of federal charges and sentenced to prison terms .	Past
" The Apprentice : Martha Stewart " was not renewed for a second season .	Past
Subsequently , Martha Stewart dated Sir Anthony Hopkins but ended the relationship after she saw " The Silence of the Lambs " .	Past
Stewart reportedly dated billionaire Charles Simonyi , who was an early employee of Microsoft and head of their software group , on and off for 15 years .	Past
Stewart currently resides in Katonah , a hamlet of the town of Bedford , New York .	Pres
In 2011 , Stewart was inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame .	Past
Martha Stewart has been portrayed and parodied in all forms of media .	Past
She was portrayed by Cybill Shepherd in both films .	Past
Lignin constitutes 30 % of non-fossil organic carbon and 20 to 35 % of the dry mass of wood .	Pres
Once separated from the cellulose , it is burned as fuel .	Past
Lignin removed by the kraft process is usually burned for its fuel value , providing energy to power the mill .	Past
Given that it is the most prevalent biopolymer after cellulose , lignin has been investigated as a feedstock for biofuel production .	Past
The attached glucose renders them water-soluble and less toxic .	Pres
Much about its anabolism is not understood even after more than a century of study .	Past
The polymerisation step , that is a radical-radical coupling , is catalysed by oxidative enzymes .	Past
The oxidative enzyme catalyses the formation of monolignol radicals .	Pres
In general , laccases oxidize phenolic substrates but some fungal laccases have been shown to oxidize non-phenolic substrates in the presence of synthetic redox mediators .	Pres
Many fungal laccases are also secreted , which facilitate degradation of phenolic lignin-derived compounds , although several intracellular fungal laccases have also been described .	Past
Many bacterial DyPs have been characterized .	Past
In the environment , lignin can be degraded either biotically via bacteria or abiotically via photochemical alteration , and oftentimes the latter assists in the former .	Past
Pyrolysis of lignin during the combustion of wood or charcoal production yields a range of products , of which the most characteristic ones are methoxy-substituted phenols .	Pres
The residue that remains is termed Klason lignin .	Past
ASL is quantified by the intensity of its UV absorption peak at 280 nm .	Past
The method is suited for wood lignins , but not equally well for varied lignins from different sources .	Past
The carbohydrate composition may be also analyzed from the Klason liquors , although there may be sugar breakdown products ( furfural and 5-hydroxymethylfurfural ) .	Past
A brilliant red color develops , owing to the presence of coniferaldehyde groups in the lignin .	Pres
There , the political movement for the defense of the rights of the Elbe duchies , of which Kiel was the center , attracted his interest .	Past
ACTH is transported by the blood to the adrenal cortex of the adrenal gland , where it rapidly stimulates biosynthesis of corticosteroids such as cortisol from cholesterol .	Past
Important to the function of the HPA axis are some of the feedback loops :	Pres
An abnormally flattened circadian cortisol cycle has been linked with chronic fatigue syndrome , insomnia and burnout .	Past
The HPA axis integrates physical and psychosocial influences in order to allow an organism to adapt effectively to its environment , use resources , and optimize survival .	Pres
Increased production of cortisol during stress results in an increased availability of glucose in order to facilitate fighting or fleeing .	Past
As well as directly increasing glucose availability , cortisol also suppresses the highly demanding metabolic processes of the immune system , resulting in further availability of glucose .	Pres
The HPA axis in turn modulates the immune response , with high levels of cortisol resulting in a suppression of immune and inflammatory reactions .	Pres
This helps to protect the organism from a lethal overactivation of the immune system , and minimizes tissue damage from inflammation .	Pres
The CNS regulates the immune system through neuroendocrine pathways , such as the HPA axis .	Pres
Experimental studies have investigated many different types of stress , and their effects on the HPA axis in many different circumstances .	Past
However , the study mentions that plasma cortisol was not affected by dietary -tryptophan .	Pres
On the other hand , controllable stressors tend to produce higher-than-normal morning cortisol .	Pres
Stress hormone release tends to decline gradually after a stressor occurs .	Pres
This happens when HPA axis hormones become hyperactive in the brain .	Pres
Rats that have been prenatally stressed have elevated basal levels and abnormal circadian rhythm of corticosterone as adults .	Past
Prenatal stress has also been implicated in a tendency toward depression and short attention span in childhood .	Past
The role of early life stress in programming the HPA Axis has been well-studied in animal models .	Past
Whereas maternal care improves cardiac response , sleep / wake rhythm , and growth hormone secretion in the neonate , it also suppresses HPA axis activity .	Pres
In this manner , maternal care negatively regulates stress response in the neonate , thereby shaping his / her susceptibility to stress in later life .	Pres
This programming will have predicted , and potentially be adaptive in a highly stressful , precarious environment during childhood and later life .	Past
In this context , it elucidates why early life programming in the perinatal and postnatal period may have been evolutionarily selected for .	Pres
Specifically , by instating specific patterns of HPA axis activation , the individual may be more well equipped to cope with adversity in a high-stress environment .	Past
Ultimately , the conservation of the HPA axis has underscored its critical adaptive roles in vertebrates , so , too , various invertebrate species over time .	Past
This part has later been integrated in Lapland , Finland .	Past
The Österbotten , " Eastern Botten " or Ostrobothnia , lay on the Finnish side of the sea , and this province name still survives .	Past
Regional football in the province is administered by Västerbottens Fotbollförbund .	Past
" New Jersey " was decommissioned in 1920 and slated for destruction in bombing tests in 1923 .	Past
Martin NBS-1 bombers sank the ship on 5 September 1923 in a series of bomb attacks .	Pres
She displaced as designed and up to at full load .	Past
The ship was powered by two-shaft triple-expansion steam engines rated at and twelve coal-fired Babcock & Wilcox boilers , generating a top speed of .	Past
As built , she was fitted with heavy military masts , but these were quickly replaced by cage masts in 1909 .	Past
On 21 September , the ship was deployed to Cuba to take part in the Second Occupation of Cuba ; she remained there until 13 October .	Past
The ships then crossed the Atlantic to return to Hampton Roads on 22 February 1909 , having traveled .	Past
The ship was deployed to the Caribbean to protect American interests as the Mexican Revolution worsened in late 1913 .	Past
On 13 August , " New Jersey " departed Mexican waters and steamed to Santo Domingo , where unrest gripped both the Dominican Republic and Haiti .	Past
On 6 April 1917 , the United States declared war on Germany owing to the unrestricted submarine warfare campaign Germany initiated earlier that year .	Past
In , he voiced several characters , most notably Lilarcor the talking sword , and the druid Cernd .	Past
He also voiced Chase Young in Xiaolin Showdown from 03-06	Past
He also voiced for Tak in the game " Tak and the Power of Juju " along with " " and " " .	Past
'Verwaltungsbezirk Oldenburg ' was dissolved in June 1977 and became part of Regierungsbezirk Weser-Ems .	Past
An excerpt from " The Sixth and Seventh Books of Moses " , which many powwowers find as justification for the Christian practice of powwowing , reads :	Pres
One thing must not be omitted , in conclusion , and that is , we must first become Christians before we can perform cures by Christian methods .	Past
It is primarily understood by practitioners of the Powwow tradition that Powwow is an Americanized version of English Cunning Craft :	Past
Significantly , the " Long Lost Friend " assures its owner that :	Pres
Many scholars disagree with this claim , however , and generally the hex signs are believed to be the natural progression of German fraktur art .	Pres
During World War II , " New Jersey " shelled targets on Guam and Okinawa , and screened aircraft carriers conducting raids in the Marshall Islands .	Past
She was briefly reactivated in 1968 and sent to Vietnam to support US troops before returning to the mothball fleet in 1969 .	Past
Reactivated once more in the 1980s as part of the 600-ship Navy program , " New Jersey " was modernized to carry missiles and recommissioned for service .	Past
This attack was coordinated with the assault on Kwajalein , and effectively interdicted the Japanese naval retaliation to the conquest of the Marshalls .	Past
Early in October raids to destroy enemy air power based on Okinawa and Formosa were begun in preparation for the Leyte landings of 20 October 1944 .	Past
The next day Halsey shaped his course north after the decoy force had been spotted .	Past
" New Jersey " rejoined her fast carriers near San Bernardino 27 October 1944 for strikes on central and southern Luzon .	Past
On 18 December , the small but violent typhoon overtook the Task Force while many of the ships were attempting to refuel .	Past
" New Jersey " ranged far and wide from 30 December 1944 to 25 January 1945 on her last cruise as Admiral Halsey 's flagship .	Past
She was decommissioned at Bayonne 30 June 1948 and assigned to the New York Group , Atlantic Reserve Fleet .	Past
In 1950 North Korea invaded South Korea , prompting the United States to intervene in the name of the United Nations .	Past
As part of the naval mobilization " New Jersey " was recalled from the mothball fleet to provide seaborne artillery support for U.N. and South Korean troops .	Past
She sailed from Norfolk , Virginia 16 April 1951 and arrived from Japan off the east coast of Korea 17 May .	Past
Several near misses splashed to port , but " New Jersey " s precision fire silenced the enemy and destroyed several gun emplacements .	Past
The pattern again was harassing fire by night , destruction of known targets by day .	Pres
Enemy movement was restricted by the fire of her big guns .	Past
The operation was well-planned and coordinated , and excellent results were obtained .	Past
This five-hour bombardment leveled ten artillery positions , and in smashing trenches and bunkers inflicted some 500 enemy casualties .	Past
" New Jersey " dashed up the North Korean coast raiding transportation facilities from 1 to 6 November .	Past
With renewed attacks on Kansong and near the Chang-San-Got Peninsula 11 and 13 November , " New Jersey " completed her first tour of duty in Korea .	Past
Now " New Jersey " prepared and trained for her second Korean tour , for which she sailed from Norfolk 5 March 1953 .	Past
She then sailed back to Wonsan for a day-long bombardment 24 June , aimed at guns placed in caves .	Past
" New Jersey " sailed for Europe once more 27 August as flagship of Vice Admiral Charles Wellborn , Jr . , Commander United States Second Fleet .	Past
She was decommissioned and placed in reserve at Bayonne 21 August 1957 .	Past
Armed as such " New Jersey " was formally recommissioned 6 April 1968 at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard , Captain J. Edward Snyder in command .	Past
On 14 October " New Jersey " shifted her gunfire to the coastal artillery sites on Hon Matt Island , destroying one battery on the island .	Past
On the night of 23 October " New Jersey " steamed north to rearm before taking up position in support of the 3rd Marine Division 25 October .	Past
That day she shelled enemy troops located by a spotter plane .	Past
On 28 October " New Jersey " steamed south to engage Communist targets .	Past
The next day " New Jersey " leveled 30 structures , destroyed three underground bunkers , and shelled a Viet Cong trench line .	Past
" New Jersey " responded by firing six 16 inch rounds at the site , destroying it .	Past
That afternoon " New Jersey " s 5 inch guns shelled enemy buildings , destroying 15 structures and inflicted heavy damage on 29 others .	Past
On 22 February " New Jersey " responded to an urgent request for fire support from the besieged Oceanview observation post near the DMZ .	Past
For the remainder of February and into March " New Jersey " shelled targets along the DMZ .	Past
On 13 March the battleship departed the gunline bound for Subic Bay .	Past
For the next week " New Jersey " patrolled the waters between Phan Thiet and Tuy Hoa , shelling targets of opportunity along the coast .	Past
She anchored at Long Beach 5 May 1969 , her first visit to her home port in eight months .	Past
Assuming command of a ship already earmarked for the " mothball fleet " , Captain Peniston and his crew prepared for their task .	Past
On 28 December 1982 " New Jersey " was formally recommissioned at Long Beach , California , her new homeport .	Past
Because " New Jersey " had been recalled for service in the Vietnam War her modernization differed from her sisters for a number of reasons .	Past
Similarly , assets were diverted from two guided missile destroyers to allow for the installation of Harpoon launchers on " New Jersey " .	Past
In 1983 , a bloody civil war was raging in Lebanon .	Pres
On 18 April 1983 a van carrying a 2,000 pound load of explosives , slammed into the U.S. embassy in West Beirut , killing 63 .	Past
Four hundred Marines stationed in Beirut attended the show .	Past
The problem was apparently resolved after the Navy was able to locate additional powder supplies which had not been remixed .	Past
A and two " Grisha III " frigates also shadowed the U.S. ships .	Past
Eventually , the ban was lifted and " New Jersey " was allowed to use her big guns again .	Past
It distributes over three counties as follows :	Pres
The Vitalie pirate brothers sieged the Styresholm fortress in 1398 , holding the whole coast of Norrland .	Past
The Styresholm fort was however demolished in 1434 by the locals during the Engelbrekt Uprising .	Past
In 1490 , districts Ångermanland , Alir , Sunded , Nordanstig and Medelpad constituted Storhälsingland .	Past
Härnösand receives city status in 1585 .	Pres
In 1721 Härnösand was burned to the ground by the Russian navy .	Past
Football in the province is administered by Ångermanlands Fotbollförbund .	Past
Sidney complained in a letter to Francis Walsingham that " Will " had delivered the letters to Lady Leicester rather than Sidney 's wife , Frances Walsingham .	Past
Similarly , the title-page of the quarto of " A Knack to Know a Knave " advertises Kempe 's " merriments " .	Pres
Entries in the Stationers ' Register indicate that three jigs ( short comic plays ) perhaps written by Kempe were published between 1591 and 1595 .	Pres
While this is not necessarily the comedian , the record fits his departure from the documentary record .	Pres
Two of Kempe 's jigs survive in English , and two more in German .	Pres
The later Mormaers of Moray traced their descent to Ainbcellach and the Cenél Loairn through Ainbcellach 's son Ruadrí .	Past
In the case of Medelpad the province roughly comprises the southern part of the administrative county , " län " , Västernorrland County .	Pres
The arms of Medelpad symbolises the land between the two rivers Ljungan and Indalsälven .	Pres
Football in the province is administered by Medelpads Fotbollförbund and includes clubs such as Ljustorps IF .	Past
It borders Gästrikland , Dalarna , Härjedalen , Medelpad and the Gulf of Bothnia .	Pres
In the case of Hälsingland the province constitutes the northern part of the " län " ( ' administrative county ' ) Gävleborg County .	Pres
After that , Söderhamn was chartered in 1620 .	Past
The town of Hudiksvall , one of the oldest in Norrland , was ransacked by Russian troops in 1721 .	Past
Football in the province is administered by Hälsinglands Fotbollförbund .	Past
It borders the country of Norway as well as the provinces of Dalarna , Hälsingland , Medelpad , and Jämtland .	Pres
The province originally belonged to Norway , but was ceded to Sweden in the Treaty of Brömsebro , 1645 .	Past
After the Treaty of Brömsebro in 1645 , Härjedalen , along with Jämtland , were ceded to Sweden .	Past
They were commonly spelled Herjedalen and Jemtland until 1660 .	Past
A large portion of Härjedalen residents emigrated to America , principally to Northwestern Minnesota during the late 1800s .	Past
Sånfjället National Park extends through the municipality .	Pres
Football in the province is administered by Jämtland-Härjedalens Fotbollförbund .	Past
In 1958 , he was elevated to the priesthood .	Past
In 1962 , Pope Cyril VI summoned Fr .	Past
He was consecrated on 14 November 1971 .	Past
Within Egypt , he struggled for the welfare of his people and the Church .	Past
He devoted his writings , teachings and actions to spreading and propagating guidelines for understanding , peace , dialogue and forgiveness .	Past
In 1943 , Nazir enrolled in Cairo University ( then called the University of King Fouad I ) studying towards a Bachelor of Arts ( B .	Past
On 31 August 1958 , he was ordained as priest by the Late Bishop Theophilus , then abbot of St Mary Monastery ( Syrian Monastery ) .	Past
Under Bishop Shenouda 's leadership , the number of students at the Coptic Orthodox Theological Seminary tripled .	Past
Bishop Shenouda was suspended in 1966 by Pope Cyril VI , essentially because of " campaigns for change " instigated by Shenouda and his students .	Past
This conflict between Pope Cyril VI and Bishop Shenouda was later resolved .	Past
Ten years into his papacy , in 1981 , Pope Shenouda III had famously fallen out with President Anwar Sadat of Egypt .	Past
His stance toward Israel was encapsulated by his words :	Past
In 2006 , the Holy Synod renewed the decree , urging Copts not to visit the Christian holy places in Israel , including Jerusalem .	Past
Fourth , they are committing a wrongful act not approved by religion .	Pres
A large number of Muslims in Egypt unambiguously consider all non-Muslim religions as heresy .	Pres
Hundreds of Christian Coptic girls have been kidnapped and forcibly converted to Islam , as well as being victims of rape and forced marriage to Muslim men .	Past
These governments also restricted Christians from senior government , diplomatic , military , and educational positions , and there has been increasing discrimination in the private sector .	Past
Security agencies sporadically persecuted Muslim converts to Christianity .	Past
Formal ties between the Coptics Church and Ethiopia were then severed , although they remained in full communion .	Past
He regularly flew to the United States for medical treatment and , according to his doctor he " [ suffered ] from kidney disease and diabetes . "	Past
Its leader , Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , decreed three days of mourning for Christians working for state institutions .	Past
Based on the style of sculptural details , Domitian 's favored architect Rabirius , sometimes credited with the Colosseum , may have executed the arch .	Past
The soffit of the axial archway is deeply coffered with a relief of the apotheosis of Titus at the center .	Past
Both commemorate the joint triumph celebrated by Titus and his father Vespasian in the summer of 71 .	Pres
Winged Victory crowns him with a laurel wreath .	Pres
This contrasts with the panels of the Ara Pacis , where humans and divinities are separated .	Pres
The attic of the arch was originally crowned by more statuary , perhaps of a gilded chariot .	Past
The inscription in Roman square capitals reads :	Pres
had weakened from age : < br >	Past
Until 2010 the building also housed the Central Criminal Court ; this is now located in the Criminal Courts of Justice .	Past
This provoked a week of fighting in Dublin .	Past
The west wing of the building was obliterated in a huge explosion , destroying the Irish Public Record Office at the rear of the building .	Past
They suggest that the explosion was caused by the accidental detonation of their ammunition store during the fighting .	Pres
For a decade after the destruction of the Civil War , the courts sat in the old viceregal apartments in Dublin Castle .	Past
Two side wings were rebuilt further from the river to undo the problem caused by excessively narrow footpaths outside the building .	Past
The criminal division of the Court of Appeal also sits in the Criminal Courts of Justice .	Pres
Dieppe belongs to the Pays de Caux , lying along the Alabaster Coast in the region of Normandy .	Pres
The name has stuck to the town , although the name of the stream changed again , to Béthune .	Past
On July 23 , 1632 , 300 colonists heading to New France departed from Dieppe .	Past
It was rebuilt after 1696 in a typical French classical style by Ventabren , an architect , who gave it its unique feature for a sea port .	Past
It was popularised as a seaside resort following the 1824 visit of the widowed Duchess of Berry , daughter-in-law of Charles X .	Past
She encouraged the building of the recently renovated municipal theatre , the " Petit-Théâtre " ( 1825 ) , associated particularly with Camille Saint-Saëns .	Past
The destruction of the casino had only begun at the time of the Dieppe Raid .	Past
When the First Canadian Army approached at the end of August , the garrison withdrew , not desiring to enter into battle for the port .	Past
Dieppe was liberated on September 1 , 1944 , by soldiers from the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division .	Past
The base of the monument is inscribed with the words " " nous nous souvenons " " ( " we remember " ) .	Past
Above the monument , the Canadian Maple Leaf flag is flown side-by-side with that of France .	Past
Finally the bishops and Coptic community leaders assembled in the Church of St. Serguis and Bacchus in Cairo in order to choose possible candidates .	Past
The whole group assembled was impressed by the selection , and they unanimously decided to elect him .	Past
Immediately upon taking office , Abraham suppressed the practice of simony which had become a significant problem during the last several patriarchates .	Past
At this point a very small portion of the sun 's rays illuminate the sky and the fainter stars begin to disappear .	Pres
Astronomical dawn marks the beginning of astronomical twilight , which lasts until nautical dawn .	Pres
Nautical dawn marks the start of nautical twilight , which lasts until civil dawn .	Pres
This moment marks the start of civil twilight , which lasts until sunrise .	Pres
Each stage of twilight ( civil , nautical , and astronomical ) lasts only 24 minutes .	Pres
This period of time with no sunset lengthens closer to the pole .	Pres
In some parts of India , both Usha and Pratyusha ( dusk ) are worshiped along with the Sun during the festival of Chhath .	Past
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1977 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1976 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1975 .	Pres
This article presents a list of the literary events and publications in 1974 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1973 .	Pres
Following his graduation , he clerked in a hardware store for two years , then worked as a traveling salesman from 1892 to 1897 .	Past
During World War I , Kresge experimented with raising the limit on prices in his stores to $ 1 .	Past
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1972 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1971 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1970 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1969 .	Pres
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1968 .	Pres
Yet the revival in the paper 's fortunes masked growing political disagreements between Garvin and Northcliffe .	Past
Politically the paper pursued an independent Conservative stance , which eventually brought Garvin into conflict with Waldorf 's more liberal son David Astor .	Past
In 1990 , Farzad Bazoft , a journalist for " The Observer " , was executed in Iraq on charges of spying .	Past
In 2003 , " The Observer " interviewed the Iraqi colonel who had arrested and interrogated Bazoft and who was convinced that Bazoft was not a spy .	Past
Editor Roger Alton stepped down at the end of 2007 and was replaced by his deputy , John Mulholland .	Past
In early 2010 , the paper was restyled .	Past
This material may be consulted by members of the public .	Past
The Newsroom also mounts temporary exhibitions and runs an educational program for schools .	Pres
The paper was banned in Egypt in February 2008 after reprinting cartoons allegedly insulting Mohammed .	Past
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1967 .	Pres
In a letter to subscribers , Will Ricketts , " Guardian Monthly " ' s publisher , explained the reasons for the cancellation of the monthly magazine :	Past
In January 2014 , GMG disposed of its remaining interest in Trader Media Group .	Past
The original American series is illustrated by Salvatore Murdocca , although other illustrators have been used for foreign-language editions .	Past
During " Super Edition # 1 " , Teddy sends them on a mission instead of Morgan or Merlin .	Pres
The companion " Magic Tree House Fact Trackers " are co-written by Mary Pope Osborne with her husband Will Osborne or her sister Natalie Pope Boyce .	Past
Then she switched over to them being sent on missions by Merlin .	Past
About 10 years later , in 2015 , she switched back to writing only the books with Morgan sending them on missions .	Past
Jack often wants to read about a place and time and absorb as much information as he can before embarking on their adventure .	Pres
He also reveals in Civil War On Sunday # 21 that he thinks war is kind of cool until the end .	Pres
In Book 4 , she transforms from a green parrot into human form .	Pres
She also wears a seaweed dress .	Pres
Kathleen is also talented in magic spells .	Past
Nunavik ( ) comprises the northern third of the province of Quebec , Canada in Kativik , part of the Nord-du-Québec region .	Pres
Nunavik shares a border with the Côte-Nord region of Quebec and the Labrador region of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .	Pres
Nunavik has fourteen villages , the vast majority of whose residents are Inuit .	Past
Since this moderation exists in summer when the surrounding sea thaws , even those temperatures are subdued .	Pres
It is linked by all-weather roads to an airstrip at Kattiniq / Donaldson Airport and to the concentrate , storage and ship-loading facilities at Deception Bay .	Past
The villages of Nunavik are populated predominately by Inuit .	Past
The Makivik Corporation , headquartered in Kuujjuaq , represents the Inuit of Northern Quebec in their relations with the governments of Quebec and Canada .	Past
The governments of Quebec and Canada and Nunavik had negotiated a proposal to establish a Regional Government of Nunavik .	Past
Dynamical systems in the physical world tend to arise from dissipative systems : if it were not for some driving force , the motion would cease .	Pres
The dissipation and the driving force tend to balance , killing off initial transients and settle the system into its typical behavior .	Pres
Exponential divergence of trajectories complicates detailed predictions , but the world is knowable due to the existence of robust attractors .	Pres
Similar features apply to linear differential equations .	Pres
Some speculated that it may have been triggered by lively dancing at the party .	Past
The school was rebuilt on the new , safer location and renamed to Ulluriaq School .	Past
She has since traveled extensively in the states and throughout the world , visiting schools and speaking on issues related to reading and books .	Past
For a while , she camped out in a cave on the island of Crete .	Past
Experience was gathered that serves as a reference point every day of my life .	Past
I encountered worlds of light and worlds of darkness--and planted seeds of the imagination that led directly to my being an author of children 's books . "	Past
The books are cited for their ability to interest students in history and Osborne ’ s usage of vocabulary encourages young readers to learn new words .	Past
Osborne hoped that it would have the same kind of kid and adult appeal as The Lion King or Mary Poppins .	Past
They crewed the rescue truck Squad 51 and , in addition to providing medical care , also carried out some technical rescues such as vehicle extrication .	Past
Lopez spoke Spanish , and occasionally translated for the crew when a victim or onlooker spoke Spanish but no English .	Past
The call prompts the crew to immediately stop their routine and respond with organized precision .	Pres
When an event has ended , the crew return to Station 51 and resume their routines until another call is dispatched .	Past
Each episode typically climaxes with a major fire , disaster or rescue that often has multiple units engaged .	Pres
The vehicles based at Station 60 were accordingly renumbered .	Past
A plaque honoring Robert A. Cinader is now mounted on the station next to the office front door .	Past
Despite being " kicked out " of their own station for filming , Truck 127 still appeared in numerous episodes under its own callsign .	Past
This light was supposed to differentiate paramedic units from regular rescue units .	Past
In 1999 , LACoFD donated the Universal-built squad to the Los Angeles County Fire Museum , which restored it and put it on display .	Past
Damaged beyond repair in the collision , it was salvaged for parts and sold as scrap .	Past
Records indicate this model was not sold in the US .	Pres
Many items of the equipment were donated to the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History in May 2000 .	Past
Writing in the " University of Baltimore Law Review " in 2007 , Paul Bergman argued that " Emergency ! "	Past
encouraged the growth of EMS .	Past
On a federal level , the 1974 Emergency Medical Services Systems Act was enacted to encourage the trend .	Past
was a third-generation spin-off , having been spawned from " Adam-12 , " which itself was spun off from Jack Webb 's " Dragnet " .	Past
When Dr. Quincy later visits Station 44 to question the paramedics concerning the patient 's death , stock footage of the exterior of Station 51 is used .	Pres
A Coast Guard helicopter helps firefighters with rooftop evacuations .	Pres
A pier at the Embarcadero catches on fire .	Pres
The series was first syndicated in 1976 , after the fifth season .	Past
In 2017 / 2018 , Universal re-released the first two seasons on DVD in new single sided disc collections .	Past
Coogan was tutored until the age of 10 , when he entered Urban Military Academy and other prep schools .	Past
She insisted , " No promises were ever made to give Jackie anything " , and claimed he " was a bad boy " .	Past
Coogan sued them in 1938 , but after his legal expenses , he received just $ 126,000 of the $ 250,000 remaining of his earnings .	Past
When he fell on hard times and asked Charlie Chaplin for assistance , Chaplin handed him $ 1,000 without hesitating .	Past
He was honored by officials in the United States , Greece , and Rome , where he had an audience with Pope Pius XI .	Past
Coogan enlisted in the U.S. Army in March 1941 .	Past
He guest-starred on NBC 's " The Martha Raye Show " .	Past
In 1961 , he guest-starred in an episode of " The Americans " , an NBC series about family divisions stemming from the Civil War .	Past
His first three marriages to actresses were short-lived .	Past
They eventually enlisted composer and jazz bebop legend Bob Dorough who solely composed all the " Multiplication Rock " tunes .	Past
Tom Yohe listened to the first song , and began to doodle pictures to go with the lyrics .	Past
Newall and Yohe , along with agency account executive Radford Stone pitched their idea to Michael Eisner , then vice-president of ABC 's children 's programming division .	Past
It was deemed the largest attendance to date of the venue .	Past
This segment introduces Jack Sheldon and Lynn Ahrens as series regulars .	Pres
A variety of bands working with Rhino Records were furnished with newly minted School House Rock T-shirts for the music videos youth market .	Past
The Convention aims to promote and achieve sustainable development in the Alpine Arc .	Pres
This causes very sheltered conditions from cool winds during daytime , ensuring much warmer temperatures year-round than in similar valley cities north of the range .	Past
This gradually eliminated the influence and power previously held by the bishops of Trent over the next few decades .	Past
From the 14th and 15th centuries onwards , a large market fair was organised four times per year to greet tradesmen and merchants en-route the Brenner Pass .	Past
Any reference to and use of the words Tyrol and Tyrolean were banned by law and were punishable offences .	Past
Heavy industry ( machinery , automotive , and steel ) installed during the 1930s has now been mostly dismantled .	Past
This statute preserves the rights of the German-speaking minority in Italy .	Pres
This unique system was admired by the Dalai Lama , who visited the city on several occasions to study a possible application in Tibet .	Past
The tradeshows and conferences of the exhibition are concentrated on topics relating to the economies of Alpine countries .	Past
Even machines can be tested in this simulator .	Past
The Organization for Applied Research seeks to help small and medium-sized enterprises in the region through charitable research .	Pres
All mayors within this list belong to the Italian language group .	Pres
Bolzano organizes the following events every year :	Pres
Since 1966 a cable car connects the centre of Bolzano with Soprabolzano and the community of Ritten .	Pres
Following Costanza 's death in 1394 , John wed his mistress , Katherine , who was Philippa 's sister .	Past
It has been speculated that " one or two " of these children were actually fathered by John of Gaunt .	Past
This is evidenced by Chaucer 's last recorded overseas journey , which was in the same year .	Past
These passionate songs reflect the landscapes of the Auvergne in lush orchestral colors and have enabled French folklore and rustic melodies to become better known .	Pres
Each of those denominations consider their patriarch as the successor to the original early bishops of Alexandria .	Pres
French composers of the 17th century experimented with the allemande , shifting to quadruple meter and ranging more widely in tempo .	Past
Its music is characterised by absence of syncopation , combination of short motifs into larger units and contrasts of tone and motif .	Past
This resolved the problem of the ultraviolet catastrophe predicted by classical physics .	Past
For example , at room temperature ( ~ ) , a body emits thermal radiation that is mostly infrared and invisible .	Pres
The surface of the sun ( ~ ) emits large amounts of both infrared and ultraviolet radiation ; its emission is peaked in the visible spectrum .	Pres
Planck 's law can be encountered in several forms depending on the conventions and preferences of different scientific fields .	Past
The various forms of the law for spectral radiance are summarized in the table below .	Past
Evidently , the location of the peak of the spectral distribution for Planck 's law depends on the choice of spectral variable .	Pres
Using the radiation constants , the " Wavelength " variant of Planck ’ s law can be simplified to	Past
and the " wavenumber " variant can be simplified correspondingly .	Past
Its physics is most easily understood by considering the radiation in a cavity with rigid opaque walls .	Past
For matter not enclosed in such a cavity , thermal radiation can be approximately explained by appropriate use of Planck 's law .	Past
Photons are viewed as the carriers of the electromagnetic interaction between electrically charged elementary particles .	Past
Photon numbers are not conserved .	Past
Radiative heat transfer can be filtered to pass only a definite band of radiative frequencies .	Past
It may be inferred that for a temperature common to the two bodies , the values of the spectral radiances in the pass-band must also be common .	Past
He postulated an ideal black body that interfaced with its surrounds in just such a way as to absorb all the radiation that falls on it .	Past
The body emits its own thermal radiation .	Pres
Kirchhoff pointed out that it follows that in thermodynamic equilibrium , when ,	Past
Kirchhoff pointed out that he did not know the precise character of , but he thought it important that it should be found out .	Past
Though perfectly black materials do not exist , in practice a black surface can be accurately approximated .	Past
A perfectly black interface reflects no radiation , but transmits all that falls on it , from either side .	Pres
A black body absorbs all and reflects none of the electromagnetic radiation incident upon it .	Pres
Thus Lambert 's cosine law expresses the independence of direction of the spectral radiance of the surface of a black body in thermodynamic equilibrium .	Pres
Combining the above two equations with the requirement that they be valid at any temperature yields two relationships between the Einstein coefficients :	Pres
This factor shifts the peak of the distribution to higher energies .	Past
The radiance increases as the square of the frequency , illustrating the ultraviolet catastrophe .	Pres
Expressed in micrometers this puts 98 % of the Sun 's radiation in the range from 0.251 to 3.961 µm .	Past
The atmosphere shifts these percentages substantially in favor of visible light as it absorbs most of the ultraviolet and significant amounts of infrared .	Pres
The quantum number can be interpreted as the number of photons in the mode .	Past
To calculate the density of states we rewrite equation ( 1 ) as follows :	Pres
Stewart measured radiated power with a thermo-pile and sensitive galvanometer read with a microscope .	Past
Also here the wavelength-specific emitting power of the body at temperature is denoted by and the wavelength-specific absorption ratio by .	Past
They correspond to Balfour Stewart 's reference bodies , with internal radiation , coated with lamp-black .	Pres
He argued that the flows of heat radiation must be the same in each case .	Past
( Geometrical factors , taken into detailed account by Kirchhoff , have been ignored in the foregoing . )	Past
He supposed that like other functions that do not depend on the properties of individual bodies , it would be a simple function .	Past
At this time , Planck was not studying radiation closely , and believed in neither atoms nor statistical physics .	Pres
where denotes specific radiative intensity at wavelength and temperature , and where and are empirical constants .	Pres
Planck perhaps patched together these two heuristic formulas , for long and for short wavelengths , to produce a formula	Past
His thinking revolved around entropy rather than being directly about temperature .	Past
In 1906 , Planck acknowledged that his imaginary resonators , having linear dynamics , did not provide a physical explanation for energy transduction between frequencies .	Past
Thus Einstein was contradicting the undulatory theory of light held by Planck .	Pres
Still in 1908 , considering Einstein 's proposal of quantal propagation , Planck opined that such a revolutionary step was perhaps unnecessary .	Past
In the second edition of his monograph , in 1912 , Planck sustained his dissent from Einstein 's proposal of light quanta .	Past
The symbol denotes the frequency of a quantum of radiation that can be emitted or absorbed as the atom passes between those two quantum states .	Pres
The actual word ' photon ' was invented still later , by G.N .	Past
Nicknamed " Betty " as a child , she was pressured by her mother — a stubborn and materialistic woman — to become a performer .	Past
A 12-year-old Grable and her mother traveled to Hollywood in 1929 , shortly after the infamous stock market crash , hoping to achieve stardom .	Past
Paramount lent her to 20th Century-Fox to co-star in the adolescent comedy " Pigskin Parade " ( 1936 ) , which first exposed Grable to the public .	Past
Directed by H. Bruce Humberstone , the movie was a traditional black-and-white film noir , containing a combination of suspense and romance .	Past
Grable 's performance was favorably reviewed by most critics , and the film enjoyed reasonable financial success .	Past
In 1943 , she collaborated with photographer Frank Powolny for a regular studio photo session .	Past
Grable 's success as a pin-up girl furthered her career as a mainstream movie star .	Past
She preferred to star in up-beat and outlandish musicals , many of which followed the generic boy-meets-girl story tack .	Past
Zanuck relented to Grable 's own request not to tamper with her successful screen formula .	Past
As a result , the studio prepared a film called " Pin Up Girl " for her .	Past
" Pin Up Girl " co-starred comedians Martha Raye and Joe E. Brown and was released in April 1944 to overwhelming success at the box office .	Past
Critics , though , were not as accepting of the film .	Pres
Though the film earned more than $ 3 million at the box office , it struggled to make a profit because of its high production costs .	Past
Although the press hinted that a tense behind-the-scenes rivalry existed between the two actresses , they both denied it , claiming to be good friends .	Past
Without Grable 's movies , which generated large profits , the studio struggled to stay afloat .	Past
In 1949 , although she still placed in the top ten , she slipped from second to seventh place in popularity .	Past
She requested an upped salary and the option to make only those films she wanted to make .	Past
During production , Grable and Monroe were rumored wrongly as not getting along .	Past
It enjoyed reasonable success at the box office , particularly overseas .	Past
She opted to play the role of Miss Adelaide , but was passed over in favor of Vivian Blaine , who had played the role on Broadway .	Past
" I Had the Craziest Dream " , the ballad from " Springtime in the Rockies " , was played on the church organ .	Past
She was entombed at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood , California .	Past
She was inducted into the Hall of Famous Missourians .	Past
Bell and Stroud reprised their respective roles , and this lineup recorded the band 's seventh studio album titled " Mechanize " ( 2010 ) .	Past
Later , they shortened the name to just “ Fear Factory ” .	Past
The released album favored a straight-up approach and Robinson 's distinct drum sound .	Past
This was reflected in the first album " Archetype " ( 2004 ) , which was released following the band 's re-formation .	Past
To promote the album , Fear Factory embarked on extensive U.S. tours with Biohazard , Sepultura , and Sick Of It All .	Past
Many fans consider Rhys Fulber 's involvement with the band integral to this dimension of their sound .	Pres
The printed story parts link the lyrics of the songs together thematically .	Pres
Few weeks before its release , they were touring in Europe with One Minute Silence .	Pres
Herrera and Olde Wolbers reunited later in 2002 and laid the foundations for the return of Fear Factory .	Past
Bell was approached with their demo recordings and was impressed enough to rejoin the band and Fear Factory was re-formed .	Past
Olde Wolbers switched to guitar and Byron Stroud of Strapping Young Lad was approached to join the band as a bassist .	Past
The album garnered highly polarized reviews ; some critics hailed the album as diverse and progressive , and other reviewers did not receive the record very well .	Past
Rather than begin work on a new studio album , the band members briefly parted and began working with other projects .	Past
In June 2009 , Wolbers and Herrera spoke about the issue on the radio program " Speed Freaks " .	Past
They never communicated with us about it " , said Herrera .	Past
Bell and Cazares later spoke about their reasons for excluding Herrera and Wolbers .	Past
Herrera and Wolbers threatened to sign a new record deal without Bell , prompting him to form a new version of Fear Factory without them .	Past
However , the show was canceled " at the last minute " , apparently because of the legal complications referenced by Herrera .	Past
In August 2010 , the band headlined the Brutal Assault open air festival in Czech Republic .	Past
In September 2010 , Fear Factory toured Australia , New Zealand , and Tokyo as the opening act for Metallica .	Past
The album was again co-produced by the band with Rhys Fulber and mixed by Greg Reely .	Past
They toured in European festivals in July 2015 , and then onto North America , as an opening act for Coal Chamber .	Past
The situation of an arsenal should be governed by strategic considerations .	Past
The branches in a great arsenal are usually subdivided into " storekeeping " , " construction " and " administration " .	Past
Dixon sailed to Norway in 1769 with William Bayly to observe another transit of Venus .	Past
Following their return to England in July , Dixon resumed his work as a surveyor in Durham .	Past
An exhibition about the life and work of Jeremiah Dixon was mounted at the Bowes Museum in Barnard Castle in England in 2013 .	Past
He writes that " people with friends at work are happier at work . "	Pres
Community engagement has been proven to counteract the most negative attributes of poverty and a high amount of social capital has been shown to reduce crime .	Past
All groups opposed by the author , such as Jews , non-whites , " liberal actors " and politicians are exterminated .	Past
is instituted via race war and genocides against non-whites , the perceived enemies of the ( white ) nation .	Past
Later , Turner 's hideout is raided by law enforcement .	Past
During an ensuing gun battle with authorities , everyone in the unit manages to escape but Turner is captured after nearly being killed .	Pres
He is tortured to force the release of information , but resists .	Past
The interrogators fail to extract the most valuable information .	Pres
The diaries pick up two years after , when the military prison is raided by other Organization members and Turner is set free .	Pres
During this time , the Organization raids a black sanctuary and discovers a cannibalism operation where blacks kidnap , butcher , and eat whites .	Pres
Africa was invaded and all of its black inhabitants were killed .	Past
The Puerto Ricans ( described as a " repulsive mongrel race " ) were exterminated and Puerto Rico was re-colonized by whites .	Past
" The Turner Diaries " was first serialized in the mid 1970s in the National Alliance 's tabloid paper , " Attack ! "	Past
Clarke insisted on keeping Pete McClanahan as his bass player , and recruited guitarist John Ricco and former Killing Joke drummer Paul Ferguson .	Past
Rivadavia speculated that the nihilism of " Nevermind " may have resonated more with Generation X .	Past
The ploy seemed to work , and by early 1994 Warrior Soul were dropped by Geffen .	Past
A number of lineup changes ensued .	Past
Not long after , Mark Evans and Chris Moffet departed .	Past
While touring in support of the album , Warrior Soul headlined the 1995 Kerrang !	Past
The first three albums were also re-released on vinyl in 2009 .	Past
Drummer Mark Evans was murdered in London , UK in 2005 .	Past
The band embarked on a month-long European tour in November 2012 , followed by a brief tour through the Eastern United States in December .	Past
The castle of Altenburg already existed in the 10th century , it became an imperial seat .	Past
At this time most of the forests were cleared .	Past
Their 1997 follow-up " Built to Last " was also highly acclaimed .	Past
Them , " " Busted " and " Good Lookin ' Out . "	Past
The band toured with AFI and The Dear & Departed in early 2007 .	Past
They also toured the UK with AFI and Dear & Departed in April 2010 .	Past
By December 2016 , Sick of It All had begun working on their twelfth studio album , " Wake the Sleeping Dragon !	Past
Based on the ancient agricultural methods of Maya peoples and other Mesoamerican people , " milpa " agriculture produces maize , beans , and squash .	Past
It involves complex interactions and relationships between farmers , as well as distinct personal relationships with both the crops and land .	Pres
Milpitas , California derives its name from the Nahuatl term " milpa " followed by the Spanish feminine diminutive plural suffix " -itas " .	Pres
In metaphysical philosophy , the concept of autonomy is referenced in discussions about free will , fatalism , determinism , and agency .	Past
He breaks down autonomy into two distinct components .	Pres
Kant argued that morality presupposes this autonomy ( ) in moral agents , since moral requirements are expressed in categorical imperatives .	Past
The Kantian concept of autonomy is often misconstrued , leaving out the important point about the autonomous agent 's self-subjection to the moral law .	Past
This can be interpreted as influenced by Kant ( self-respect ) and Aristotle ( self-love ) .	Past
Because Nietzsche defines having a sense of freedom with being responsible for one 's own life , freedom and self-responsibility can be very much linked to autonomy .	Past
Duties provided are conceived as given from oneself .	Past
Duties provided are conceived as given from the outside .	Past
Kohlberg asks these adolescent and teenage boys ( 10- , 13- and 16-year-olds ) if they think that is what the husband should have done or not .	Pres
In Christianity , autonomy is manifested as a partial self-governance on various levels of church administration .	Past
, the Catholic Church comprises 24 autonomous ( " sui iuris " ) Churches in communion with the Holy See .	Pres
Sartre brings the notion of the Cartesian god being totally free and autonomous .	Pres
This pure freedom of god relates to human freedom and autonomy ; where a human is not subjected to pre-existing ideas and values .	Pres
According to the first amendment , In the United States of America , the federal government is restricted in building a national church .	Past
This is due to the first amendment 's recognizing people 's freedom 's to worship their faith according to their own belief 's .	Pres
In the twentieth century , due to the great depression of the 1930s and the completion of the second world war , the American churches were revived .	Past
The move to emphasize respect for patient 's autonomy rose from the vulnerabilities that were pointed out in regards to autonomy .	Past
Onora O 'Neill has ascribed this lack of trust to medical institutions and professionals introducing measures that benefit themselves , not the patient .	Past
Furthermore , Humphreys asserts that nurses should have professional autonomy within their scope of practice ( 35-37 ) .	Pres
These were interspersed with escort duties , patrols , and refits .	Past
Four days later , she sailed for the United States , and arrived in Boston on 17 October .	Past
" New Mexico " was decommissioned in Boston on 19 July 1946 , and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 25 February 1947 .	Past
She displaced as designed and up to at full combat load .	Past
Her crew numbered 1,084 officers and enlisted men .	Past
As built , she was fitted with two lattice masts with spotting tops for the main gun battery .	Past
The secondary battery was augmented with four / 50 caliber guns .	Past
On 30 June 1914 , " New Mexico " was authorized by the United States Congress .	Past
She escorted the passenger ship as she carried President Woodrow Wilson to France for the Versailles Peace Conference , departing the United States on 15 January 1919 .	Past
Invented by the Russian-American engineer Nicolas Minorsky for the automated steering of ships , the devices have since become widespread in control engineering .	Past
After the overhaul , which was completed on 1 August , she departed San Francisco to Hawaii to prepare for action .	Past
From 6 December to 22 March 1943 , she escorted convoys and transports to the Fiji Islands .	Past
After that , she patrolled the southwestern Pacific , before returning to Pearl Harbor to get ready for the Aleutian Islands Campaign .	Past
After her training , on 17 May , she steamed to Adak , which would be her base for the attack on Attu .	Past
After the Aleutian Islands Campaign , a refit was undertaken at the Puget Sound Navy Yard .	Past
On 20 November , while the invasion was under way , she shelled Makin Atoll .	Past
Later , on 20 June , she escorted transports off the Mariana Islands .	Past
Later , she escorted troop transports to the naval base of Eniwetok .	Past
On 9 July , she sailed to guard escort carriers until 12 July .	Past
She dealt with daily air attacks , as the Japanese put up heavy resistance to the liberation of the Philippines .	Past
She departed Leyte Gulf on 2 December to the Palaus , where she later joined a Mindoro-bound convoy .	Past
On 28 May , she departed for repairs at Leyte , followed by rehearsals for the planned invasion of the Japan .	Past
The next day she sailed for Okinawa to join the occupation force .	Past
She departed Tokyo Bay on 6 September , passing Okinawa , Hawaii , and the Panama Canal , before arriving at Boston on 17 October .	Past
" New Mexico " was decommissioned in Boston on 19 July 1946 , and was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 25 February 1947 .	Past
In early November 1947 " New Mexico " departed Boston , towed by two tugs .	Past
" New Mexico " then drifted as a derelict until spotted by a Coast Guard plane the next day , 35 miles off the coast .	Past
Newark was implementing a beautification plan for the waterfront , and had allocated $ 70 million for improvements .	Pres
Two ship 's bells from the battleship were donated to the state of New Mexico .	Past
" Paramecia " are widespread in freshwater , brackish , and marine environments and are often very abundant in stagnant basins and ponds .	Past
" Paramecia " were among the first ciliates to be seen by microscopists , in the late 17th century .	Pres
Nearly all species have closely spaced spindle-shaped trichocysts embedded deeply in the cellular envelope ( cortex ) that surrounds the organism .	Past
This is lined with inconspicuous cilia which beat continuously , drawing food inside the cell .	Past
A " Paramecium " propels itself by whiplash movements of the cilia , which are arranged in tightly spaced rows around the outside of the body .	Pres
If it runs into the solid object again , it repeats this process , until it can get past the object .	Pres
It has been calculated that a " Paramecium " expends more than half of its energy in propelling itself through the water .	Past
When the vacuole , with its fully digested contents , reaches the anal pore , it ruptures , expelling its waste contents to the environment .	Pres
The genome of the species " Paramecium tetraurelia " has been sequenced , providing evidence for three whole-genome duplications .	Past
This experiment has been cited as a possible instance of cell memory , or epigenetic learning in organisms with no nervous system .	Past
The macronucleus controls non-reproductive cell functions , expressing the genes needed for daily functioning .	Pres
The cell then divides transversally , and each new cell obtains a copy of the micronucleus and the macronucleus .	Pres
Autogamy or conjugation can be induced by shortage of food at certain points in the " Paramecium " life cycle .	Past
The basis for clonal aging was clarified by transplantation experiments of Aufderheide .	Past
These experiments indicated that the macronucleus , rather than the cytoplasm , is responsible for clonal aging .	Past
Monazite sand from Brazil was first noticed in sand carried in ship 's ballast by Carl Auer von Welsbach in the 1880s .	Past
Monazite sand was also briefly mined in North Carolina , but , shortly thereafter , extensive deposits in southern India were found .	Past
Because of their high density , monazite minerals concentrate in alluvial sands when released by the weathering of pegmatites .	Pres
Monazite can be isolated as a nearly pure concentrate by the use of gravity , magnetic , and electrostatic separation .	Past
Europium concentrations tend to be low , about 0.05 % .	Pres
Very low concentrations of the heaviest lanthanides in monazite justified the term " rare " earth for these elements , with prices to match .	Past
Parisite could be viewed as a formula unit of calcite ( CaCO ) added to two formula units of bastnäsite .	Past
This discovery alerted geologists to the existence of a whole new class of rare earth deposit : the rare earth containing carbonatite .	Past
In December 1897 , Spee was stationed in Germany 's East Asia Squadron after it seized the concession at Kiautschou Bay , with its port at Tsingtao .	Past
The two armored cruisers proceeded to Nagasaki , Japan , where they coaled in preparation for their tour .	Past
The four cruisers , accompanied by " Prinz Eitel Friedrich " and several colliers , then departed the central Pacific , bound for Chile .	Past
" Scharnhorst " and " Gneisenau " sailed to Apia to investigate the situation .	Past
The German ships would meanwhile be obscured against the Chilean coast , making the task of the British gunners more difficult .	Past
Spee then withdrew his two armored cruisers and sent in his light cruisers to finish off " Monmouth " and " Good Hope " .	Past
Spee had inflicted the first defeat on a Royal Navy squadron since the Napoleonic Wars a century earlier .	Past
Spee deftly maneuvered his ships , taking the leeward position ; the wind kept his ships swept of smoke , which improved visibility for his gunners .	Past
" Scharnhorst " straddled " Invincible " with her third salvo and quickly scored two hits on the British battlecruiser .	Past
Spee counteracted this maneuver by turning rapidly to the south , which forced Sturdee to turn south as well to keep within range .	Past
At 16 : 17 , " Scharnhorst " capsized and sank , taking her entire crew with her , including Spee .	Past
In December 1939 , " Admiral Graf Spee " was scuttled by her crew after the Battle of the River Plate off the coast of Uruguay .	Past
Around 18 % of all land drains to endorheic lakes or seas or sinks .	Pres
The isohyetal method involves contours of equal precipitation are drawn over the gauges on a map .	Pres
Species of Chytridiomycota have traditionally been delineated and classified based on development , morphology , substrate , and method of zoospore discharge .	Past
Some algal parasites practice oogamy : a motile male gamete attaches itself to a nonmotile structure containing the female gamete .	Pres
Both nuclei migrate out of the zoosporangium and into the conjoined rhizoids where they fuse .	Pres
The resulting zygote germinates into a resting spore .	Pres
Operculate discharge involves the complete or incomplete detachment of a lid-like structure , called an operculum , allowing the zoospores out of the sporangium .	Pres
However , recent taxonomic work has demonstrated that this ubiquitous and cosmopolitan morphospecies hide cryptic diversity at the genetic and ultrastructural levels .	Past
However , recent molecular inventories of lakes during the summer indicate that chytrids are an active , diverse part of the eukaryotic microbial community .	Pres
The chytrid " Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis " is responsible for chytridiomycosis , a disease of amphibians .	Pres
This colonization of pollen happens during the spring time when bodies of water accumulate pollen falling from trees and plants .	Pres
These fossils closely resemble the modern genus " Allomyces " .	Pres
In the story the species is modified using nuclear radiation , to increase the rate at which it feeds on oil .	Past
The endogenous or constitutive dormancy depends on characteristics of the spore itself ; for example , metabolic features .	Pres
In this type of dormancy , germination may be prevented even if the environmental conditions favor growth .	Past
A septum develops by gradual inward extension until it separates the terminal gametangia from the progametangial base .	Pres
Vesicles accumulate at the fusion septum at which time it begins to dissolve .	Pres
A little before the fusion septum completely dissolves , the primary outer wall begins to thicken .	Pres
Eventually the warts push through the primary wall and darken which is likely caused by melanin .	Pres
Type 2 is when some nuclei do not pair and degenerate instead , meiosis is delayed until germination .	Past
Most fungi have chitin as structural polysaccharide , while zygomycetes synthesize chitosan , the deacetylated homopolymer of chitin .	Past
The enzyme on the membrane catalyzes glycosidic bond formations from the nucleotide sugar substrate , uridine diphospho- " N " -acetyl-D-glucosamine .	Pres
The nascent polysaccharide chain is then cleaved by the enzyme chitin deacetylase .	Past
The enzyme catalyzes the hydrolytic cleavage of the " N " -acetamido group in chitin .	Pres
This work constituted the first demonstration of sex hormone activity in any fungus .	Past
Light regulation has been investigated in the zygomycetes " Phycomyces blakesleeanus " , " Mucor circinelloides " and " Pilobolus crystallinus " .	Past
Fungal phototropism has been investigated in detail using the fruiting body , sporangiophore , of " Phycomyces " as a model .	Past
The product of the gene crgA , which was found in Mucor suppresses the carotene formation by inhibiting the accumulation of carB and carRP mRNAs .	Pres
The zygomycete " P. blakesleeanus " builds two types of sproangiophores , the macrophores and the microphores which differ in size .	Pres
In contrast , the sexual development of Phycomyces is inhibited by light because of a specialized photoreceptor system .	Past
It is equally widespread in both kingdoms .	Past
The Zygomycota sporangiophores originate from specialized “ basal hyphae ” and pass through several distinctive developmental stages until the mature asexual spores are released .	Pres
These lipids are clustered in cellular structures , complex of lipid globules , about 0.1mm below the very tip of the apex .	Past
Zygospore formation may be stimulated at higher temperatures of incubation ( 30 – 40 ° C ) .	Past
Everything depends on the species and the media used .	Pres
It spreads over the surface of bread and other food sources , sending hyphae inward to absorb nutrients .	Pres
In its asexual phase it develops bulbous black sporangia at the tips of upright hyphae , each containing hundreds of haploid spores .	Pres
Zygosporangia are typically thick-walled , highly resilient to environmental hardships , and metabolically inert .	Past
When conditions improve , however , they germinate to produce a sporangium or vegetative hyphae .	Pres
Different mechanisms for forcible spore discharge have evolved among members of the zygomycete order Entomophthorales .	Past
The evolution of sporangiospores typical of zygomycetes to conidia similar to those found in ascomycetes can be modeled by a series of forms seen in zygomycetes .	Past
Some have evolved multiple small sporangiola that contain few sporangiospores .	Past
Once the two met , Cradock understood his orders were to fight to the end , despite the odds being heavily against him .	Past
The East Asiatic Squadron rendezvoused at Pagan Island in the Marianas in early August 1914 .	Past
preoccupied with fighting to keep his position as First Sea Lord in the face of widespread concern over the senior British Admiral being of German descent .	Past
A misunderstanding had arisen between Cradock and the Admiralty over how ships were to be assigned and used .	Past
On 22 October , Cradock cabled the Admiralty that he was going to round Cape Horn and was leaving " Canopus " behind to escort his colliers .	Past
" Glasgow " intercepted radio traffic from one of the German cruisers and informed Cradock , who turned his fleet north to intercept the cruiser .	Past
Neither side realised the other 's main force was nearby .	Past
One compartment of the ship was flooded but she could still manage .	Past
" Glasgow " and " Otranto " both escaped ( the former suffering five hits and five wounded men ) .	Past
Four shells had struck " Gneisenau " , one of which nearly flooded the officers ' wardroom .	Past
A shell from " Glasgow " struck her after turret and temporarily knocked it out .	Past
Once news of the defeat and reached the Admiralty a new naval force was assembled under Vice-Admiral Doveton Sturdee , including the battlecruisers and her sister-ship .	Past
" Otranto " steamed out into the Pacific Ocean before turning south and rounding Cape Horn .	Past
In 1989 a memorial to those who perished in the battle was erected in the " 21st May Square " at Coronel , Chile .	Past
On 1 November 1914 , " Scharnhorst " and the rest of the East Asia Squadron encountered and overpowered a British squadron at the Battle of Coronel .	Past
The ship displaced as designed and at deep load .	Past
She was powered by three triple-expansion steam engines with eighteen coal-fired water-tube boilers .	Past
Her engines were rated at , for a top speed of .	Past
She was also equipped with four submerged torpedo tubes .	Past
One was mounted in the bow , one on each broadside , and the fourth was placed in the stern .	Past
She then resumed her trials , which continued until the end of April .	Past
On 29 April , " Scharnhorst " rendezvoused with , the flagship of the East Asia Squadron , in Colombo .	Past
There , " Konteradmiral " Günther von Krosigk was waiting to take command of the squadron .	Pres
Two weeks later , the squadron was reinforced by the arrival of " Scharnhorst " s sister ship on 14 March .	Past
She cruised to Shanghai by way of Tientsin and Yantai , arriving on 12 December .	Past
On 4 December , Krosigk handed over command of the squadron to " Konteradmiral " Maximilian von Spee .	Past
" Gneisenau " rendezvoused with " Scharnhorst " in Nagasaki , Japan , where they received a full supply of coal .	Past
They then sailed south , arriving in Truk in early July where they would restock their coal supplies .	Past
The four cruisers , accompanied by " Prinz Eitel Friedrich " and several colliers , then departed the central Pacific , bound for Chile .	Past
" Scharnhorst " and " Gneisenau " sailed to Apia to investigate the situation .	Past
Fear of mines in the harbor prevented von Spee from seizing the coal in the harbor .	Past
After a week in the area , the ships departed for Chile .	Past
The flotilla was reinforced by the elderly pre-dreadnought battleship and the armored cruiser .	Past
Cradock realized the uselessness of " Otranto " in the line of battle and detached her .	Past
One of her shells struck " Scharnhorst " in the forecastle but failed to explode .	Past
" Good Hope " disappeared into the darkness .	Pres
A squall prevented the Germans from discovering " Monmouth " , but she eventually capsized and sank at 20 : 18 .	Past
However , the German ships had expended over 40 % of their ammunition supply .	Past
To this end , the powerful new battlecruisers and were detached from the Grand Fleet and placed under the command of Vice Admiral Doveton Sturdee .	Past
In the meantime , Spee 's ships departed St. Quentin Bay on 26 November and rounded Cape Horn on 2 December .	Past
Meanwhile , Sturdee detached his cruisers to pursue the German light cruisers .	Past
" Scharnhorst " straddled " Invincible " with her third salvo and quickly scored two hits on the British battlecruiser .	Past
Spee counteracted this maneuver by turning rapidly to the south , which forced Sturdee to turn south as well to keep within range .	Past
" Gneisenau " was briefly obscured by smoke , which led both battlecruisers to target " Scharnhorst " .	Past
As they travel to their next destination , Slartibartfast explains that he is trying to stop the robots from collecting all the components of the Wikkit Gate .	Pres
In his insanity , Agrajag brings the Cathedral down around them .	Pres
The characters discover that the true force behind the war has been the supercomputer Hactar .	Pres
Trillian and Arthur speak to Hactar in a virtual space that he creates for them to explain himself .	Past
However , when the Slo-Time envelope was activated , his control on the population waned .	Past
As he struggles to remain functional , Hactar apologizes to Trillian and Arthur for his actions before they leave for their ship .	Pres
It comprises two wards , Loyola to the west and Notre-Dame-de-Grace to the east .	Pres
On June 4 , 1910 , Notre-Dame-de-Grâce was annexed to the city of Montreal .	Past
As such , the community is characterized by several prominent boulevards where commercial activity is concentrated .	Past
This design element also traces its history back to the earliest urban design planning native to Canada .	Pres
The vintage and antique housing is generally well kept and the aesthetic of early 20th century first-ring suburb has been preserved .	Past
Monkland Village comprises a cluster of businesses on the eastern part of Monkland Avenue that was revitalized in the 1990s .	Pres
Several bridges connect both sides of the borough together for vehicles and pedestrians .	Past
Unfortunately , no one knows what the question is .	Pres
In 1689 he was apprenticed to Thomas Highmore ( 1660 – 1720 ) , a specialist in non-figurative decorative painting .	Past
The scheme of allegorical wall and ceiling decorations of the hall depicts the Protestant succession of English monarchs from William III and Mary II to George I .	Pres
The eight scenes in the dome ( 1716 – 19 ) , executed in grisaille , show episodes from the Life of St. Paul .	Past
On 2 May 1720 , the king knighted him , the first native artist to be knighted .	Past
On 10 October 1970 , Mott the Hoople and Bridget St John were showcased on BBC Two 's " Disco 2 " .	Past
Bowie also penned " All the Young Dudes " for them and it became their biggest hit .	Past
" Mott " climbed into the Top 10 of the UK Albums Chart , and became the band 's best seller to date in the US .	Past
In May 1973 , following Verden Allen 's departure , the band was augmented by two keyboard players .	Past
In 1974 , Mott the Hoople toured America with Ariel Bender playing lead guitar .	Past
In 2002 and 2004 , Ralphs toured with Hunter , as part of the latter 's backing band .	Past
Hope this makes up for it ! "	Pres
In fact , tracker notation is essentially TUBS rotated by 90 degrees .	Past
which is not as easily conveyed with the musical staff notation .	Past
Located about north of Downtown Houston , between Interstate 45 and Interstate 69 / U.S .	Past
The City of Houston annexed the Intercontinental Airport area in 1965 .	Past
By the late 1970s , Cayman Airways had begun nonstop flights between Grand Cayman in the Caribbean and Intercontinental with BAC One-Eleven jets .	Past
By July 1983 , the number of domestic and international air carriers serving Intercontinental had grown substantially .	Past
Continental 's successor United Airlines subsequently ceased non-stop service on the Houston-Lagos route .	Past
The Houston-Auckland non-stop route was then begun by Air New Zealand using a Boeing 777-200ER .	Past
Korean Air commenced non-stop flights from Seoul – Incheon to Houston on May 2 , 2014 .	Past
Service was terminated in October 2017 in response to its Star Alliance Asian airlines codesharing out of Terminal D .	Past
The service was flown with a Boeing BBJ operated by PrivatAir .	Past
Spirit has reallocated those flights with new routes to Seattle , Newark and Pittsburgh .	Past
This marks the first time non-stop flights are being operated between Taipei and any airport in Texas .	Pres
The route would be flown by the Boeing 777-300ER , China Eastern 's only aircraft capable of the flight .	Past
The airline is waiting until it can get final regulatory approval from the US DOT before they can make an official announcement for the route .	Pres
Additionally , it surpasses Emirates ' Dubai route as the longest flight at IAH .	Pres
The airline is replacing its Los Angeles gateway for Houston .	Pres
However , in the late-1990s and early-2000s , the North and South Concourses were rebuilt into linear facilities to provide a smoother operation within the terminal .	Past
The corridor leading to Terminal A displays Leamon Green 's " Passing Through , " a etched glass wall depicting airport travelers .	Pres
The elevators in Terminal B are cased in stainless steel accordion shaped structures designed by Rachel Hecker .	Past
The sculpture was relocated to the airport outside E Terminal after the meetings , from its original location in front of the George R. Brown Convention Center .	Past
The columns lean at a ten-degree angle toward a central point that represents Houston .	Pres
Construction of a new pier at Terminal D , capable of handling six additional wide body aircraft , was slated for completion in 2016 .	Past
The long-term plans call for the unit terminals to be demolished and the North and South Concourses to be linked midway .	Pres
Soon after , the facilities in the North and South Concourses will be linked to form two long continuous facilities .	Past
As a player , Lambeau lined up as a halfback , which in the early years of the NFL was the premier position .	Past
He shares the distinction with rival George Halas of the Chicago Bears of coaching his team to the most NFL championships .	Pres
Lambeau also coached eight players who went on to be elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame .	Past
That fall , the founders secured Willard " Big Bill " Ryan , former coach of Green Bay West High School , to coach the team .	Past
Lambeau threw 24 touchdown passes , rushed for eight touchdowns , and caught three touchdowns in 77 games .	Past
Herber and Hutson pioneered the passing game , which allowed the Packers to dominate their competitors throughout the 1930s .	Past
In addition , the Packers had begun noticeably slipping on the field after Hutson 's retirement in 1945 .	Past
The Packers were also suffering financially , mainly due to the Rockwood Lodge purchase .	Pres
Team officials responded by offering him a revised contract that stripped him of nearly all control over non-football matters .	Past
The insurance money relieved the Packers ' financial woes at one stroke , and ensured they would stay in Green Bay .	Past
During the 2003 renovation , the Packers erected a statue of Lambeau in front of the new Atrium entrance .	Past
For his contributions to football and athletics , Lambeau has been honored by multiple organizations .	Past
The sales tax expired on September 30 , 2015 .	Past
The sparks from the cutting landed inside a wall and ignited the foam insulation .	Past
The area was temporarily evacuated and a minor back injury to one of the responding firefighters was reported .	Past
The fire happened on Aaron Rodgers Day , a day the state proclaimed in honor of the Packers quarterback because Rodgers wears No .	Past
Since 1970 , 157 Packers have been inducted into the Hall , which attracts over 170,000 visitors annually .	Past
As of the end of the 2017 season , the Packers have compiled a 231 – 120 – 5 regular season mark at Lambeau Field .	Past
The Packers playoff record at home as of the 2017 season is 17-5 .	Pres
The last remaining team with an undefeated record , the Houston Texans , was beaten by the Packers in Week 13 of the 2016 NFL season .	Past
He shares the distinction with rival George Halas of the Chicago Bears of coaching his team to the most NFL championships , with six .	Pres
Lambeau was inducted as a charter member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton , Ohio in 1963 .	Past
The stadium 's nickname was spawned by the Ice Bowl between the Packers and the Dallas Cowboys , played on December 31 , 1967 .	Past
The underground heating and drainage system was redone in 1997 , with a system of pipes filled with a solution including antifreeze replacing the electric coils .	Past
These video displays measure more than high by wide .	Pres
An artificial lighting system , based on technology used in Dutch rose-growing greenhouses , was tested in 2010 and purchased for use in the 2011 season .	Past
A. Tittle joked that the honor was for him , just that his name was misspelled .	Past
The Lambeau Leap was invented by safety LeRoy Butler , who scored after a Reggie White fumble recovery and lateral against the L.A .	Past
It was later popularized by wide receiver Robert Brooks .	Past
When the NFL banned excessive celebrations in 2000 , the Lambeau Leap was grandfathered into the new rules , permitting it to continue .	Past
The Packers intro music for when they are introduced before each game is " Get Ready for This " by 2 Unlimited .	Past
When built , Lambeau Field was also slated to be used by Green Bay 's public high schools , as old City Stadium had been .	Past
The Marquesas Islands lie above a submarine volcanic plateau of the same name .	Pres
The South Equatorial Current lashes the islands mercilessly , which has led to sea-caves dotting the islands ' shores .	Pres
Ethnological and linguistic evidence suggests that they likely migrated from the Western regions of Polynesia .	Pres
Europeans and Americans were impressed with how easy life appeared to be in the islands , which had a rich habitat and environment .	Past
The ' and his staff sit in Taiohae on Nuku Hiva , same as the State administrator .	Pres
The Marquesas Islands are subdivided in six communes ( municipalities ) .	Past
In each of the six communes the local residents elect a municipal council and a mayor in charge of managing local affairs within the commune .	Past
Three communes ( Nuku-Hiva , Ua-Pou , and Hiva-Oa ) are further subdivided into associated communes due to their larger population .	Past
Like other Polynesian languages , the phonology of Marquesan languages is characterised by a paucity of consonants and a comparative abundance of vowels .	Past
The ecosystem of the Marquesas has been devastated in some areas by the activities of feral livestock .	Past
The game was rereleased in the Player 's Choice range in 2003 .	Past
The Squirt nozzle lets Mario spray a stream of water which he can use to clean sludge , attack enemies , and activate certain mechanisms .	Pres
Yoshi can be ridden upon and can attack by spitting juice , which can clear certain obstacles that water cannot .	Past
Juice can be replenished by eating more fruit .	Past
The island is mainly inhabited by the races of the Piantas and Nokis .	Past
Shadow Mario wields a magic paintbrush that he uses to create the graffiti , including portals that lead to other parts of Isle Delfino .	Pres
There , Mario encounters Mecha Bowser , a gigantic Bowser robot that shoots Bullet Bills and is being controlled by Shadow Mario .	Pres
Mario defeats Mecha Bowser by firing water rockets at it while riding a roller coaster .	Pres
Mario defeats them by flipping over the hot tub , thus rescuing the princess but causing them to fall from the sky .	Pres
" Super Mario Sunshine " was critically acclaimed by game critics .	Past
GameSpot 's Jeff Gerstmann criticized the various additions , including FLUDD ( the water backpack ) and Yoshi , calling them " mere gimmicks . "	Past
He also complained about the camera system .	Past
It was re-released in 2003 as part of the Player 's Choice line , a selection of games with high sales sold for a reduced price .	Past
spaces earns the Happening Star .	Pres
The coins and stars earned in Adventure Mode are tallied up and transferred to a fund which the player can use to unlock things in the game .	Past
The player will then be challenged to a game of slot car derby .	Past
Grove Music Online translates the Italian title as " sonata in the manner of a fantasy " .	Pres
The title could also be interpreted to imply " ... as though improvised " .	Past
In 1832 , five years after Beethoven 's death , Rellstab likened the effect of the first movement to that of moonlight shining upon Lake Lucerne .	Past
Although no direct testimony exists as to the specific reasons why Beethoven decided to title both the Op .	Pres
Beethoven rebelled against this determinative quality in the first movement .	Past
The movement opens with an octave in the left hand and a triplet figuration in the right .	Pres
An effective performance of this movement demands lively and skillful playing , and is significantly more demanding technically than the 1st and 2nd movements .	Pres
Even today , two hundred years later , its ferocity is astonishing . "	Pres
Performers often hesitate to follow Beethoven 's direction , particularly when playing on a modern piano .	Pres
It manifests the key relationships of the sonata 's three movements , chord structures , and even shares some passages .	Pres
Understandably , she was much pursued but in 1677 , at the age of twelve , married Sir Thomas Grosvenor .	Past
In 1825 , Thomas Cubitt was contracted by Lord Grosvenor to develop Pimlico .	Past
Completed in 1937 , it quickly became popular with MPs and public servants .	Past
The PDHU once relied on waste heat from the now-disused Battersea Power Station on the South side of the River Thames .	Past
At the time of their construction the development was billed as the largest self-contained block of flats in Europe .	Past
Mail , freight and passengers were transported from the terminal to Southampton via rail before transferring to flying boats .	Past
It was demolished in 2010 .	Past
Long available as a 30-volume print set , the " Encyclopedia Americana " is now marketed as an online encyclopedia requiring a subscription .	Past
The relationship with " Scientific American " was terminated in 1911 .	Past
Sales during this period were accomplished primarily through mail-order and door-to-door operations .	Past
Hachette was later absorbed by the French conglomerate the Lagardère Group .	Past
Although the text and images were stored on separate disks , it was in keeping with standards current at the time .	Pres
More importantly , the work had been digitized , allowing for release of an online version in 1997 .	Past
Over the next few years the product was augmented with additional features , functions , supplementary references , Internet links , and current events journal .	Past
The new owners projected a 30 % increase in operating income , although historically Grolier had experienced earnings of 7 % to 8 % on income .	Past
It was better tolerated and , based on intention to treat analysis , performed better than the gold standard of OCD treatment clomipramine .	Past
The authors of the study argued that the improvement achieved with sertraline is different and of a better quality than the improvement achieved with placebo .	Past
Compared to other SSRIs , sertraline tends to be associated with a higher rate of psychiatric side effects and diarrhea .	Past
It tends to be more activating ( that is , associated with a higher rate of anxiety , agitation , insomnia , etc . )	Pres
More severe cases are often successfully treated by temporary reintroduction of the drug with a slower tapering off rate .	Past
Acute overdosage is often manifested by emesis , lethargy , ataxia , tachycardia and seizures .	Past
Clinical reports indicate that interaction between sertraline and the MAOIs isocarboxazid and tranylcypromine may cause serotonin syndrome .	Pres
According to the label , sertraline is contraindicated in individuals taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors or the antipsychotic pimozide ( Orap ) .	Past
Sertraline concentrate contains alcohol , and is therefore contraindicated with disulfiram ( Antabuse ) .	Pres
The prescribing information recommends that treatment of the elderly and patients with liver impairment " must be approached with caution . "	Pres
It targets the sodium dependant serotonin transporter to inhibit the re-uptake of serotonin by neurones .	Pres
This increases the concentration of serotonin in the synaptic cleft , meaning more is available to act on the post synaptic neurone resulting in antidepressant effects .	Pres
Sertraline is absorbed slowly when taken orally , achieving its maximal concentration in the plasma 4 to 6 hours after ingestion .	Past
Sertraline is metabolised in the liver by demethylation to an inactive metabolite .	Past
According to " in vitro " studies , sertraline is metabolized by multiple cytochrome 450 isoforms : CYP2D6 , CYP2C9 , CYP2B6 , CYP2C19 and CYP3A4 .	Past
These conclusions have not been verified in human studies .	Past
Welch then prepared stereoisomers of this compound , which were tested " in vivo " by animal behavioral scientist Albert Weissman .	Past
The U.S. patent for Zoloft expired in 2006 , and sertraline is now available in generic form and is marketed under many brand names worldwide .	Past
[ The EP ] also boasted the anomalous , but delightful Shadows-like instrumental ' Wedding Cake Island ' " .	Past
In 1990 the EP was re-released , on CD , in the United States by Columbia Records .	Past
" Bird Noises " also boasted the anomalous , but delightful Shadows-like instrumental ' Wedding Cake Island ' " .	Past
" Species Deceases " was certified platinum on December 14 , 1985 , two weeks after its release .	Past
Founded in 1958 , it is the second oldest university in the State of Victoria .	Past
In its early years of teaching , research and administration , Monash was not disadvantaged by entrenched traditional practices .	Past
The same year , the university secured an 18th-century Tuscan palace to open a research and teaching centre in Prato , Italy .	Past
In 2014 , the university ceded its Gippsland campus to Federation University .	Past
It aims to carry out high impact research in engineering and sciences , particularly clean energy , biotechnology and nanotechnology .	Pres
Students undertake their research in both India and Australia , with supervisors from both Monash and IITB .	Pres
In the month following its official opening , 36 joint projects had commenced , with a further several hundred planned .	Past
This officially commenced on 1 January 2018 , as a campus of Federation University Australia .	Past
These incorporate the university 's major departments of teaching and research centres .	Pres
This equates to more than 15,000 first preferences from Victorian high school leavers .	Pres
MADA Gallery regularly collaborates with other arts organisations and museums to present the newest contemporary art .	Pres
These groups organise social events and represent student interests to the faculty among other goals .	Pres
Sport at Monash University is overseen by Monash Sport , a department of the university which employs over 200 staff .	Past
Monash sends the largest number of students of any Australian university to the Australian University Games , in which it was Overall Champion in 2008 and 2009 .	Pres
MRS manages a variety of facilities at most Australian campuses ( Berwick , Clayton , Caulfield , and Peninsula ) as well as South Africa :	Pres
Mannix is also affiliated with the university .	Past
The family spoke German as their native language .	Past
The family was advised to move back to Melbourne to let John reach his full potential , and they moved back in 1877 .	Past
Training was undertaken at Broadmeadows , Victoria , before embarking in December 1914 .	Past
Assigned the role of divisional reserve , Monash came ashore early on 26 April .	Past
Elsewhere , the offensive also stalled , resulting in disaster for the last co-ordinated effort to defeat the Turkish forces on the Gallipoli Peninsula .	Past
It was also reassigned to the 4th Division .	Past
After a period of training , Monash 's brigade undertook defensive duties along the Suez Canal .	Pres
The British High Command was impressed by Monash 's abilities and enthusiasm .	Past
They misled Prime Minister Billy Hughes into believing that senior officers were opposed to Monash .	Past
The Allies eventually breached the Hindenburg Line by 5 October , and the war was essentially over .	Past
Monash was honoured with numerous awards and decorations from universities and foreign governments .	Past
He also formulated an expression for the black-body radiation , which is correct in the photon-gas limit .	Past
From 1896 to 1899 , Wien lectured at RWTH Aachen University .	Past
Planck corrected the theory and proposed what is now called Planck 's law , which led to the development of quantum theory .	Past
It can be configured as a charged particle energy analyzer , monochromator , or mass spectrometer .	Past
Hospitality services generally connect users via the internet and are examples of collaborative consumption and sharing .	Past
In 1988 , Joy Lily rescued the organization from imminent shutdown , forming Hospitality Exchange .	Past
He also wondered why there was so much evil in the world , especially when one could let reason lead the way .	Past
This also fits in with the picture of Holberg as of the age of enlightenment .	Pres
He ate reasonably and did not use his money on being driven around .	Past
This suggests that they originated as fragments of Vesta 's crust .	Pres
V-type NEAS ( or V-NEAs ) are near-Earth asteroids with a V spectral type .	Pres
The ink is deposited on these high-release inkjet papers , which are used for the next step of the sublimation printing process .	Past
However , a range of 380 to 420 degrees Fahrenheit is normally recommended for optimal color .	Past
The most common process lays one colour at a time , the dye being stored on a polyester ribbon that has each colour on a separate panel .	Pres
Some of the dye diffuses into the printing medium .	Pres
This layer protects the dyes from UV light and moisture .	Pres
Consequently , a dye-sublimation printer produces true continuous tones appearing much like a chemical photograph .	Pres
The dyes diffuse a small amount before being absorbed by the paper .	Pres
For photographs , this produces very natural prints , but for other uses ( such as graphic design ) this slight blurriness is a disadvantage .	Pres
Printing in monochrome saves nothing , and the three unused color panels for that page cannot be recycled for a different single-color print .	Pres
For such environments , the waste roll should be shredded or incinerated onsite rather than simply being discarded in the trash .	Past
The fabric is permanently dyed so it can be washed without damaging the quality of the image .	Past
The other is solvent dye sublimation ink that can be used in XAAR , Spectra and some Konica printhead wide format printers .	Past
The algorithm divides the graph into components that can be solved separately .	Pres
Rescuing with great difficulty the beleaguered garrison of Torgau , he retreated beyond the Oder into Pomerania .	Past
Only the break-up of the ice prevented the capture of the place .	Past
He was much beloved by his men , who bore his body with them on the field of Wolfenbüttel .	Past
, China administers 33 provincial-level regions , 334 prefecture-level divisions , 2,862 county-level divisions , 41,034 township-level administrations , and 704,382 basic level autonomies .	Pres
This table summarizes the divisions of the area administered by the People 's Republic of China .	Pres
People tend to be identified in terms of their native provinces , and each province has a stereotype that corresponds to their inhabitants .	Pres
In urban areas , every subdistrict of a district of a city administers many communities or residential committees .	Pres
A similar case exists with some county-level cities .	Pres
they are directly administered by their province ) .	Past
In practice , however , more levels were inserted .	Past
Started from Jiangxi province in 1935 , Prefectures were later inserted between provinces and counties .	Past
Greater administrative areas were inserted on top of provinces by the PRC government , but they were soon abolished , in 1954 .	Past
District public offices were inserted between counties and townships ; once ubiquitous as well , they are currently being abolished , and very few remain .	Past
This officially sanctioned piracy was known as privateering .	Past
Each possessed a large population and a self-sustaining economy , and was well-protected by Spanish defenders .	Past
This need for Spanish resources in Europe accelerated the decay of the Spanish Empire in the Americas .	Past
Many of the cities on the Spanish Main in the first third of the 17th century were self-sustaining but few had yet achieved any prosperity .	Pres
The mid-17th century in the Caribbean was again shaped by events in far-off Europe .	Past
But disasters in the Old World bred opportunities in the New World .	Past
The Spanish Empire 's colonies were badly neglected from the middle of the 17th century because of Spain 's many woes .	Past
Worried by the Dutch Republic 's intense commercial success since the signing of the Treaty of Westphalia , England launched a trade war with the Dutch .	Past
These laws were aimed at ruining the Dutch merchants whose livelihoods depended on free trade .	Past
Jamaica was slowly transformed , along with Saint Kitts , into the heart of the English presence in the Caribbean .	Past
This spelled the doom of privateering and the easy ( and nicely legal ) life it provided for the buccaneer .	Past
A small British colony had even sprung up in former Spanish territory at Belize in Honduras that had been founded by an English pirate in 1638 .	Past
The French colonial empire in the Caribbean had not grown substantially by the start of the 18th century .	Past
The decline of piracy in the Caribbean paralleled the decline of the use of mercenaries and the rise of national armies in Europe .	Past
Armies were systematized and brought under direct state control ; the Western European states ' navies were expanded and their mission was extended to cover combating piracy .	Past
This revived Caribbean trade provided rich new pickings for a wave of piracy .	Past
Between 1716 and 1726 approximately 400 to 600 pirates were executed .	Past
But the records of the US Navy indicate that hundreds of pirate attacks occurred in American and Caribbean waters between the years of 1820 and 1835 .	Pres
In 1552 , Le Clerc ransacked Porto Santo .	Past
One year later , he mustered one thousand men and caused havoc in the Caribbean with his lieutenants Jacques de Sores and Robert Blondel .	Past
They pillaged and burned down the seaport of Santo Domingo , and ransacked Las Palmas in the Canary Islands on his way back to France .	Past
Morgan 's men burnt the city to the ground , and the inhabitants were either killed or forced to flee .	Pres
and like most pirate captains of the time he looked fancy doing it .	Past
After his own crew mutinied in 1724 when Low murdered a sleeping subordinate , he was rescued by a French vessel who hanged him on Martinique island .	Past
Rackham and his crew were hanged , but when the judge sentenced Anne and Mary to death he asked if they had anything to say .	Past
" Milord , we plead our bellies " , meaning they asserted they were pregnant .	Pres
The judge immediately postponed their death sentence because no English court had the authority to kill an unborn child .	Past
This was repeated by Piet Hein in 1628 , who made a profit of 12 million guilders for the Dutch West India Company .	Past
Pirates involved specifically in the Caribbean were called buccaneers .	Pres
Most pirate wealth was accumulated by selling of chandlery items : ropes , sails , and block and tackle stripped from captured ships .	Past
Many slaves , primarily from places in Africa , were being exported to colonies in the Caribbean for slave labour on plantations .	Past
Cofresí commanded several assaults against cargo vessels focusing on those that were responsible for exporting gold .	Past
He is alleged to have paid for the stolen body of Charles Byrne , and proceeded to study and exhibit it against the deceased 's explicit wishes .	Past
Family papers cite his birthday as being variously on 7 and 9 February .	Pres
John is alleged to have been connected to these deaths , since at the time he was acting as William 's assistant .	Past
In the house itself , Hunter boiled down the skeletons of some of these animals as part of research on animal anatomy .	Past
Hunter championed treatment of gonorrhea and syphilis with mercury and cauterization .	Past
Hunter 's character has been discussed by biographers :	Past
His birthplace in Long Calderwood , Scotland , has been preserved as Hunter House Museum .	Past
The educational comic book " Dagwood Splits the Atom " used characters from the comic strip " Blondie " .	Pres
At this time , EC canceled its crime and horror titles and focused primarily on " Mad " .	Past
During the late 1940s , the popularity of superhero comics waned .	Past
To retain reader interest , comic publishers diversified into other genres , such as war , Westerns , science fiction , romance , crime and horror .	Past
The following year , " Flash Comics " and " Green Lantern " were cancelled .	Past
The next year " Star Spangled Comics " , featuring Robin , was retitled " Star Spangled War Stories " .	Past
" Sensation Comics " , featuring Wonder Woman , was cancelled in 1953 .	Past
Lev Gleason Publications ' " Daredevil " was edged out of his title by the Little Wise Guys in 1950 .	Past
Lumpur ; after the introduction of the 757 , its smaller sibling was phased out .	Past
Flights to the third European destination , Zürich , commenced in August 1993 via Kuala Lumpur and another new destination , Bahrain .	Past
Services to Cairo and Kolkata ( via Singapore ) were suspended mid-1995 due to low passenger numbers .	Past
The route to Zürich was suspended in September 1996 to enable Royal Brunei to commence daily services to London Heathrow .	Past
Unprofitable routes to Beijing and Osaka were suspended in 1998 and the F-100s were also sold to Alpi Eagles Airlines in 1998 .	Past
It was suspended a year later .	Past
All of the Airbus were leased from CIT Aerospace of USA in a seven-year contract , and are deployed mainly on regional routes .	Past
With their introduction , the Boeing 757s were phased out and sold to other parties .	Past
As Royal Tongan was unable to pay the lease fees , the 757 was repossessed and stored .	Past
The unprofitable Taipei route was suspended in late 2004 .	Past
Commencing 17 December , flights to Jeddah were routed through Sharjah instead of Abu Dhabi .	Past
In early September 2007 , RBA suspended flights to Frankfurt am Main as part of its latest restructuring exercise .	Past
Kuching was reintroduced to the network on 1 December 2007 , after a break of three years .	Past
Royal Brunei Airlines then suspended services to Darwin on 26 January 2008 , after serving the route for 24 years .	Past
Shanghai was " suspended " in April 2008 , and Sydney and Bali were dropped from the summer schedule of 2008 .	Past
The last of the airline 's long-serving Boeing 767s were withdrawn from service on 27 September .	Pres
Flights to Kuching were suspended after the last scheduled flight of July 2012 .	Past
All of its Boeing 787 aircraft are powered by the Rolls Royce Trent 1000 engines .	Past
The airline leased two new Airbus A320 aircraft which were delivered in September and November 2015 , eventually to replace the two Airbus A319 aircraft .	Past
This indicated the start of the programme to modernise the narrowbody fleet , with up to 10 Airbus A320s to be delivered from the end of 2017 .	Past
The agreement enhances air services and co-operation between the two countries , allowing for the tourism industries and commerce of the two countries to prosper .	Pres
Non-muslim passengers are however , permitted to bring along their own alcohol for consumption on board .	Past
This reflects the Bruneian government 's policy on the sale and importation of alcohol in Brunei .	Pres
The Economy Class seats can be reclined 6 inches from its upright position .	Past
Miles expire after 3 years .	Pres
Miles accrued by Royal Skies members can be redeemed for free flights or seat upgrades .	Past
It portrays the lives of Iskander Harappa ( sometimes assumed to be Zulfikar Ali Bhutto ) , and	Pres
The concepts of ' shame ' and ' shamelessness ' are explored through all of the characters , with main focus on Sufiya Zinobia and Omar Khayyám .	Past
In addition , Omar never learns who his father is .	Pres
He enrolls in a school and is convinced by his tutor ( Eduardo Rodriguez ) to become a doctor .	Pres
He rose to fame in the early 1990s with his experimental and lo-fi style , and became known for creating musical collages of wide genre styles .	Past
Today , he musically encompasses folk , funk , soul , hip hop , electronic , alternative rock , country , and psychedelia .	Pres
The four-time platinum artist has collaborated with several artists and has made several contributions to soundtracks .	Past
The lower-class family struggled financially , moving to Hoover and Ninth Street , a neighborhood populated primarily by Koreans and Salvadorian refugees .	Past
Shortly thereafter , Beck explored blues and folk music further , discovering Woody Guthrie and Blind Willie Johnson .	Past
He hung out at the Los Angeles City College , perusing records , books and old sheet music in its library .	Past
Beck was roommates with Paleface , sleeping on his couch and attending open mic nights together .	Pres
" I 'd be banging away on a Son House tune and the whole audience would be talking .	Pres
As Bong Load struggled to press more copies of " Loser " , Beck was beset with offers to sign with major labels .	Past
The song also charted in the UK , Australia , New Zealand , and throughout Europe .	Past
I mean , I " never " had any slack .	Pres
In the summer of 1994 , Beck was struggling and many of his fellow musicians thought he had lost his way .	Pres
At other concerts , crowds were treated to twenty minutes of reggae or Miles Davis or jazz-punk iterations of " Loser " .	Past
Beck enjoyed but , like several executives at Geffen , was bewildered by the success of " Odelay " .	Past
It doesn 't feel natural to me .	Pres
I don 't think I was made for that .	Pres
Though the album was originally slated for release by Bong Load Records , Geffen intervened and issued the record against Beck 's wishes .	Past
Beck lapsed into a period of melancholy and introspection , during which he wrote the bleak , acoustic-based tracks later found on " Sea Change " .	Past
In 2001 , Beck drifted back to the songs and called producer Nigel Godrich .	Past
Nearly half of the songs had existed since the 1990s .	Past
It sounded too good , that was the problem . "	Past
" Guerolito " combines remixes previously heard as B-sides and new versions of album tracks to make a track-by-track reconfiguration of the album .	Pres
Digital download releases automatically downloaded the song 's additional video for each single sale , and physical copies came bundled with an additional DVD featuring fifteen videos .	Past
For his next studio effort , his tenth , Beck tapped Danger Mouse to produce , and the two first met in December 2007 to record .	Past
The duo knocked out two tracks in two days , but the notion that the album would be finished in a timely fashion soon evaporated .	Past
Still , the musicians were surprised at how well they got along .	Past
The first song , " Little Hands " , was posted on Beck 's website on November 12 , 2009 .	Past
Also in 2009 , Beck collaborated with Charlotte Gainsbourg on her album " IRM " , which was released in January 2010 .	Past
Proceeds from the sales will be donated to raise awareness and money to fight AIDS / HIV and related health and social issues .	Past
Beck collaborated on two songs for Childish Gambino 's " Royalty " mixtape in 2012 .	Past
In 2015 , Beck collaborated with former Fun .	Past
In 2016 , Beck collaborated with French electronic music band M83 , providing vocals for the song " Time Wind " from their album " Junk " .	Past
He also collaborated with Lady Gaga on the song " Dancin ' in Circles " , from her 2016 album " Joanne " .	Past
A Beck song called " Harry Partch " , a tribute to the composer and his " Corporeal " music , employs Partch 's 43-tone scale .	Pres
The show toured from the Santa Monica Museum of Art to galleries in New York City and Winnipeg , Manitoba , in Canada .	Past
Beck has self-identified both as Jewish and as a Scientologist .	Past
Patricia Ebrey writes that Ouyang pioneered early ideas in epigraphy .	Pres
Roman-era Greek writers also dealt with antiquarian material , such as Plutarch in his " Roman Questions " and the " Deipnosophistae " of Athenaeus .	Pres
one that rejected unsubstantiated legends , and demanded high standards of proof for its claims ) went hand-in-hand with the development of antiquarianism .	Past
They increasingly argued that empirical primary evidence could be used to refine and challenge the received interpretations of history handed down from literary authorities .	Past
From the 16th to the 19th centuries , a clear distinction was perceived to exist between the interests and activities of the antiquary and the historian .	Past
In English , however , the word ( either as antiquarian or antiquary ) very rarely carries this sense .	Pres
He deplored the more comprehensive and eclectic approach of the Society of Antiquaries , and their interest in the primitive past .	Past
This body existed till 1604 , when it fell under suspicion of being political in its aims , and was abolished by King James I .	Past
The society was governed by a council of twenty and a president who is " ex officio " a trustee of the British Museum .	Past
It deals with India 's transition from British colonialism to independence and the partition of British India .	Pres
He later discovers that all children born in India between 12 a.m. and 1 a.m. on that date are imbued with special powers .	Pres
In doing so , he reconnects with his childhood friends .	Pres
... ' " ) recalls indigenous Indian culture , particularly the similarly orally recounted " Arabian Nights " .	Pres
It encompasses the comic and the tragic , the real , the surreal , and the mythic .	Pres
Director Deepa Mehta collaborated with Salman Rushdie on a new version of the story , the film " Midnight 's Children " .	Past
In 1953 , the Gibbs watched the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II on the television .	Past
Their influences at that time were popular acts such as The Everly Brothers , Cliff Richard and Paul Anka .	Pres
In May 1958 , the group was disbanded as Frost and Horrocks left , and the name changed to Wee Johnny Hayes and the Blue Cats .	Past
In August 1958 , the family travelled to Australia on the same ship as Australian musician Red Symons .	Past
They toured Europe in 1967 and 1968 as well as the US in August 1968 .	Past
On the day it reached number one , 5 November 1967 , Robin Gibb recalled to " The Mail on Sunday " on 1 November 2009 :	Past
On 27 July 1968 , Gibb collapsed and fell unconscious .	Past
Also in 1969 , Gibb co-produced " Love for Living " .	Past
The single will be billed as by ' The Robin Gibb Orchestra and Chorus and it will be rush-released as soon as possible by Polydor " .	Past
" Hold on to My Love " had reached and stayed in the US Top 30 hits for 14 years .	Past
Also in 1980 , he duetted with Marcy Levy on the song " Help Me ! "	Past
Also in 1980 , most of Barbra Streisand 's album " Guilty " was co-written by Gibb with Barry .	Past
In recent years , Gibb sang the vocals to the opening titles to the British ITV show " The Dame Edna Treatment " .	Past
In late 2004 , Gibb embarked a solo tour of Germany , Russia and Asia with singer Alistair Griffin as the opening act .	Past
They sang three songs : " Jive Talkin ' " , " To Love Somebody " and " You Should Be Dancing " .	Pres
Also in 2010 , Gibb toured in Australia with Bonnie Tyler as his supporting guest .	Past
" He listens to our music every day .	Pres
Gibb recovered and returned to perform concerts in New Zealand and Australia .	Past
Another concert in Paris was cancelled in October 2011 .	Past
On 27 October 2011 , Gibb cancelled an appearance only minutes before he was due to perform at the Poppy Appeal Concert in London .	Past
In November 2011 , he was diagnosed with colorectal cancer , which had metastasised to his liver several months earlier .	Past
In March 2012 , Gibb was hospitalised for intestinal surgery and cancelled scheduled appearances while recovering .	Past
In April , however , he contracted pneumonia and fell into a coma .	Past
Robin and his brother Barry Gibb had famously clashed personally and professionally for decades before his death , and that conflict lasted to the end .	Past
The Who 's Roger Daltrey recalled : " A lovely , lovely guy .	Past
John Travolta recalled , " I thought Robin was one of the most wonderful people , gifted , generous and a real friend to everyone he knew .	Past
Kenny Rogers recalled : " Robin was a part of something unique .	Past
In 1994 , Gibb was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles .	Past
In 1997 , Gibb was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , Ohio , US as a member of the Bee Gees .	Past
However , the official presentation ceremony at Buckingham Palace in London was delayed until 2004 due to Maurice 's death .	Past
The award was also bestowed posthumously on Maurice , therefore confirming the freedom of the town of their birth to Gibb , Barry and Maurice .	Past
He has collaborated with international artists Busta Rhymes , Fat Joe , Trey Songz , Rancid , and Bob Marley 's sons Stephen Marley and Damian Marley .	Past
In February 2011 he was convicted on the same drug charge after a controversial second trial that was tainted by jury misconduct .	Past
He waived his right to an appeal and has since been incarcerated .	Past
Buju emulated Burro 's rough vocals and forceful delivery , developing his own distinctive style .	Past
Some of Banton 's lyrics dealt with violent themes , which he explained as reflecting the images that young Jamaicans were presented with by the news media .	Pres
Banton toured Europe and Japan , playing sold-out shows .	Past
The artist was embracing his Rastafari faith and his new album reflected these beliefs .	Pres
" Til Shiloh " successfully blended conscious lyrics with a hard-hitting dancehall vibe .	Past
This series raises money to increase AIDS awareness .	Pres
The album was well-received by fans at the time and critics praised Buju 's soaring vocals .	Past
The album showcased diverse musical styles , and featured guest appearances by Luciano , Morgan Heritage , Stephen Marley , and Rancid .	Past
" Paid Not Played " , also featured on the album , displayed a gradual return to the themes more popular in dancehall .	Past
Four months later , he was sentenced to ten years and one month in a federal prison for the cocaine trafficking conviction .	Past
The 1958 contest continued with the policy implemented the year before where each country was limited to one song entry .	Past
As a consequence of a 1992 – 1993 war with Georgia , most ethnic Georgians originally living in Abkhazia were either expelled or killed .	Past
Approximately 60 % of Abkhazians identify themselves as Christians — most being either Eastern Orthodox or Armenian Apostolic adherents .	Pres
Minority religious groups are viewed by some Georgians as a threat to Georgian national identity , cultural values , and the GOC .	Past
Priests and members of the GOC , communicating via social networks , had protested the planned event and had announced plans to prevent it from taking place .	Past
Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili and prime minister Bidzina Ivanishvili denounced the violence against the anti-homophobia rally .	Past
The 737 was originally envisioned in 1964 .	Past
The 737 NG comprises the 737-600 , − 700 , − 800 , and − 900 variants , with lengths ranging from .	Pres
The 737 was revised again in the 2010s for greater efficiency , with the 737 MAX series featuring CFM LEAP-1B engines and improved winglets .	Past
Boeing had been studying short-haul jet aircraft designs , and wanted to produce another aircraft to supplement the 727 on short and thin routes .	Pres
This fuselage permitted six-abreast seating compared to the rival BAC-111 and DC-9 's five-abreast layout .	Past
Key to increasing production efficiencies , the entire fuselage is shipped since the 737 Next Generation while it was sent in two pieces before .	Past
On December 15 , 1967 , the Federal Aviation Administration certified the 737-100 for commercial flight , issuing Type Certificate A16WE .	Past
The lengthened -200 was widely preferred over the -100 by airlines .	Past
The US Air Force saved the program by ordering T-43s .	Past
Boeing fixed the drag issue by introducing new longer nacelle / wing fairings , and improved the airflow over the flaps and slats .	Past
After the cancellation of the Boeing Supersonic Transport , and scaling back of 747 production , enough funds were freed up to continue the project .	Past
In 1980 , preliminary aircraft specifications of the variant , dubbed 737-300 , were released at the Farnborough Airshow .	Past
The leading-edge slats and trailing-edge flaps were adjusted .	Past
It and two production aircraft flew a nine-month-long certification program .	Past
A single prototype flew 375 hours for the certification process , and on February 28 , 1990 , Southwest Airlines received the first delivery .	Past
Prompted by the new Airbus A320 , Boeing initiated development of an updated series of aircraft in 1991 .	Past
The 737NG encompasses the -600 , -700 , -800 , and -900 , and is to date the most significant upgrade of the airframe .	Pres
The prototype -800 rolled out on June 30 , 1997 , and first flew on July 31 , 1997 .	Past
Boeing produces 42 of the type per month in 2015 , and expects to increase to 52 per month in 2018 .	Pres
A decision on this replacement was postponed , and delayed into 2011 .	Past
Boeing also considers a parallel development along with the 757 replacement , similar to the development of the 757 and 767 in the 1970s .	Pres
The sides of the tires are exposed to the air in flight .	Past
737s are not equipped with fuel dump systems .	Past
If the latter is the case , the aircraft is inspected by maintenance personnel for damage and then returned to service if none is found .	Past
For the 737 Next Generation , a six-screen LCD glass cockpit with modern avionics was implemented while retaining crew commonality with previous generation 737 .	Past
They were eliminated from the 737 cockpit design in 2004 , although they are still installed on customer request .	Past
Southwest Airlines flew their first flight of a 737-800 with Split Scimitar winglets on April 14 , 2014 .	Past
The -200 was rolled out on June 29 , 1967 , and entered service with United in April 1968 .	Past
Some were modified into CT-43s , which are used to transport passengers , and one was modified as the NT-43A Radar Test Bed .	Past
The variant still sees regular service through North American charter operators such as Sierra Pacific .	Pres
Produced from 1984 to 2000 , 1,988 aircraft were delivered .	Past
After engineering trade studies and discussions with major 737 customers , Boeing proceeded to launch the 737 Next Generation series in late 1993 , with 6,856 built .	Past
The MAX is re-engined with more efficient CFM International LEAP-1B powerplants , aerodynamic improvements ( most notably split-tip winglets ) , and airframe modifications .	Past
In the late 1980s , Boeing marketed the 77-33 jet , a business jet version of the 737-300 .	Past
The first BBJ rolled out on August 11 , 1998 and flew for the first time on September 4 .	Past
It is also fitted with auxiliary belly fuel tanks and winglets .	Past
This aircraft 's cabin is pressurized to a simulated altitude .	Past
Boeing is studying plans to offer passenger to freighter conversion for the 737-800 .	Pres
In March 2018 , the 10,000th 737 was rolled out as over 4,600 orders are pending .	Past
Tennyson amended the traditional spellings of several names to fit the metre .	Past
The besieged Leodogran , King of Cameliard , appeals to Arthur for help against the beasts and heathen hordes .	Pres
Afterwards he requests the hand of Leodogran 's daughter , Guinevere , whom he loves .	Pres
He is persuaded at last by a dream of Arthur crowned in heaven .	Past
To her disappointment , he agrees .	Pres
Gareth is angered by his apparent tomfoolery , but is himself rebuked for going disguised to the truthful Arthur .	Past
Gareth is secretly knighted by Arthur , who orders Lancelot to keep a discreet eye on him .	Past
Indignant , she flees , and abuses Gareth sorely when he catches up .	Pres
On their journey he proves himself again and again , but she continues to call him knave and scullion .	Pres
He loves his wife deeply and she responds with equal affection ; her only wish is to please him .	Pres
Geraint believes the stories and begins to fear that Enid will follow the bad example of her friend , the queen .	Pres
He jumps to the conclusion that she is confessing her infidelity and is infuriated .	Pres
He is riding so listlessly that he inspires no fear in them .	Pres
Finally she rides back and warns him .	Pres
Rather than show any gratitude , Geraint criticises Enid for her disobedience and needles her about his suspicion that she really wants him to be defeated .	Pres
Geraint engages the knights and is victorious .	Pres
He piles the armour of the dead knights on their horses and makes Enid lead them as she rides .	Pres
The same episode is repeated again with three other knights , and once more Geraint chastises Enid for her disobedience .	Past
He , of course , suspects her of having encouraged the earl and is angry .	Pres
Soon the unhappy couple enters the lawless territory of Earl Doorm the Bull .	Pres
After a while , Doorm and his soldiers ride past , returning from a raid .	Pres
The outlaw earl 's curiosity is aroused by the lovely maiden and he questions her .	Past
Doorm insists that the wounded knight is dead , but Enid refuses to believe him .	Pres
He informs them that he is an advance scout for an army led by Arthur to rid this province of thieves and outlaws .	Pres
Several times it reminds him to restrain his temper .	Pres
When Garlon casts aspersions on the Queen , Balin kills him and flees .	Pres
Ashamed of his temper , he hangs his crowned shield in a tree , where Vivien and her squire discover it , and then Balin himself .	Past
In that same wood , Balan hears the cry and believes he has found his demon .	Pres
She fails to seduce the King , for which she is ridiculed , and turns her attentions to Merlin .	Pres
She intends to coax out of Merlin a spell that will trap him forever , believing his defeat would be her glory .	Pres
She protests her love to Merlin , declaring he cannot love her if he doubts her .	Pres
Long ago , Arthur happened upon the skeletons of two warring brothers , one wearing a crown of nine diamonds .	Past
Lancelot then agrees to go to the tournament , but in disguise .	Pres
Lancelot 's flattering chivalry wins over the impressionable young Elaine 's heart .	Pres
Here the Idyll repeats Malory 's account of the tournament and its aftermath .	Pres
Elaine has thus fallen in love with Lancelot .	Past
When he tells her that their love can never be , she wishes for death .	Pres
In an unwarranted jealous fury , the Queen hurls the diamonds out the window into the river , just as Elaine 's funeral barge passes below .	Pres
Guinevere privately asks Lancelot 's forgiveness .	Pres
The hall is shaken with thunder , and a vision of the covered Grail passes the knights .	Past
When Arthur returns , he hears the news with horror .	Pres
For Pelleas ' sake , Arthur declares it a " Tournament of Youth " , barring his veteran warriors .	Pres
Gawain observes this one day with outrage .	Pres
When admitted to the castle , he announces that he has killed Pelleas .	Pres
Three nights later , Pelleas enters the castle in search of Gawain .	Pres
Disillusioned with Arthur 's court , Pelleas leaves Camelot to become the Red Knight in the North .	Past
Guinevere had once fostered an infant found in an eagle 's nest , who had a ruby necklace wrapped around its neck .	Past
He was tortured by the Red Knight in the North , who has set up a parody of the Round Table with lawless knights and harlots .	Past
They taunt each other , but at the last he puts the necklace about her neck and bends to kiss her .	Pres
At that moment Mark rises up behind him and splits his skull .	Pres
Guinevere has fled to the convent at Almesbury .	Past
Guinevere rejects Lancelot 's offer of sanctuary in his castle overseas , choosing instead to take anonymous shelter in the convent .	Pres
She is befriended by a little novice .	Past
She hears his steps and falls on her face .	Pres
She watches him leave and repents , hoping they will be reunited in heaven .	Pres
In the disastrous last battle , Arthur kills Mordred , and , in turn , receives a mortal wound .	Past
Arthur believes him and passes with Sir Bedivere watching , as the new sun rises on a new year .	Pres
The ball is equipped with a noise-making device to allow players to locate it by sound .	Past
Matches consist of two 25-minute halves , with a ten-minute break at half-time .	Pres
Teams are permitted to use sighted athletes as goalkeepers and guides ; sighted goalkeepers cannot have been registered with FIFA for at least five years .	Past
The sport is governed by the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association ( CP-ISRA ) .	Past
Matches consist of two thirty-minute halves , with a fifteen-minute half-time break .	Pres
No more than one players of class C8 are permitted to play at the same time .	Past
This increase in theatrical control coincided with the appearance of permanent adult theaters in London .	Past
The function was abolished only in 1968 .	Past
With the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642 , stage plays were prohibited .	Past
Bands looked menacing and threatening , " like villains on " The Sweeney " " .	Past
According to David Hepworth , Dr Feelgood looked as if they had " come together in some unsavoury section of the army " .	Past
By championing smaller venues , the bands reinvigorated a local club scene that had dwindled since the 1960s as bands priced themselves into big theatres and stadia .	Past
In 1976 , some pub rock labels were putting out both the harder-edged pub rock acts and early punk bands such as The Damned .	Pres
At that point it seemed that nearly every large pub in London was supplying live music , along with hot snacks and the occasional stripper .	Past
Pub rock was rapidly overtaken by the UK punk explosion after spawning what are now seen as several proto-punk bands .	Past
Convinced he could develop a bread slicing machine , he sold his jewelry stores to fund the development effort and manufacture the machines .	Past
By 1932 the availability of standardized slices had boosted sales of automatic , pop-up toasters , an invention of 1926 by Charles Strite .	Past
Within IBM , being eclipsed by the smaller Control Data Corporation seemed hard to accept .	Past
Proposals were requested from IBM and UNIVAC for this new system , to be called " Livermore Automatic Reaction Calculator " or LARC .	Past
In January 1956 , Project Stretch was formally initiated .	Past
Delivery was slated for 1960 .	Past
While the IBM 7030 was not considered successful , it spawned many technologies incorporated in future machines that were highly successful .	Past
During high school , he toured locally with the Bohemian Polka as their lead singer and guitar player .	Past
The ongoing music scene of Austin motivated Nelson to return from retirement , performing frequently at the Armadillo World Headquarters .	Past
In 1975 , he switched to Columbia Records , where he recorded the critically acclaimed album " Red Headed Stranger " .	Past
In 1990 , Nelson 's assets were seized by the Internal Revenue Service , which claimed that he owed $ 32million .	Past
The difficulty of paying his outstanding debt was aggravated by weak investments he had made during the 1980s .	Past
He explored genres such as reggae , blues , jazz , and folk .	Past
On the environmental front , Nelson owns the bio-diesel brand Willie Nelson Biodiesel , which is made from vegetable oil .	Pres
During the summer , the family picked cotton along with other citizens of Abbott .	Past
A truck driver drove Nelson to a bus station and loaned him $ 10 for a ticket to reach Portland .	Past
Nelson rented the apartment near Houston in Pasadena , Texas , where he also worked at the radio station as the sign-on disc jockey .	Past
Dick liked a song of Nelson 's he heard on the bar 's jukebox .	Past
Nelson 's tenure at Liberty yielded his first album entitled " ... And Then I Wrote " , released in September 1962 .	Past
Fred Foster of Monument Records signed Nelson in early 1964 , but only one single was released : " I Never Cared For You " .	Past
By 1970 , most of his songwriting royalties were invested in tours that did not produce significant profits .	Past
In addition to the problems in his career , Nelson divorced Shirley Collie in 1970 .	Past
In December , his ranch in Ridgetop , Tennessee burned down .	Past
He interpreted the incident as a signal for a change .	Past
His popularity in Austin soared as he played his own brand of country music marked by country , folk and jazz influences .	Past
Although Columbia was reluctant to release an album with primarily a guitar and piano for accompaniment , Nelson and Waylon Jennings insisted .	Past
The Outlaws " in 1976 with Jessi Colter and Tompall Glaser cemented the pair 's outlaw image and became country music 's first platinum album .	Past
Rothbaum was sentenced to serve time in jail .	Past
In 1990 , the IRS seized most of Nelson 's assets , claiming that he owed $ 32 million .	Past
In addition to the unpaid taxes , Nelson 's situation was worsened by the weak investments he had made during the early 1980s .	Past
To repay the debt Reshen had created with the IRS , Nelson was recommended to invest in tax shelters that ultimately flopped .	Past
His lawyer , Jay Goldberg , negotiated the sum to be lowered to $ 16 million .	Past
Later , Nelson 's attorney renegotiated a settlement with the IRS in which he paid $ 6 million , although Nelson did not comply with the agreement .	Past
Many of his assets were auctioned and purchased by friends , who donated or rented his possessions to him for a nominal fee .	Past
In December 2014 , a duet with Rhonda Vincent , " Only Me " , topped " Bluegrass Unlimited 's " National Airplay chart .	Past
He portrayed the lead role in the 1986 film version of his album " Red Headed Stranger " .	Past
In 2005 he co-authored " Farm Aid : A Song for America " , a commemorative book about the twentieth anniversary of the foundation of Farm Aid .	Past
Released on November 13 , it was named after the song from his album " Heroes " .	Past
In 2008 , Nelson reopened Willie 's Place , a truck stop in Carl 's Corner , Texas .	Past
The next year Nelson rescued the guitar from his burning ranch .	Past
Interested in the concept , Nelson requested Russell to also sign his guitar .	Past
Nelson then concealed the guitar in his manager 's house until his debt was paid off in 1993 .	Past
Nelson explained that he could not believe that the buildings could collapse due to the planes , attributing instead the result to an implosion .	Past
Friedman promised Nelson a job in Austin as the head of a new Texas Energy Commission due to his support of bio-fuels .	Past
In June 2018 , Nelson deplored the Trump administration family separation policy .	Past
Nelson endorsed O 'Rourke , and received negative reactions from the conservative part of his followers .	Past
He was then smoking between two and three packs per day .	Pres
On the recommendation of his doctor , he canceled his scheduled concerts and only wrote songs during his recovery .	Past
In 2012 he canceled a fund-raising appearance in the Denver area .	Past
In 1977 after a tour with Hank Cochran , Nelson traveled to The Bahamas .	Past
As Nelson and Cochran claimed their luggage in the Bahamas , a customs officer questioned Nelson after marijuana was found in a pair of his jeans .	Past
His requirement to appear in court prevented him attending the Grammy awards that year .	Past
He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1993 , and he received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 .	Past
In 2011 , Nelson was inducted to the National Agricultural Hall of Fame , for his labor in Farm Aid and other fund raisers to benefit farmers .	Past
In 2018 The Texas Institute of Letters inducted him among its members for his songwriting .	Past
It documents Nelson 's IRS troubles and how Farm Aid contributions were used .	Pres
In 2014 , Nelson donated his personal collection to the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History .	Past
On June 23 , 2010 he was inducted into the Library of Congress 's National Recording Registry .	Past
The city also unveiled a life-size statue to honor him , placed at the entrance of " Austin City Limits " ' new studio .	Past
The date selected by the city of Austin unintentionally coincided with the number 4 / 20 , associated with cannabis culture .	Past
In the April 2007 issue of Stuff Magazine Nelson was interviewed about his long locks .	Past
Nelson 's tour buses were customized by Florida Coach since 1979 .	Past
The interior was salvaged and reused for the second version of the bus the same year .	Past
In 1807 the ephemeral Kingdom of Westphalia annexed the Duchy , before France annexed it in 1810 , there comprising a part of the département Bouches-du-Weser .	Past
Large marshes extend on both sides of the River Hamme , which runs through the district from north to south to join the River Wümme .	Pres
It is landlocked by ( from the north and clockwise ) the districts of Stade , Harburg , Heidekreis , Verden , Osterholz and Cuxhaven .	Past
Wagner was also emboldened by the death of Mendelssohn in 1847 , the popularity of whose conservative style he felt was cramping the potential of German music .	Past
The article , which Wagner had hoped would be a sensation , and bring him some money as a journalist , sank like a stone .	Past
For reasons which remain unclear , in 1869 Wagner republished the essay with an addendum as long as the original , and under his own name .	Past
The first part was reprinted as in 1850 , with some references toned down , as in the example already given .	Past
Even Cosima doubted that it was wise .	Past
This translation has seemed unsatisfactory to some scholars .	Past
Included amongst these were his favorite conductor Hermann Levi , the pianists Carl Tausig and Joseph Rubinstein , the writer Heinrich Porges and very many others .	Past
The notoriety in Germany of Wagner 's animus against Jews is attested to in Theodor Fontane 's novel " Effi Briest " ( 1895 ) .	Past
Effi 's husband Baron von Instetten asks her to play Wagner because of " Wagner 's stand on the Jewish question " .	Pres
Neither of these seem to have been large editions .	Pres
'Das Judenthum ' is not quoted or mentioned by early writers on Nazism in the 1950s such as Hannah Arendt .	Past
A scholarly critical edition , with background material and contemporary comments , was prepared by Jens Malte Fischer in 2000 .	Past
However , a full consideration of ' Das Judenthum ' ' s contents weakens this argument .	Pres
In recent years many Israelis have argued that it is possible to appreciate his musical talents , without implying acceptance of his political or social beliefs .	Past
Throughout their existence , Small Brown Bike have toured three times with Dead Season .	Past
In the ideal personality , the complementary characteristics were exquisitely balanced among warm-cool and dry-moist .	Past
Most individuals tend to have aspects of their personality which identify with each of the four temperaments .	Pres
Choleric individuals tend to be more extroverted .	Pres
Melancholic individuals tend to be analytical and detail-oriented , and they are deep thinkers and feelers .	Pres
They are introverted and try to avoid being singled out in a crowd .	Past
They often strive for perfection within themselves and their surroundings , which leads to tidy and detail oriented behavior .	Pres
Phlegmatic individuals tend to be relaxed , peaceful , quiet , and easy-going .	Pres
Moore encouraged Banim to continue writing and gave him a season ticket to his private theatre in Kilkenny , where Moore himself was performing at the time .	Past
He pursued his artistic education for two years in the schools of the Royal Dublin Society , and afterwards taught drawing in Kilkenny	Past
However , the girl 's parents disapproved of their relationship and sent her out of town .	Past
Banim had been contributing to several Dublin newspapers and used his position to help strengthen the artists 's claim .	Pres
During his visit he discussed his future plans for novels and stories with his brother Michael .	Past
Banim befriended Griffin and did everything he could to assist him , helping to edit his plays and to have them submitted for production .	Past
He travelled back to Ireland , spending time in Derry and Belfast , to do research on the novel , which was published in 1826 .	Past
After another misunderstanding with Gerald Griffin , the two resumed their friendship through correspondence in the middle of 1828 .	Past
He also submitted a novel called " The Dwarf Bride " for publication , but the manuscript was lost by the publisher .	Past
He was diagnosed as having an inflammation of the lower spine , and subjected to often excruciating treatments , which provided no relief .	Past
The slopes of the hill are terraced , but the method by which they were formed remains unexplained .	Past
The head of a wheel cross dating from the 10th or 11th century has been recovered .	Past
The plain is reclaimed fen above which the Tor is clearly visible for miles around .	Past
These rocks sit upon strata forming the broader hill on which the Tor stands ; the various layers of the Beacon Limestone Formation and the Dyrham Formation .	Pres
The Bridport Sands have acted as a caprock protecting the lower layers from erosion .	Past
Author Nicholas Mann questions this theory .	Pres
Iron Age hill forts including the nearby Cadbury Castle in Somerset show evidence of extensive fortification of their slopes .	Past
The 1970 excavation suggests the 12th century or later .	Pres
In a more recent book , Hutton writes that " the labyrinth does not seem to be an ancient sacred structure " .	Pres
The base of a stone cross demonstrates Christian use of the site during this period and it may have been a hermitage .	Pres
As the athletes entered the stadium , their flags were displayed on the terraces of the model .	Past
Following allegations of doping at the 1984 Summer Olympics , samples from suspected drug cheats were never actually tested .	Past
In 1936 , Bracken enjoyed success on Broadway with his starring run in the Joseph Viertel play " So Proudly We Hail " .	Past
Bracken has acted in films with two actors who later became U.S. Presidents ; these were Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump .	Past
Adapted from the album liner notes .	Past
The house was besieged during the English Civil War in 1643 before the Battle of Adwalton Moor but appears to have sustained no serious damage .	Past
Howley Hall was demolished in 1730 .	Past
During the late 18th century the main occupations in the town were farming and weaving .	Pres
It was enlarged in 1905 , and is in the Neoclassical style , with a corbelled parapet and pilasters rising to a centre pediment .	Past
The library has been modernised , with a new microfilm viewer , and reels of the Batley News dating back over 120 years .	Past
The supermarket signpost the shopping centre as a thoroughfare to their supermarket .	Past
Shackletons occupy one of the many former mills along Bradford Road .	Pres
It was re-built by Metro in April 2005 replacing the previously owned Arriva Yorkshire site .	Past
He forbade ' beershops ' in Saltaire , but the common supposition that he was teetotal himself is untrue .	Past
They seem to have been a mixture of sound economics , Christian duty , and a desire to have effective control over his workforce .	Pres
" Estimates vary , but the number of people lining the route [ of the funeral ] probably exceeded 100,000 . "	Pres
The ford was superseded by Ireland Bridge .	Past
No records tell of how Bingley fared in the Black Death that swept Europe in the 14th century .	Pres
Like many towns in the West Riding , Bingley prospered during the Industrial Revolution .	Past
The Beeching Axe demolished the goods yard , although the station still has trains to Leeds , Bradford , Skipton , Morecambe and Carlisle .	Past
The Bradford and Bingley collapsed in the 2008 credit crunch .	Past
He was convicted in 1976 of four murders .	Past
In 1966 , bookie Fred Craven was brutally murdered in his betting shop on Wellington Street Bingley .	Past
In what was described as a " bizarre letter " , Sutcliffe responded that he was not responsible for either crime to presenter Christine Talbot .	Past
In 1974 the urban district and civil parish were abolished and absorbed into the City of Bradford Metropolitan District in the new county of West Yorkshire .	Past
Through traffic has been diverted onto the new dual carriageway avoiding the town centre .	Past
This is amplified by Bingley 's hilly northern situation .	Past
The festival evolved from Music At Myrtle and features a range of musical genres including rock , alternative rock , indie rock and pop music .	Past
The first Airedale Terrier was bred in Bingley .	Past
Bingley Walkers are Welcome now works with the local community and businesses to increase footfall into the area and boosting the local economy .	Past
In the mid-18th century the growing towns of Yorkshire , including Leeds , Wakefield and Bradford , were trading increasingly .	Pres
On the western side , the section from Liverpool to Newburgh was dug .	Pres
The same year John Rennie surveyed a branch of the Rochdale between Todmorden and Burnley .	Past
Consequently , Accrington was bypassed and the Haslingden Canal was never built .	Past
The completion in 1796 of the long Foulridge Tunnel and the flight of seven locks at Barrowford enabled the canal to open to eastern Burnley .	Past
Once the canal was fully open , receipts for carrying merchandise matched those of coal .	Pres
It was breached by a German mine in Bootle and the headquarters at Pall Mall were damaged .	Past
Coal was shipped to the power station in Ince in Makerfield until 1972 and corn to Ainscough 's Mill in Burscough until 1960 .	Past
It was reopened the following month , although some restrictions remained .	Past
He refashioned it as a general editorial magazine primarily aimed at a target audience of serious national readers and " thought leaders . "	Past
In 2010 , " The Atlantic " posted its first profit in a decade .	Past
Its launch was overseen by Nicholas Jackson , who had previously been overseeing the Life channel and initially joined TheAtlantic.com to cover technology .	Past
In 2015 , Jeffrey Goldberg 's " Obama Doctrine " was widely discussed by American media and prompted response by many world leaders .	Past
Bradley had promised that the magazine would stay in Boston for the foreseeable future , as it did for the next five and a half years .	Past
When " The Atlantic Wire " launched in 2009 , it curated op-eds from across the media spectrum and summarized significant positions in each debate .	Past
" The Atlantic Wire " rebranded itself as " The Wire " in November 2013 .	Past
" The Wire " was folded back into " The Atlantic " in 2014 .	Past
The site was co-founded as " The Atlantic Cities " by Richard Florida , urban theorist and professor .	Past
In 2014 , it was rebranded as CityLab.com .	Past
In 2015 , CityLab partnered with Univision to launch CityLab Latino , which features original journalism in Spanish as well as translated reporting from CityLab.com .	Past
It also lauded regular features such as " Word Fugitives " and " Primary Sources " as " cultural barometers . "	Past
While the magazine had previously published advertising looking like articles , this one was widely criticized .	Past
The page comments were moderated by the marketing team , not by editorial staff , and comments critical of the church were being removed .	Past
Situated south of Wetherby , Boston Spa is on the south bank of the River Wharfe which separates it from Thorp Arch .	Past
It sits in the Wetherby ward of Leeds City Council and Elmet and Rothwell parliamentary constituency .	Pres
The current conservation area boundary focuses on the historic settlement .	Pres
Boston Spa comprises a mix of private and council houses .	Pres
The east side of Boston Spa comprises mainly larger houses .	Pres
The store shares a wall with a lighting emporium owned by Fred Sanderson .	Pres
After a day at the beach the brothers decide that night was to be the night they would finally get into the Roxbury .	Pres
The angered Mr. Butabi then refuses them access to their BMW car and their cell phones .	Pres
He likes them and sets up a meeting with them for the next day .	Pres
The women later sleep with Doug and Steve , leading the brothers to think they are in " serious relationships . "	Pres
As revenge , the next day , Dooey refuses them entry into Zadir 's office for their meeting .	Pres
Afterwards , the brothers argue over who is at fault for their sudden misfortune and Doug moves out of their shared bedroom and into the guest house .	Pres
In addition , Zadir reveals that to reward their idea , he has made them part-owners of the club .	Pres
The species " Euglena gracilis " has been used extensively in the laboratory as a model organism .	Pres
Thus , the intriguing similarities between " Euglena " and the plants would have arisen not because of kinship but because of a secondary endosymbiosis .	Past
" Euglena " lacks a cell wall .	Pres
The mechanism of this euglenoid movement is not understood , but its molecular basis may be similar to that of amoeboid movement .	Past
" Euglena " divide longitudinally , beginning at the front end of the cell , with the duplication of flagellar processes , gullet and stigma .	Past
Presently , a cleavage forms in the anterior , and a V-shaped bifurcation gradually moves toward the posterior , until the two halves are entirely separated .	Pres
In 1948 , Pringsheim affirmed that the distinction between green and colorless flagellates had no taxonomic justification , although he acknowledged its practical appeal .	Past
( 2003 ) have revised it to include certain members traditionally placed in " Astasia " and " Khawkinea " .	Past
Euglena Company is also experimenting with the use of " Euglena " as a potential fuel source .	Pres
All four members were attending Louisiana State University at the time of Better Than Ezra 's formation .	Pres
Though many theories abound , the band refuses to disclose the origin of its name .	Pres
Better Than Ezra circulated a demo cassette tape later in 1988 , the " Chimes Street Demo " .	Past
He eventually convinced the founders of Exidy , H.R .	Past
It was powered by a Zilog Z80 running at 2.106 MHz with 4 to 48 kilobytes of RAM , giving it performance parity with the TRS-80 .	Past
Paul convinced his friends Pete and Howell to design and build his dream computer , The Exidy Sorcerer .	Past
Exidy would be competing with the Apple II , Commodore Pet , and Tandy TRS 80 .	Pres
The Belgian company DAI was originally contracted to design the machine but they failed to deliver and CompuData delivered several thousand Sorcerers instead .	Past
The lower half was fixed in ROM , and contained the usual ASCII character set .	Past
This area would be loaded with a default set of graphics at reset , but could be re-defined and used in lieu of pixel-addressable graphics .	Past
In fact the machine was actually drawing a 64 × 30 display ( 8 × 8 characters ) which was well within the capabilities of the hardware .	Pres
Enterprising developers then standardized on use of two pins of the parallel port , to which users were expected to attach a speaker .	Past
Thus bootable software could be uploaded to the pack and kept for a longer period .	Past
32 kB could easily be populated .	Past
This could be populated , but required disabling the ROM cartridge capability .	Past
By 1961 , Jean Brown and Yvonne Hogan had ditched the group to get married and Patti and Sundray carried on as soloists .	Past
The group soon toured the chitlin ' circuit , gaining a following in the eastern U.S .	Past
After a televised performance at " American Bandstand " featuring the Ordettes , the Starlets ' manager sued Harold Robinson and Bobby Martin .	Past
Around the same time , Robinson was also sued for having another group use the name " Blue Belles " .	Past
As grittier soul and heavy rock dominated much of Atlantic 's time , the group was let go from their contract in 1970 .	Past
After nearly signing a contract with Herb Hamlett and Frankie Crocker , they eventually picked Vicki Wickham to work with them .	Past
Wickham also advised them to change their name to simply " Labelle " .	Past
Feeling the group had reached the end of its rope , Patti LaBelle advised the group to disband as long as their friendship remained intact .	Past
Dash eventually sang backup for the Rolling Stones and sung for Keith Richards ' spinoff group X-pensive Winos .	Past
Four years later , the original Blue Belles reunited to receive an award from the R & B Foundation for Lifetime Achievement .	Past
In 2008 , Labelle reunited for their first studio album in 32 years with the critically acclaimed " Back to Now " .	Past
In 2003 , " Lady Marmalade " was inducted to the Grammy Hall of Fame .	Past
During the home computer craze during the late-1970s and early-1980s , Microsoft BASIC was ported to and supplied with practically every computer design .	Past
The release of Visual BASIC reignited its popularity and it remains in wide use on Microsoft Windows platforms in its most recent incarnation , Visual Basic .NET	Past
The MS dialect is patterned on Digital Equipment Corporation 's BASIC-PLUS on the PDP-11 , which Gates had used in high school .	Past
It was also ported to the 16-bit BASIC-86 ( 8086 / 88 ) .	Past
Microsoft licensed similar versions to companies that competed with each other .	Past
After licensing BASICA to IBM , for example , Microsoft licensed the compatible GW-BASIC to makers of PC clones , and also sold copies to retail customers .	Past
It was utilizing an 8-bit FAT file system .	Pres
Most of the core features in BASIC-68 and BASIC-69 were copied directly from BASIC-80 .	Past
BASIC-69 was notably also licensed to Tandy where it formed the nucleus of Color BASIC on the TRS-80 Color Computer .	Past
However , versions which will still run on modern machines can be downloaded from various internet sites or be found on old DOS disks .	Past
The backflow of urine is prevented by valves known as ureterovesical valves .	Past
Urine enters the bladder via the ureters and exits via the urethra .	Pres
The lower part of the large intestine also extracts any remaining usable water and then removes solid waste .	Pres
At about 10 feet long in humans , it transports the wastes through the tubes to be excreted .	Pres
Urea is filtered by the kidney into urine or through the gills in fish and tadpoles .	Past
Sweat glands in the skin secrete a fluid waste called sweat or perspiration ; however , its primary functions are temperature control and pheromone release .	Past
Sweating also maintains the level of salt in the body .	Pres
The sweat , helped by salt , evaporates and helps to keep the body cool when it is warm .	Pres
In small-bodied marine invertebrates , the skin is the most important excretory organ .	Pres
After bile is produced in the liver , it is stored in the gall bladder .	Past
It is then secreted within the small intestine where it helps to emulsify fats in the same manner as a soap .	Past
They are excreted from the liver and along with blood flow they help to form the shape of the liver where they are excreted .	Past
In men , roughly 2-3 cases per 10,000 are treated as outpatients and 1 in 10,000 cases require admission to the hospital .	Past
In women , approximately 12-13 in 10,000 cases are treated as outpatients and 3-4 cases are admitted to a hospital .	Past
Greek forces and other Allied forces , along with Cretan civilians , defended the island .	Past
Allied forces withdrew to the south coast .	Past
More than half were evacuated by the British Royal Navy and the remainder surrendered or joined the Cretan resistance .	Past
In contrast , the Allies were impressed by the potential of paratroopers and started to form airborne-assault and airfield-defence regiments .	Past
The Italians were repulsed , but the subsequent German invasion of April 1941 ( Operation Marita ) , succeeded in overrunning mainland Greece .	Past
At the end of the month , 57,000 Allied troops were evacuated by the Royal Navy .	Past
Around each ground , a few field guns , anti-aircraft guns , two infantry tanks and two or three light tanks were sited .	Past
In Greece , had been dispatched to capture the bridge over the Corinth Canal , which was being readied for demolition by the Royal Engineers .	Past
German engineers landed near the bridge in gliders , while parachute infantry attacked the perimeter defence .	Past
When Freyberg took over on 30 April , the information was disguised as information from a spy in Athens .	Past
Poor design of German parachutes compounded the problem ; the standard German harness had only one riser to the canopy and could not be steered .	Past
Those with insufficient ammunition were posted to the eastern sector of Crete , where the Germans were not expected in force .	Past
Planning was rushed and much of " Unternehmen Merkur " was improvised , including the use of troops who were not trained for airborne assaults .	Past
One transport pilot crash-landed on a beach , others landed in fields , discharged their cargo and took off again .	Past
Towards the evening of 20 May , the Germans slowly pushed the New Zealanders back from Hill 107 , which overlooked the airfield .	Past
The Greeks lacked equipment and supplies , particularly the Garrison Battalion .	Past
The next day , Heraklion was heavily bombed and the depleted Greek units were relieved and assumed a defensive position on the road to Knossos .	Past
As night fell , none of the German objectives had been secured .	Past
Overnight , the 22nd New Zealand Infantry Battalion withdrew from Hill 107 , leaving Maleme Airfield undefended .	Past
Brigadier James Hargest denied the request on the mistaken grounds that the 23rd Battalion was busy repulsing parachutists in its sector .	Past
The Germans quickly exploited the withdrawal from Hill 107 to take control of Maleme Airfield , just as a sea landing took place nearby .	Past
The transports were defended by a torpedo charge by " Sagittario " , which also laid a smoke screen and traded fired with the British force .	Past
Cunningham later criticised King , saying that the safest place during the air attack was amongst the flotilla of " caïque " s .	Past
Force C rendezvoused with Force A1 ( Rear Admiral Rawling ) at the Kythera Channel , where air attacks inflicted damage on both forces .	Past
Five hundred survivors were rescued by " Kandahar " and " Kingston " that night .	Past
Upon nearing the shore on 28 May , the lighter was positioned ahead of the tug and firmly beached .	Past
A party of engineers then blew the lighter 's bow off using demolition charges and the two tanks rolled ashore .	Past
8 Commandos , as part of Layforce , landed at Souda Bay ( Colonel Robert Laycock ) .	Past
Troops of the German 141st Mountain Regiment blocked a section of the road between Souda and Chania .	Past
Troops were stationed about its perimeter , to prevent a landing that might block the retreat .	Past
Led by Cpl Douglas Bignal , the men sacrificed themselves , securing the withdrawal of the remainder .	Past
When the main unit was safely to the rear , the Māori retreated , losing only two killed and eight wounded , all of whom were recovered .	Past
On 1 June , the remaining 5,000 defenders at Sfakia surrendered .	Past
While scattered and disorganized , these men and the partisans harassed German troops for long after the withdrawal .	Past
Civilians also checked the Germans to the north and west of Heraklion and in the town centre .	Past
On June 3 , the village of Kandanos was razed to the ground and about 180 of its inhabitants killed .	Past
After the war , Student , who ordered the shootings , avoided prosecution for war crimes , despite Greek efforts to have him extradited .	Past
On several occasions , villagers were rounded up and summarily executed .	Past
In August 1944 , more than 940 houses in Anogeia were looted and then dynamited .	Past
The transfer of " Fliegerkorps " VIII north , ready for " Barbarossa " , eased the Royal Navy evacuation of the defenders .	Past
On 14 May , London warned that the attack could come any time after 17 May , which information Freyberg passed on to the garrison .	Past
Antony Beevor in 1991 and P. D. Antill in 2005 wrote that Allied commanders knew of the invasion through Ultra intercepts .	Past
Freyberg , informed of the air component of the German battle plan , had started to prepare a defence near the airfields and along the north coast .	Past
He had been hampered by a lack of modern equipment , and the lightly-armed paratroopers had about the same firepower as the defenders , if not more .	Past
After midnight the navy sank twelve ships and the rest scattered , which led to a second invasion convoy being called back .	Past
One Cretan source puts the number of Cretans killed by Germans at 6,593 men , 1,113 women and 869 children .	Pres
Italian bombers from 41 ° Gruppo sank the destroyer on 21 May and on 28 May damaged another destroyer ( ) beyond repair .	Past
The disease affects approximately 7 % of infected individuals .	Pres
Incipient GPI is usually manifested by neurasthenic difficulties , such as fatigue , headaches , insomnia , dizziness , etc .	Past
Delusions , common as the illness progresses , tend to be poorly systematized and absurd .	Pres
Eventually , the paretic dies bedridden , cachectic and completely disoriented , frequently in a state of status epilepticus .	Pres
The university is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities , a subgroup of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges .	Past
The College of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business ( AACSB International ) .	Past
The School of Engineering is accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology ( ABET ) except the computer engineering program .	Past
SFSU was one of the first California State University campuses to offer a doctorate of education .	Pres
A dormitory building , Verducci Hall , was imploded in 1999 , having sustained damage from the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake .	Past
Due to his unconventional views , he is being investigated by Monsignor Sleeth .	Past
The second section ( Strange Vocation ) , focuses on Chisholm 's youth .	Pres
Willie aids Francis in his attempt to run away .	Pres
When the attempt fails , Willie 's father contacts Aunt Polly , who takes Francis home to live with her and her daughter , Nora .	Pres
Francis is shunned for doubting the girl 's claims but is vindicated when it is discovered that she had lied .	Past
Francis 's faith is rewarded when he finds a gravely ill boy who is cured by the spring water .	Past
With supplies from Willie Tulloch ( now a doctor himself ) , Father Chisholm opens a free clinic , gaining the support of the villagers .	Pres
He saves the life of a wealthy local 's son , who builds him a new mission and gives him land .	Pres
He learns that Nora 's daughter Judy died in childbirth , and sends money for the care of her son , Andrew .	Pres
They manage to escape , but one of the Methodist missionaries is killed .	Pres
He toured with Tallulah Bankhead in a production of " Anthony and Cleopatra " ; during the run he married his co-star Patricia Knight .	Past
Wilde supplemented his income with exhibition fencing matches ; his wife also did modelling work .	Past
Although the show only had a small run his performance in this role netted him a Hollywood film contract with Warner Bros .	Past
In January 1946 , Wilde was suspended by Fox for refusing the male lead in " Margie " ( 1946 ) .	Past
This suspension was soon lifted so Wilde could play the male lead in the studio 's big budget version of " Forever Amber " ( 1947 ) .	Past
In 1957 , he guest-starred on an episode of " Father Knows Best " as himself .	Past
He acted in " The Norseman " ( 1978 ) and " The Fifth Musketeer " ( 1979 ) .	Past
His body was interred in the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Westwood , Los Angeles .	Past
Director Vidor depicts patriotism as a major motive for Chopin playing the piano .	Pres
Despite his family 's apprehension , Chopin is egged on in his clandestine political activities by his devoted piano teacher , Professor Eisner .	Past
He attends a secret meeting instead of showing up on time for an important concert in front of a count and distinguished guests .	Pres
When he finally performs at the concert , he stops playing when he sees the Russian Governor of Poland enter the room .	Pres
He storms out of the room as his famous Revolutionary Étude starts in the background .	Pres
Before leaving for Paris , Chopin clutches Polish earth in his hands .	Pres
Eisner struggles to gain venues for his student , who he is certain is a genius .	Pres
Just before the night of his crucial debut , Chopin is informed of the murder of his revolutionary friends in Poland by Russian police .	Past
A few musicians , including Franz Liszt , recognize his genius , but the concert does not secure his reputation in France , as Eisner had hoped .	Pres
During this period , Chopin writes his most famous works .	Pres
The script occasionally sounds more like propaganda for wartime self-sacrifice over individualism than like the real story of Chopin 's life .	Pres
Known for their crowd-pleasing arena rock style , the band was well-regarded by audiences despite a relative lack of critical acclaim .	Past
Patterned after hard-rock power trios such as Cream , the band , with Terry Knight 's marketing savvy , developed its own popular style .	Past
Knight sued for breach of contract , which resulted in a protracted legal battle .	Past
At one point , Knight repossessed the band 's gear before a gig at Madison Square Garden .	Past
To refine Grand Funk 's sound , the band secured veteran musician Todd Rundgren as a producer .	Past
The album " We 're an American Band " topped out at number two on the charts .	Past
In 1974 , Grand Funk re-engaged Jimmy Ienner as producer and reverted to using their full name : Grand Funk Railroad .	Past
" , which depicted the band members ' heads superimposed on the bodies of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Franco Columbu .	Past
This album spawned the band 's last two top-10 hits , " Some Kind of Wonderful " and " Bad Time " .	Past
Despite these issues , Grand Funk forged ahead .	Past
Signing with MCA Records , the resulting album " Good Singin ' , Good Playin ' " yielded little success .	Past
In 1996 , Grand Funk Railroad 's three original members once again reunited and played to 250,000 people in 14 shows during a three-month period .	Past
The movie was cancelled but Parks wound up signing a movie contract with Columbia Pictures in 1941 .	Past
His co-star in the film , Barbara Hale , teamed with him again in the comedy feature " Emergency Wedding " ( 1950 ) .	Past
A romantic comedy he made for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , " Love Is Better Than Ever " , was shelved for three years .	Past
Only one person does sing , a young boy named Asa Yoelson ( Scotty Beckett ) .	Pres
Asa arrives late , and is later reprimanded by his strict father .	Pres
He explains that he heard Asa sing at the burlesque house , and that he wants Asa to be part of his act .	Pres
Papa Yoelson refuses to consider it .	Pres
Asa 's mother ( Tamara Shayne ) believes that it would be better to give Asa what he wants than have him running away all the time .	Pres
Dockstader realizes that it was really Al who was on stage , and hires him join his minstrel show .	Pres
Al visits his parents , but does not stay long , because he receives a call from Tom Baron , who is now a theater manager .	Pres
Baron invites Al to join his Broadway show .	Pres
The character Julie Benson is modeled on his former wife Ruby Keeler ) .	Past
She agrees , although she does not love him yet .	Pres
They marry during Al filming " The Jazz Singer " , by which time Julie has fallen in love with him .	Pres
Al persuades her to continue with it , and they star in a film together , but eventually Julie can 't stand any more .	Pres
Al admits that he would rather have her than show business , and he finally quits .	Pres
Al refuses all job offers and absolutely will not sing , even for family and friends .	Pres
The crowd demands a song and though he tries to fob the crowd off , it is no use and he has to sing .	Pres
Julie realizes he is happier than he has been in a long time and leaves while he 's performing .	Pres
She walks out of the picture , and out of his life , leaving Al to his first love : singing .	Pres
Some of the plot details were fictionalized .	Past
Lasker also wants Tony 's ex-wife , Brita , to co-star as Desdemona .	Pres
Tony initially declines the offer to the relief of director Victor Donlan , who knows Tony becomes overly involved in his roles .	Pres
Brita reluctantly accepts the role of Desdemona and rehearsals begin .	Pres
The production opens to rave reviews , but Tony becomes absorbed in his role and begins to hear voices .	Pres
Tony sees jealousy as the key to his character .	Pres
Tony returns to Brita 's and falls asleep on her couch .	Pres
Tony is enraged when he sees the story , and fights Bill .	Past
Bill suspects Tony is Pat 's killer and goes to the police , only to find that Pat 's drunken neighbor has been arrested for her murder .	Pres
Bill hires an actress to dress up like Pat , wear Pat 's earrings , and plants her as a waitress in the restaurant where Pat worked .	Pres
Upon the conclusion of the performance of Othello that evening , a guilt-ridden Tony stabs himself , confesses all and dies backstage .	Pres
Camby later reimbursed the school for the amount lost .	Past
Camby was inducted into the UMass Athletic Hall of Fame on September 10 , 2010 .	Past
Camby , who ended up with scratches on his face from both incidents , was suspended for five games and fined $ 25,000 .	Past
Ferry was suspended for one game and fined $ 7,500 for the initial foul .	Past
The triple-double was accomplished in an NBA record-tying 27 minutes .	Past
On July 15 , 2008 , Camby was traded from the Nuggets to the Los Angeles Clippers .	Past
On December 17 , 2008 , Camby pulled down a career-high 27 rebounds in a 115-109 overtime loss against the Chicago Bulls .	Past
On February 16 , 2010 , Camby was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers for Steve Blake , Travis Outlaw , and 1.5 million dollars in cash .	Past
He missed most of the 2012 – 13 season with a strained plantar fascia in his left foot , playing only 24 games .	Past
On July 29 , 2013 , Camby re-signed with the Houston Rockets .	Past
However , he was waived by the Rockets on October 28 , 2013 .	Past
As a pro he has also toured Africa with Basketball Without Borders .	Past
Crooms pleaded guilty to first-degree sexual assault , second-degree burglary and violating probation .	Past
He was sentenced to 18 years in prison .	Past
He currently resides in Pearland , Texas .	Pres
In this respect ISV can be viewed as heavily borrowing loanwords from New Latin .	Past
A " prototyping " technique then selects the most recent common ancestor of each eligible Interlingua word or affix .	Pres
Some have alleged that the stress of this incident led to his premature death at 39 from a heart attack .	Past
Garfield is acknowledged as a predecessor of such Method actors as Marlon Brando , Montgomery Clift , and James Dean .	Past
Their mother never fully recovered from what was described as a " difficult " pregnancy .	Past
At school , he was judged a poor reader and speller , deficits that were aggravated by irregular attendance .	Past
His father remarried and moved to the West Bronx , where Garfield joined a series of gangs .	Past
She encouraged him to sign up for a citywide debating competition sponsored by the New York Times .	Past
Cheryl Crawford noticed him one day and greeted him warmly .	Past
Feeling encouraged , he made his request for apprenticeship .	Past
Something intangible impressed her , and she recommended him to the other directors .	Past
Now Warner Bros. acceded to his demand , and Garfield signed a standard feature-player agreement — seven years with options — in Warner 's New York office .	Past
Many in the Group were livid over what they considered his betrayal .	Past
But , as Robert Nott explains :	Pres
Frustrated , he turned his energies to supporting the war effort .	Past
He confided to columnist Earl Wilson that he would soon be divorced .	Past
Close friends speculated that it was his wife 's opposition to his planned confession in " Look " magazine that triggered the separation .	Past
Garfield was interred at Westchester Hills Cemetery in Hastings-on-Hudson , Westchester County , New York .	Past
Doc Sportello , the protagonist in Thomas Pynchon 's " Inherent Vice " , discusses his film appearances throughout the book .	Pres
John Garfield was referenced by Burt Reynolds character in the Hustle movie discussing screen heroes	Past
He never knew his father , who left when the boy was six months old to pursue a career in Australia .	Past
Redgrave greatly disliked his stepfather .	Past
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .	Pres
Wilde entrusted the manuscript to the journalist Robert Ross ( another former lover , loyal friend , and rival to " Bosie " ) .	Past
Lord Alfred 's father , the Marquess of Queensberry , often feuded with his son over the topic .	Past
Wilde withdrew his claim as the defence began but the Judge deemed that Queensberry 's accusation was justified .	Past
At the retrial Wilde was sentenced to two years ' imprisonment , to be held to hard labour .	Past
He was imprisoned in Pentonville , Wandsworth , and Reading Prisons , where the poor food , manual labour , and harsh conditions greatly weakened his health .	Past
Haldane championed his case and arranged for access to religious , educational , and historical books .	Past
He examines Lord Alfred 's behaviour and its detrimental effect on Wilde 's work , and recounts Lord Alfred 's constant demands on his attention and hospitality .	Pres
This passage concludes with Wilde offering his forgiveness to Douglas .	Pres
The second part of the letter traces Wilde 's spiritual growth through the physical and emotional hardships of his imprisonment .	Pres
For the secret of life is suffering . "	Pres
Wilde adopts Jesus of Nazareth as a symbol of western kindness and eastern serenity and as a rebel-hero of mind , body and soul .	Pres
He moves methodically toward this conclusion : his earlier antinomian attitude is re-iterated and he finds no recompense in traditional morality .	Pres
Reason was similarly lacking : Wilde felt that the law had convicted him unjustly .	Pres
Instead Wilde reworked his earlier doctrine of the appreciation of experience : all of it must be accepted and transformed , whatever its origin .	Past
Simon Critchley argues that the major element of " De Profundis " is self-realisation .	Pres
In prison Wilde was disconnected from his audiences , which Declan Kiberd suggested was possibly his harshest punishment .	Past
Ross was instructed to make two typed copies , one for Wilde himself , and to send the original to Lord Alfred .	Past
Ross then donated the manuscript to the British Museum on the understanding that it would not be made public until 1960 .	Past
Douglas testified that he had received the letter from Ross , but after reading Ross 's cover note threw it in the fire unread .	Past
Once during the reading he simply disappeared , and was roundly rebuked by the judge .	Past
The volume also aimed to " present the complete textual history of one of the most famous love letters ever written " .	Past
Street dismissed contemporary complaints that the letter lacked sincerity , saying this was just a manifestation of those who opposed Wilde 's graceful writing style .	Past
It was revived in 2008 .	Past
It was co-written by the members of the band and Chad Kroeger , who also co-produced the track with Rick Parashar .	Past
This corresponds with the song 's lyrics which deal with the demise of a relationship taking a metaphorically physical toll on a partner .	Pres
Guitarist Jeremy Nora explained in an interview with LAUNCH :	Past
World War II interrupted his fledgling legal practice .	Past
Tucker rose to the rank of major .	Past
The Virginia Supreme Court overturned Bailey 's conviction , but ordered a new trial , where he was convicted again .	Past
He ultimately filed suits in nearly 50 counties , including Alexandria and neighboring Arlington and Fairfax .	Past
The NAACP rallied to Tucker 's defense in fighting what it viewed as an attempt to derail legal desegregation in Virginia .	Past
This IDE supports 2 programming languages : C ( compiling with SDCC ) and assembly language .	Pres
The project was undertaken by NHPC .	Past
She raced for the team in Italy , France , Poland , Czech Republic , Austria , South Africa , Netherlands , Belgium and Mexico .	Past
July 3 – 14 , 2008 , Attended training camp with Women ’ s U.S. National Team in Lucca , Italy	Past
The narrator also addresses societal stereotypes toward homeless people and homosexuals , of whom the latter are addressed in the final verse .	Pres
ARC # 11 was photographed working in Taylorsville in March 2013 .	Past
She specialised in butterfly and won medals at the 2005 Summer Universiade , 2006 European Aquatics Championships and 2006 Commonwealth Games .	Past
He distinguished himself at the battle of Salamis as a trireme commander .	Past
He also pursued the ship of Artemisia , and she rammed and sunk the ship of Damasithymos who was her ally to escape .	Past
Ameinias and Eumenes of Anagyrus ( Anagyrus is the modern Vari ) were judged to have been the bravest on this occasion among all the Athenians .	Past
In 1939 Union Trust of St. Louis foreclosed on the $ 600,000 note on the building .	Past
To pull a plug several puzzles must be solved using the objects that scatter the floor of the aquarium .	Past
The Deathbowl is populated by creatures which will try to stop Sweevo from carrying out his task .	Past
" Crash : " " The feel of the game relies heavily on the high quality graphics - Sweevo really does seem to be swimming underwater .	Pres
She clinched World championship title three more times , in 1987 , 1989 and 1993 .	Past
In 1995 Olga Levina emigrated to Israel and settled in Haifa .	Past
USS " Brock " ( APD-93 ) , ex-DE-234 , was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1945 to 1947 .	Past
The ship was reclassified as a " Crosley " -class high-speed transport and redesignated APD-93 on 17 July 1944 .	Past
After fitting out , " Brock " departed Charleston Navy Yard on 2 March 1945 bound for Cuba .	Past
" Brock " transited the Panama Canal on 14 April 1945 and , on 15 April 1945 , departed for California .	Past
Entering Ulithi lagoon on 24 May 1945 , " Brock " dropped anchor ; her officers and enlisted men enjoyed liberty at Mog Mog .	Past
On 26 June 1945 , " Brock " encountered the enemy .	Past
During this voyage , " Brock " spotted and sank a naval mine ahead of the convoy .	Past
She anchored in San Pedro Bay , Leyte , on 4 October 1945 and entered drydock there on 10 October 1945 .	Past
Following duty in the Inland Sea , " Brock " departed for Honshu on 7 November 1945 and reached Hiro Wan on 9 November 1945 .	Past
" Brock " then proceeded north to Boston , Massachusetts , where she arrived on 5 March 1946 to begin a pre-inactivation overhaul .	Past
His 1947 book " Dona Luísa de Gusmão , duquesa e rainha ( 1613-1666 ) " is still recognised as the standard biography of Luisa of Medina-Sidonia .	Past
Polla has been curating exhibitions in Paris and elsewhere since 2011 .	Pres
In 2008 , Polla initiated a long term collaboration with Paul Ardenne ( exhibitions , conferences , books ) .	Past
She organizes monthly seminars in Geneva on the theme of creativity and is also a creative and critical writing professor at the HEAD .	Pres
During his patrol , Spider-Man stops a group of thieves who are breaking into a bakery .	Pres
However , upon reviewing the photos , he discovers they are unfortunately unusable .	Pres
Meanwhile , Dr. Curt Connors injects himself with an experimental serum , in an attempt to regrow his missing arm , before going to bed .	Pres
Later , he awakens to discover his arm has indeed regrown .	Pres
While Eddie goes in pursuit , Peter manages to slip out and goes after Connors as Spider-Man .	Pres
Connors knocks him out and Eddie arrives to help him out .	Pres
They almost succeed when Connors is alerted by Spider-Man 's cellphone ringing .	Past
Although Martha understands the difficult choices that Peter had , she fires him .	Pres
Realizing that he had saved Curt either way , he decides that Spider-Man is needed and hides the vial under his desk .	Pres
The episode incorporates several bullet time moments that are referent to the same style employed in " The Matrix " films .	Pres
Like Goldman and Tanaka , Elliot enjoyed the action style and fight sequences and the callbacks to Lizard 's original comic book appearance .	Past
Some of his early work was exhibited at Seattle 's 1909 Alaska – Yukon – Pacific Exposition .	Past
The two traveled on to Europe where Butler studied at the Colorossi Academy in Paris and also studied in Germany .	Past
In the 1950s both Phisoderm and Phisohex were manufactured by Winthrop Laboratories .	Past
Guild practiced medicine in Boston , Massachusetts and was a specialist in allergies .	Past
Three Sterling brands , Haley 's M-O , Philips ' Milk of Magnesia , and Phisoderm , were being advertised by N.W .	Past
In 1991 the Phisoderm account was picked up by Ammirati & Puris of New York City .	Past
Published in " Powers of Detection " .	Past
It introduces another one of Sookie 's fairy cousins , Claude , and the deceased third triplet Claudette .	Pres
Claude and Claudine are recurring characters in later books of the series .	Pres
Claude explains that Claudette came to her siblings in spirit form to tell them of her death .	Pres
Published in " Many Bloody Returns " .	Past
Eric 's vampire bar , Fangtasia , throws a party each year for the vampire observance of Dracula Night , in honor of the infamous Count Dracula .	Pres
It introduces the topic of Hadley 's death , which kicks off the events in the sixth " Vampire Mysteries " book , " Definitely Dead " .	Pres
Mr. Cataliades informs Sookie that Waldo has been caught , and that his punishment is in Sookie 's hands - she must decide .	Pres
Her answer surprises him , and Sookie notices that it also surprises the hidden occupant of the limousine : the Queen .	Pres
Amelia and Sookie discover that the break-in was just Greg 's daughter and her secretive boyfriend , who is actually a newly turned vampire .	Pres
She recalls that she heard a noise in the woods the night before , so she trudges out to investigate .	Pres
To save him from further injury , she brings Preston back to her house and shields him from the Weres who come looking for him .	Pres
This surname originated in England .	Past
Among these includes the 1e BPVN , 3e BPVN and 5e BPVN whom were airdropped into combat during the Siege of Dien Bien Phu .	Past
They were later reformed into the Republic of Vietnam Military Forces and restructured upon the expulsion of the French by Ngo Dinh Diem following the Geneva Accords .	Past
An NVA armoured counter-attack had inflicted grievous losses on many battalions .	Past
U.S. NCOs assisted the staff and company advisors .	Past
Paratrooper companies also fielded crew-served heavy weapons , such as mortars and recoilless rifles , whilst divisional artillery batteries were provided with Howitzers .	Past
To try to solve its handling problems it was fitted with various designs of aileron and rudders .	Past
Originally cast as an understudy , Reed originated the role of Skimbleshanks : The Railway Cat in the original Broadway company of " Cats " .	Past
He also co-founded the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University ( CASA ) with Joseph Califano .	Past
The ground boasts two newly built high quality pitches , one with full floodlights and the other with training lights .	Pres
The startup company was originally headquartered in San Mateo , California .	Past
Wordnik 's material is sourced from the internet by automatic programs .	Past
In January 2011 , McKean relaunched the company as Reverb Technologies , Inc. in Palo Alto , with Wordnik co-founder Anthony Tam .	Past
A total of 4 tonnes of arms were trafficked during his dealings in West Bengal .	Past
Additionally , in 2010 Danish police confiscated two forged and expired passports with British names and the photo of Niels whilst searching his home .	Past
The United Nations Special Torture Rapporteur was quoted for the statement that the Indian guarantees that the man will not be tortured are worthless .	Past
Grandma Sherwood urges Ruth to move to New York City and Eileen decides to go with her .	Pres
Meanwhile , Ruth arrives home to discover Eileen has invited drugstore clerk Frank Lippincott to dinner .	Pres
Wreck asks if he can stay with the girls while his mother-in-law Mrs. Wade visits because she still does not know her daughter Helen is married .	Pres
Back at the Sherwood apartment , Effie inadvertently reveals Helen and Wreck are married to Mrs. Wade , who is upset by the news .	Pres
The following morning , Grandma and Walter Sherwood unexpectedly arrive at the apartment .	Pres
Horrified by this seemingly endless parade of odd characters , Mr. Sherwood insists the sisters return home immediately .	Pres
Overjoyed , Ruth signs a six-month lease and tells her father she wants to stay in New York .	Pres
Russell and Blair reprised their parts .	Past
The nature of a case determines which court system hears it , but most cases fall under the jurisdiction of the secular courts .	Pres
Religious books and audio / video tapes containing blasphemy are prohibited .	Past
In 2008 , three Filipino workers were jailed in the Emirate of Sharjah allegedly for ripping a page out of the Quran and scribbling on the page .	Past
The allegation arose during a dispute between the workers and their employer .	Past
The government revoked the workers ' permits to work .	Past
He also threw on the floor a separate book that contained collections of Hadith .	Past
The Old Issue Bill was nicknamed the " Daikoku Bill " because of the picture of Daikokuten on the inverse of the bill .	Past
For example , the serial number was omitted in 1944 .	Past
This bill was nicknamed the " Military Bank One Yen Bill " ( 中央武内1円 ) .	Past
Due to the production of the one yen aluminum coin in 1955 , there wasn 't a need to circulate the bills .	Pres
They flew out of a flying boat base on Lough Erne and through the Donegal Corridor .	Past
He jettisoned the depth charges and made for cloud cover under heavy anti-aircraft fire , losing sight of the " Bismarck " and never regaining contact .	Past
During her term , Chasin oversaw the company 's creative affairs in the United States .	Past
Besides Earle and Allen , Rolling Stones , John Mellencamp , Bruce Springsteen and Joe Strummer have been cited as obvious influences in Bingham 's work .	Past
( Directed / Produced by Anna Axster )	Past
It analyzes the Ruby source code , generating a structured collection of pages for Ruby objects and methods .	Pres
YARD extends upon the capabilities of RDoc in a number of dimensions :	Pres
Another brother Bolesław the Pious married Helen , daughter of Béla IV of Hungary .	Past
On the other hand , the Bible depicts YHWH as capable of grieving , for example :	Pres
The album deals with political and social problems .	Pres
The Calypso was sometimes advertised as the “ CALYPSO-PHOT ” .	Past
They are locked together when the interchangeable lens is mounted on the camera , and sealed by " Vaseline " greased O-rings to form a watertight unit .	Past
It swings out forward 65 degrees and is operated by the index finger .	Pres
The spring action of the O-ring locks the lens in place by two pins engaging in corresponding slots in the periphery of the lens mount .	Pres
The lens release is accomplished by an outward pull and a quarter turn either way .	Past
The spool always rotates the same angular amount to advance the film without a sprocket wheel drive .	Pres
Acceptable frame spacing is accomplished by the large diameter take-up spool that reduces the effect of increasing spool diameter as more film is wound onto it .	Past
In 2015 she was recruited to NIMH by Thomas Insel .	Past
He successfully alleviated traffic congestion and the buildup of Europe-bound cargoes in the docks .	Past
Smith spoke and acted in favor of government-sponsored consolidation of American , Canadian and Cuban railroads into larger corporations but opposed direct nationalization of railroads .	Past
They insisted on separation of business from politics through an elaborate corporate government scheme .	Past
Smith analyzed each railroad and found that each one had a healthy , profitable component .	Past
He did not formally resign as President of the New York Central until requested by McAdoo in May 1918 .	Past
Smith imposed a temporary embargo on new shipments , which reduced the pressure on the system .	Past
On the receiving end he imposed heavy demurrage penalties against idle cargoes that clogged rolling stock and marshalling yards .	Past
On June 1 , 1919 Smith was reelected President of the New York Central .	Past
The gain was attributed to an increase in sales , mostly for freight transportation .	Past
He liked golf , tennis and baseball but did not have enough time " for these sports .	Past
In the afternoon of March 8 , 1924 , Smith and his freight manager Edward Hoopes mounted their horses for a regular ride through Central Park .	Past
The two were riding near the 67th Street intersection when a woman on a horse crossed into their path .	Pres
According to Hooper 's testimony Smith pulled sharply on the reins , lost his balance , grabbed the horses 's neck and fell on the ground head-on .	Past
Another woman volunteered to drive Smith to the Fifth Avenue Hospital .	Past
He was pronounced dead on arrival ; the doctors believed that the death was instant or practically instant .	Past
Despite this , the team was enjoying the reputation of being the fairest team in the competition and playing the continental short passing game .	Pres
Zayla 'i traveled extensively throughout the Muslim world during his lifetime .	Past
He has also consulted on many other cohousing projects around the world .	Past
She currently competes in Ulta Elliptigo events .	Pres
The college is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University .	Past
The college is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University ( VTU ) , Belgaum .	Past
College is Accredited by NBA .	Past
Every year the college conducts an inter college fest called Parichay where students conduct a lot of cultural and technical activities .	Pres
The College organizes a Basket Ball Rolling Trophy tournament annually .	Pres
The college organizes RNS Basketball Rolling Trophy tournament every year .	Pres
Other tournaments involve cricket , football and volleyball	Pres
Industry visits are organised to enhance the corporate knowledge of the students .	Past
RNS Institute of Technology is one of the top VTU affiliated engineering colleges in Karnataka .	Past
Placement cell organizes industrial training sessions for the placed students just before they join the respective industry .	Pres
When applied to the historical process , an historical teleological argument posits the result as the inevitable trajectory of a specific set of events .	Pres
The Borussian myth was linked to the " Sonderweg " theory of Germany 's " peculiar road " to modernity .	Past
It originated in Hermosillo , the capital of the Mexican state of Sonora , in the late 1980s .	Past
The Sonoran hot dog is prepared and sold by vendors called " dogueros " at street carts .	Past
Located at 169 km away from Recife , capital of the state of Pernambuco .	Past
Keith Michael was disqualified in Season 3 for bringing design books to the contest , which is prohibited .	Past
The team was coached by Butch Jones and played their home games in Kelly / Shorts Stadium .	Past
At the end of the season , Jones departed Central Michigan to become the head coach of the University of Cincinnati .	Past
Like Kwan 's following films , " Women " focuses on female characters and their efforts to overcome cultural restrictions .	Pres
The depot was razed and a vast , 100,000 cubic yard excavation done with the equivalent of a box car load of dynamite .	Past
All four buildings were linked by a subterranean rail tunnel served by small steam locomotives .	Past
A skybridge was erected to connect the member entrance on the eleventh floor of Santa Fe Building No .	Past
1 , proceeded to platforms beneath the buildings where they boarded trains bound for training centers .	Past
Informal sources suggest the building has among the strongest associations with the war effort of any building in North Texas .	Pres
Construction of the nearby Dallas Convention Center severed the link to the main rail lines , and over time the warehouses became vacant .	Past
3 was demolished in 1988 and replaced with a large parking lot .	Past
2 was redeveloped into SoCo Urban lofts .	Past
4 , at the complex 's southernmost point , reopened in 2009 as the downtown Dallas Aloft Hotel .	Past
Hatebreed had previously announced that in addition to their cover album For the Lions , they would release their fifth studio album in 2009 .	Past
On August 27 , they unveiled the artwork for the new album .	Past
The chronology of this diplomatic embassy encompassed :	Past
Located at 240 km away from Recife , capital of the state of Pernambuco .	Past
Has an estimated ( Ibge 2009 ) population of 22.287 inhabitants .	Pres
The mainstream theory believes that Fuzhou Tanka are descendants of the Baiyue of ancient times .	Pres
Fuzhou Tanka now speak the Fuzhou dialect , which is widely used by the majority Fuzhou people in this region .	Pres
They were severely discriminated by land living Fuzhounese residents .	Past
Their life depended on fishing and ferrying , and most of them remained poor and uneducated before the founding of Republic of China .	Past
Pre-marital sex and remarriage were not restricted in their society .	Past
In the Republic of China era , the ethnic egalitarianism was guaranteed by law .	Past
Before the founding of Republic of China , the Fuzhou Tanka were generally treated by land Chinese residents as mean and inferior .	Pres
Before the 19th century , many Fuzhou Tanka practiced Taoism , worshiping Mazu , Linshui and other gods and goddesses .	Past
In addition , Rodgers oversaw the conversion of The Learning Channel into TLC and the successful launches of Animal Planet , Discovery Kids and Discovery Health .	Pres
NASA 's William H. Gerstenmaier considers the proposal as stronger than the two others .	Pres
In May 2016 , Boeing delayed its first scheduled launch from 2017 to early 2018 .	Past
By 2016 , they were hoping to fly NASA astronauts to the ISS by December 2018 .	Pres
The airbags are deployed by filling with a mixture of compressed nitrogen and oxygen gas , not with the pyro-explosive mixture sometimes used in automotive airbags .	Past
The booster for the Orbital Flight Test , an Atlas V N22 rocket , is being assembled at ULA 's facility at Decatur , Alabama .	Past
Consequentially the first unpiloted orbital mission was delayed to March 2019 , and the first crew launch rescheduled to August 2019 .	Past
Reog dance is also staged nightly on the full moon in Paseban , Ponorogo town square .	Past
The Reog dance of Ponorogo involves a lion figure known as the " " .	Pres
A single dancer , or ' , carries the heavy lion mask by his teeth .	Pres
The great mask spans over 2.5 meters with genuine tiger skin and real peacock feathers .	Pres
Historians trace the origin of Reog Ponorogo as the satire on the incompetence of Majapahit rulers during the end of the empire .	Pres
The beautiful , youthful and almost effeminate horsemen describe the Majapahit cavalry that have lost their manliness .	Pres
Reog Ponorogo displays the traditional Kejawen Javanese spiritual teaching .	Pres
Many Warok and Gemblak were massacred by Islamic groups during the anti-communist Indonesian killings of 1965-1966 , their heads placed on pikes for public display .	Past
Today the " Warok-Gemblakan " practice is discouraged by local religious authorities and being shunned through public moral opposition .	Past
The Reog Sunda performance combines comedy , joke , music , and funny comical movements and dances of the performers .	Pres
Several of her students have gone on to have successful careers , including Anda-Louise Bogza .	Past
She has also toured several times with the company , including a tour to Japan .	Past
She notably portrayed the title role in Carl Maria von Weber 's " Euryanthe " for the re-opening of the reconditioned Berlin opera house in 1986 .	Past
DOE and the Pinellas County government jointly redeveloped the site for commercial use .	Past
Portions of the subsurface soils and the shallow aquifer were contaminated with organic solvents and metals , and it was declared a Superfund site .	Past
The quest system has been refreshed with almost 3500 new quests along with new and streamlined low and mid-level quests to complement the redesigned areas of Azeroth .	Past
The glyph system has been overhauled to now have three types of glyph : prime , major , minor .	Past
Lastly , the existing talent system has been overhauled .	Past
This duty was relinquished to the former overlord of the Warsong Offensive , the Mag 'har orc warrior Garrosh Hellscream .	Past
Alarmed by the terrible losses of life among all trolls , the Zandalari tribe traveled around the world to reunite their race and rebuild their once-powerful empire .	Past
After a ferocious series of battles , Azeroth 's heroes banished Ragnaros the Firelord and his elemental minions from Mount Hyjal .	Past
Released on October 12 , 2010 , Patch 4.0.1 , titled " Cataclysm Systems Patch " , prepared the game for the changes in the upcoming expansion .	Past
As the party was illegal he was imprisoned for a while in 1934 .	Past
Their views were marginalised and ignored by the scientific community of their time .	Past
The concept of Neptunism taught by Abraham Gottlob Werner proposed that rock strata had been deposited from a primeval global ocean rather than by Noah 's Flood .	Past
A heap of strata , or a line of Hebrew , is interpreted in various ways .	Past
Due to economic mismanagement , now Intereconomía TV is asking for money in a savings account to viewers .	Pres
She is also portrayed by Julianne Moore in the 1998 version of " Psycho " .	Past
Upon arriving in Fairvale , she learns from Sam that he has not seen Marion for days ; she has disappeared .	Pres
Arbogast searches local hotels , eventually coming to the Bates Motel .	Pres
After calling to update Lila and Sam about tracing Marion to the motel , he disappears as well .	Pres
When Norman realizes what Lila is up to , he knocks Sam unconscious and runs after her .	Pres
Lila ( now Lila " Loomis " , having apparently married Sam ) protests angrily , and petitions to keep Norman locked up .	Pres
Lila angrily rebukes her daughter , and sneaks to Norman 's fruit cellar to put on her " Mother " costume .	Pres
In the process of doing so , she is murdered by the figure who appears to be " Mother . "	Past
Lila Crane / Loomis was portrayed by Vera Miles in the 1960 film " Psycho " and its 1983 sequel , " Psycho II " .	Past
Julianne Moore portrayed the character in the 1998 remake .	Past
In the Fall of 2013 , Judge Allegra co-authored ( with Daniel B. Garrie ) , " Plugged in : Guidebook to Software and the Law " .	Past
The boys basketball team competes in district 8A and is led by Coach Tim Howard .	Pres
In the 2014-2015 season the team was realigned into district 6AAA .	Past
The Flying Eagle band traveled to the 2013 Texas Charter Schools Conference in Ft . Worth on December 11 , 2013 .	Past
In an interview with VH1 's Aaron Cummins , then-bass guitarist Johnny Colt of the Black Crowes reflected on the recording process of the track :	Past
Rolling Stone mentions it among the highlights of the album , saying it is " a wintry and moving vehicular metaphor " .	Pres
For the next seven years , he freelanced at various studios , working for noted directors W.S .	Past
Walker collaborated on his 1984 autobiography " The Light on Her Face " , with his second wife Juanita Walker .	Past
The diamond-bearing gravels , covered by a layer of sterile red sand , were washed by hand in simple rotary pans .	Past
The left-over concentrate of heavy material was then carefully sorted for diamonds .	Past
The Griqua representatives walked out in a huff and the Free State proclaimed the territory theirs .	Past
From 2000 to 2001 , Hightower was CEO of Europe Online Networks , a privately held satellite-delivered interactive company based in Luxembourg .	Past
A " birket " ( artificial pond ) was lined on the inside with good cement , but needed repairs .	Past
The villagers were compelled to stock up on water at a well located at the bottom of the mountain whose village occupies the summit .	Past
Easily recommended to Lenny Breau fans and listeners wanting to discover a major guitarist . "	Past
The school prepares foreign students to undertake studies at many different fields of interest .	Pres
The center focuses on researching and addressing global water-related challenges , including water scarcity , access , quality and climate risks .	Pres
The project outlines a plan for the municipality to deliver water to all of its 14,000 residents .	Pres
In Punjab , the CWC has partnered with Punjab Agricultural University to come up with innovative solutions to reduce farmer irrigation .	Past
The Punjab Agricultural University team reports that participating farmers saved 25 to 30 percent of their normal water use by implementing the new approaches .	Past
In conjunction with subsidy reform , the CWC is also piloting water saving technologies among farmers .	Pres
The work in Mali coincides with the Millennium Villages Project .	Pres
CWC is focusing on designing irrigation and cropping systems that can be operated and maintained locally in order to provide farmers with higher-value cash crops .	Pres
Projects emphasize bringing together local partners , market forces and public-private partnerships .	Pres
Regional forms vary sufficiently in colour to cause difficulties in classification , and several subspecies have been variously identified or rejected .	Pres
Like other hornets , " Vespa velutina " builds nests that may house colonies of several thousand individuals .	Pres
The next generation of young queens disperses in the late autumn to hibernate over winter .	Pres
" Vespa velutina " opportunistically hunts a very wide range of insects , including flies , dragonflies and Orthoptera , typically capturing them by pursuit .	Past
A hornet occupies a position above a beehive as its hunting territory .	Pres
It flies about within an area of about half a square metre , scanning the direction from which foraging bees return to the hive .	Pres
Each hornet vigorously defends its hunting territory , chasing off any rivals .	Pres
However , as soon as it catches a bee it flies off and another hornet replaces it , usually within a few seconds .	Pres
People have been hospitalised in France after suffering anaphylactic shock as a result of multiple stings .	Past
In September 2013 , a beekeeper from Rasines , Cantabria documented the hornets ' presence in 2 specimens .	Past
In June 2015 , firemen pulled a nest of the hornet above a building entrance in Santander .	Past
The standards developed by CISQ enable IT and business leaders to measure the risk IT applications pose to the business and estimate the cost of ownership .	Pres
In the 1840s it was renovated in the Greek Revival architectural style .	Past
Almost a century later it was renovated again , this time in the Colonial Revival style .	Past
The house occupies a large lot on the east side of Albany between Manor and Ten Broeck avenues , just opposite 313 Albany Avenue .	Pres
They are non-contributing to the National Register listing .	Pres
The northeast parlor was also decorated in that style .	Past
At that time , the city was encouraging the restoration and preservation of its remaining colonial architecture .	Pres
Thereafter , a series of problems have shaken the credibility of Terra Encantada .	Past
Terra das Crianças ( Children 's Land ) honors the world 's future that are the children .	Pres
Unfortunately these projects were discontinued .	Past
Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies are A.M. Best rated A + ( “ Superior ” ) and specialize in providing insurance coverage to businesses across the country .	Past
Through a group of volunteers called the Special Projects Committee , employees contribute their money and time , including " work hours , " to community-based activities .	Pres
Recognized by A.M. Best Company as an e-Fusion Finalist in 2004 — a national awards program which spotlights innovative uses of technology to address insurance business challenges .	Past
Honored in November , 2001 as the # 2 Best ( Large ) Place to Work in PA .	Past
They describe themselves as “ two very different girls from very different backgrounds who were lucky to discover that they could make beautiful music together . ”	Pres
The tracks were never afforded a commercial release .	Past
" There 's a yellow one and a red one – Kirsty is a redhead and I 'm blonde , " Ayers has explained .	Past
Neither single nor album charted .	Past
He enlisted in the U.S. Navy on 12 May 1936 at Birmingham , Alabama .	Past
Promoted to aviation ordnanceman third class on 16 February 1938 , Brock was transferred to Torpedo Squadron 6 soon afterward , on 15 April 1938 .	Past
His TBD-1 , aircraft 6-T-14 , crashed into the sea , and neither Brock nor his radio-gunner , Aviation Radioman Third Class J. M. Blundell , survived .	Past
The artificial planetoid Knutz Folly has been overrun by the bizarre genetic experiments of the mad Baron Knutz .	Past
Ordained in 1951 , his first post was a curacy in Aldershot .	Past
A commission assembled by Pope Innocent IV harshly fined the monks of Lenton Priory .	Past
The building work was delayed by the Black Death .	Past
However , the restoration undertaken by the architect was viewed favourably by those who preferred the preservation of fabric rather than its replacement .	Past
The tomb of Sir Thurstan de Bower and Lady Margaret was reconstructed by the sculptor Thomas Earp of London .	Past
The chancel was reopened on 30 September 1875 .	Past
The six upper panels were filled with traceried carving .	Past
The recumbent alabaster figures are well worn but remain impressive .	Past
The ends of the pews have intricate carvings by the local , curiously named , Advent Hunstone .	Past
A new window was inserted in 1996 as a Memorial to William Newton ( 1750-1830 ) , the Minstel of the Peak .	Past
The church possesses two pipe organs .	Pres
degree in Fine Arts specialized in Film and Video at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design .	Past
Backstage " previewed in New York city at the Maysles Institute in March of 09 and in the Tibet Center in DUMBO .	Past
As of November 2012 , the video had surpassed the one million views on YouTube .	Past
Le Monde , Jeunes artistes en liberté à la Galerie d 'Aurel , Jacques Bugier , 25 / 08 / 2000	Past
They downsized their lifestyle so that they could begin investing in this new venture and they honed their skills over the years that followed .	Past
They struggled to regain the financial freedom they had previously enjoyed for a few years .	Past
They flipped their first property in 2010 , and never looked back .	Past
Real Estate Elevated helps new and less experienced flippers to minimize the risk involved by closing the knowledge gap .	Pres
Real estate industry experts teach methods and tactics pioneered and refined by Tarek and Christina El Moussa , sharing their secrets for success to up-and-coming entrepreneurs .	Pres
The boxed set was compiled and curated by Los Angeles native , Andrew Sandoval .	Past
By 1264 , the reign of Henry III was deeply troubled by disputes between the king and his nobility .	Past
The native nobility were offended by the great political influence held by these foreigners .	Past
In 1259 the baronial program of reform was further elaborated upon in the Provisions of Westminster .	Past
Receiving a papal annulment of the provisions , he reassumed control of government .	Past
Over the next two years , however , Henry 's governing deteriorated the situation once more .	Past
Montfort was prevented from attending by an accident , and he was represented by Peter de Montfort and others .	Past
At Amiens Henry argued that his right to appoint his own ministers and officials had been denied him , in violation of the royal prerogative .	Past
For his injuries he demanded a compensation of the barons of £ 300,000 and 200,000 marks .	Past
The king had violated these conditions , it was argued , when he had appointed his own chancellor and a number of sheriffs .	Past
He had also infringed the liberties of the Church , violated Magna Carta , and corrupted justice .	Past
Louis invoked the difficulties England had suffered over the previous years , and stressed the importance of a resolution .	Past
Henry summoned the feudal army , and the royal forces won an important victory at Northampton , where the younger Simon was captured .	Past
He negotiated a treaty with Llywelyn ap Gruffudd , the Prince of Wales , an act that made him unpopular with the English Marcher lords .	Past
It is structured around a dark , brooding duet between Moore playing the piano and vocalist James LaBrie .	Past
Kevin Moore spoke to a Japanese interviewer regarding the meaning behind the song :	Past
and I noticed that I was doing it a lot lately .	Past
Portnoy commented that if they had known Moore was going to leave the band , they would not have included it on the album .	Past
Jackson suggests that the addition of " Ruhe , meine Seele ! "	Pres
John Armstrong had been re-elected in January 1801 to a full term ( 1801 – 1807 ) , but resigned on February 5 , 1802 .	Past
The Legislature then proceeded to a joint ballot , and Clinton was elected .	Past
By 1264 , the reign of Henry III was deeply troubled by disputes between the king and his nobility .	Past
In 1259 the baronial program of reform was further elaborated upon in the Provisions of Westminster .	Past
Receiving the papal annulment of the provisions his emissaries had campaigned for , he re-assumed control of government .	Past
Henry summoned the feudal army , and the royal forces won an important victory at Northampton , where the younger Simon was captured .	Past
This interpretation was challenged by David Carpenter two years later , in 1985 .	Past
Here Montfort secured the support of the community of the realm for his continued reign .	Past
Edward , however , routed the younger Simon at Kenilworth Castle .	Past
He also pioneered work to demonstrate rehabilitation and release as a viable alternative for captive dolphins .	Past
For the last 40 plus years O ’ Barry has spoken about the harmful effects of captivity on dolphins at lectures and conferences around the world .	Past
The Turkish records in swimming are ratified by Turkey 's national swimming federation : Türkiye Yüzme Federasyonu ( TYF ) .	Past
The men 's 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Olympic Stadium on August 22 and August 23 .	Pres
After he passed Yon Soriano on the inside , Soriano accelerated to challenge Wariner for the pole position .	Past
Coming off the turn , Tobin regained second position and was gaining on Clement .	Past
This controversy was renewed after the Supreme Court 's decision in Kelo v. City of New London ( 2005 ) .	Past
He was renowned for his reliable memory .	Past
The women 's 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Olympic Stadium on August 22 and August 23 .	Pres
Later , he was chaplain to the Bishop of Salisbury .	Pres
He was enthroned in the Cathedral , Cape Town on 2 February 1902 , and arrived at his see shortly thereafter .	Past
Sepkoski 's listing of " Acleistoceras " in the Oncoceratida simply follows Flower ( 1950 ) and Teichert & Moore ( 1964 ) .	Pres
While addressing the regional market as a primary target market , the council also addresses the domestic travel market and international market .	Pres
• Press releases to local , regional and national media < br >	Pres
The couple decides to buy some champagne and celebrate .	Pres
Horace opens the trunk and the body of Keesler falls out .	Pres
Millie and Horace are snatched and coaxed to get into a car .	Past
They dodge the gangsters and hide in a movie theater , catching the tail end of the film with the lights coming on for a contest .	Pres
They tie and gag he and Millie .	Pres
The police arrive and take the couple back to their hotel room .	Pres
The real Duke ’ s body is stuffed into the closet .	Past
Horace discovers it as he puts his robe away , with the 50 grand in his robe pocket .	Pres
It housed Boston 's third Anglican congregation .	Past
In 1789 George Washington worshipped at the church .	Past
Following the descent down the mountain , runners reenter the Parkway and make the descent down Mill Mountain near the Mill Mountain Star .	Pres
A dramatic soprano , she was admired for both her musical and acting talent .	Past
She is best remembered for appearing in the world premieres of a number of operas by Antonín Dvořák and Bedřich Smetana .	Past
Shortly thereafter she was supposed to appear at the opera house in Teplice , but ill health prevented her from performing .	Past
The National Theatre reopened on November 18 , 1883 with a reprisal of " Libuše " with the same cast .	Past
It spun off from Legal Services of Eastern Missouri , a similar organization , in 1997 to focus on Social Security law .	Past
Gateway primarily handles Social Security Disability ( DIB ) claims , Supplemental Security Income claims , and some consumer-law cases .	Pres
The assemblies , which developed very quickly throughout eastern and northern France , numbered well over 2,000 members .	Past
Protestant and academic circles , however , disagreed with this assessment , considering the church to be a genuine Pentecostal group .	Past
According to the Protestant Federation of France , the church displayed a " classical and structured Pentecostalism , with very little contact with other churches . "	Past
Each meeting is devoted to a particular Christian practice : evangelization , prayer , Bible reading , singing , and weekly worship .	Past
The church has denied practising proselytism among Christian people .	Past
Baptism is practiced by immersion with the pastor 's approval , and is reserved for people aged over 15 years .	Past
Thus , Amiotte-Suchet opines that " the unifying spirit is much more coercive than the one in other Protestant groups " .	Pres
Between 1977 and 1988 , the Church of Besançon enjoyed significant growth , and	Past
In 1995 , estimations of church membership by the Parliamentary Commission varied from 500 to 2,000 members .	Past
Before it was dissolved in 2006 , the federation counted 35 churches .	Past
The " Direction générale des impôts " contested the religious status of the church and taxed its donations , saying " the association is devoted to proselytize .	Pres
In 1992 , the CCMM was sued twice by the church on the grounds of defamation .	Past
The association for the defense of religious freedom and conscience , , criticized the talk show for its lack of alternative viewpoints .	Past
Willaime and Poulat , among other sociologists , deemed the church 's danger was never proven .	Past
Amiotte-Suchet deemed that the pastor 's influence on the faithful was far from being as coercive as critics said .	Past
She currently resides in Tennessee .	Pres
" List of hospital ships sunk in World War I	Pres
They were sunk by either torpedo , mine or surface attack .	Past
Article four of the Hague Convention X outlined the restrictions for a hospital ship :	Past
Shortly thereafter , the submarine surfaced and gunned down most of the survivors ; only 24 were rescued .	Past
The fight was billed as Masato 's retirement fight .	Past
Jong Man Kim filled in for Sandro against Tokoro .	Past
The guitar 's role is minimized to a steady strumming pattern with sustained power chords in the chorus .	Past
The song also spawned a popular music video that scored heavy airplay on MTV .	Past
The lawyer tells Hoffman that Eve will inherit millions of dollars .	Pres
Eve is overjoyed by the news , and goes off to the Sardam estate to meet her relatives .	Past
They struggle and Hoffman holds Mac at gunpoint .	Pres
Mac quickly flees the scene , leaving Eve alone in the apartment with the body .	Pres
Still , both Sarah and Horace are convinced that Eve is the rightful heir , despite Hoffman 's antics , and accept her claim .	Past
However , Eve decides to withdraw the claim entirely and move with Sarah to Wyoming .	Pres
One day , however , Will learns that protons are , in fact , finite and do come to an end .	Pres
He then concocts several elaborate , detailed plans about how to get her to pay attention to him instead , plans which sometimes work ( i.e .	Pres
If the app is not installed on a nearby Bluetooth enabled device , the location cannot be relayed .	Past
The Government of Pakistan nationalised most church schools and colleges in Punjab and Sindh in 1972 .	Past
The Government of Sindh oversaw a denationalization program from 1985 to 1995 , and the Government of Punjab began a similar program in 1996 .	Past
The Archbishop of Karachi appoints the board and is also the ex officio chairman of the board .	Pres
Imran Masood , Minister of Education for Punjab province , congratulated the Catholic Board of Education for many years of outstanding services .	Past
He appealed for more Catholic contributions in the future , urging , the CBE to open colleges and universities .	Past
He assured the grant of a charter of recognition .	Past
Hodgson contracted a kidney problem while on service and died on 4 August 1919 .	Past
Almeida was garrisoned by Aranda , but it remained the only major fortress in Spanish hands by the close of the war .	Past
He " glided through the heart of defences with consummate ease " and was known for his " silky skills " .	Past
Niblock emigrated from Ireland to the United States in 1971 .	Past
While there he travelled home and helped Magherafelt win the 1978 Derry Senior Football Championship .	Past
That minor indiscretion deprived him of the opportunity to play for Cork , but he has no regrets .	Past
He was later advised that Nemo Rangers were a more football orientated club than Douglas and he soon transferred to them .	Past
Later that year he emigrated to America , interrupting his inter-county career .	Past
He flew home from New York to play for Derry in the 1972-1973 National Football League semi-final against Kerry in Croke Park .	Past
The " Routledge Encyclopedia of Philosophy " is edited by Edward Craig and was first published by Routledge in 1998 .	Past
341 , is housed in the paleontological collection of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science in Albuquerque , N.M ( U.S.A )	Past
He was affiliated with the Liberal Party of Canada .	Past
Young William was succeeding as a merchant at Milltown on the St. Croix River by the time he was age 22 .	Pres
The Japanese police tend to ignore them or allow them to operate freely , in the interest of free speech .	Pres
Gurhan photographed his brand ’ s national advertising campaigns .	Past
In 1932 , he enrolled in the University of Ljubljana , where he studied law for one year .	Past
In 1949 , he was sentenced to six years in prison , which was increased to 12 after the appeal .	Past
In 1976 , he rose to the position of professor of graphic technology .	Past
In 1971 , the High Court of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia nullified the sentence from 1949 , and Torkar was acquitted of all charges .	Past
Torkar 's literary opus is framed by poetry .	Past
General Alexander Taube was imprisoned and under investigation when he died of typhus in the Ekaterinburg prison .	Past
His immediate family have initially emigrated to Sweden later lived in France .	Past
Continued his work at the university starting December 1 , 1891 , to prepare for a professorship , Department of International Law .	Past
In 1914 , a few weeks before the start of the First World War , persuaded the Russian government to withdraw from the German banks .	Past
During Kasso illness , for about a year he acted as Minister of Education .	Past
It attained the status of an urban-type settlement in 1958 .	Past
The exterior is sheathed with tarpaper , and there is a simple plank door .	Past
In the 1880s , the fishing industry around Isle Royale was booming due to the relative ease of shipping goods via refrigerated rail cars .	Pres
King Sejong dispatched a diplomatic mission to Japan in 1443 , which was the 25th year of King Sejong 's rule .	Past
The Japanese hosts may have construed this mission as tending to confirm a Japanocentric world order .	Past
The agreement regularized an initial plan for mitigating the damage caused by pirates .	Past
Joseon foreign relations and diplomacy are explicitly referenced in the 1834 work .	Past
His most recent contributor column on HuffPost Brasil ( in Portuguese ) discusses the [ peace process ] in Colombia .	Pres
He enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve on 12 October 1940 .	Past
In response to public requests , Bluewater selects offshore locations , conducts environmental studies and assesses wind resources .	Pres
In addition , Bluewater selects contractors who plan connection to the grid and arrange for delivery of the energy to customers .	Pres
The company engages with local environmental , trade , union , community , and academic organizations in order to assess the needs and wants of the community .	Pres
Reid was quoted in an interview for stageleft being denied access to the stages of the world turned " entire cities into our stage . ”	Past
Created as a support piece to Amanda Palmers ' band The Dresden Dolls .	Past
Presented at the 2004 Melbourne Fringe Festival and again at the 2006 Adelaide Fringe Festival .	Past
Empire is staged in a car parked on the street with two actors in the front seat and a maximum of three audience in the back seat .	Past
It deals with issues of terrorism , racism and notions of " mateship " .	Pres
Reid and Stockton are currently pursuing their own individual artistic careers , Reid as a freelance playwright and Stockton as an independent performer & producer .	Pres
She is currently studying with Antonie Denygrova in Prague .	Pres
The following highways are numbered 435 :	Past
Completed in 1991 , Muir Commons was designed by McCamant & Durrett Architects and is known for being the first new-construction cohousing development in the United States .	Past
He also voices a Civil War teenager Albertus McCreery in the documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " .	Pres
She stepped on stage in 2003 and placed 3rd in her first competition in San Diego after 3 years of not competing	Past
However , in 1909 the Allouez Mining Company leased land to the Houghton County Traction Company to construct a sub-station and waiting at this location .	Past
A single story wing with two garage doors faces the highway .	Pres
Currently , the site conducts civilian biological research , overseen by director Vladimir Bugreyev .	Pres
Several creatures - called Zots - are scouting the tunnels , looking for the player .	Pres
To compensate the increasing difficulty of the game , the player 's running speed also increases during the game .	Pres
The map is never rendered to be completely useless , so " something " will always be shown regardless the current level state .	Past
This door sends the player back to the previous level , and is considered an obstacle , especially at black wall levels where all doors are invisible .	Pres
Doors with " cb db " symbol .	Pres
Peter then entrusts the amulet to his sister Irene , who teaches at a Chinese mission , hoping that she will complete the journey for him .	Pres
The album was licensed to EMI Arabia to distribute it in the Middle East except for Palestine where it was distributed independently .	Past
Its contemporary usage is often joking or satirical in nature , owing to its oversaturation in popular culture .	Pres
He belonged to the Trinity Church congregation , where his relative Samuel Parker ministered .	Past
He also sang in the Trinity Church choir .	Pres
Listed since 1971 in the National Register of Historic Places , Kent House is located in Alexandria in Rapides Parish .	Past
The main structure was erected in 1800 .	Past
Kent Plantation House displays original artifacts from people who worked and lived at the house during its operation .	Pres
The several outbuildings surrounding the main structure are furnished with Federal , Sheraton , and Empire pieces .	Past
The marker at the front entrance of the Kent Plantation House reads :	Pres
Rush was re-elected with 86 percent of the vote in 2008 .	Past
Rush was re-elected with 80 percent of the vote to Wardingley 's 16 percent .	Past
Rush was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Jackson was re-elected with 89 percent of the vote in 2008 .	Past
On election day Jackson was re-elected with 81 percent of the vote to Hayes 's 14 percent , while Williams received 6 percent .	Past
Jackson was again re-elected in November 2012 , but resigned from Congress the same month following ethics investigations and a diagnosis of mental illness .	Past
Lipinski was re-elected with 73 percent of the vote in 2008 .	Past
On election day Lipinski was re-elected with 70 percent of the vote to Bendas 's 24 percent .	Past
Lipinski was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Gutiérrez was re-elected with 81 percent of the vote in 2008 .	Past
Gutiérrez was re-elected with 77 percent of the vote to Vasquez 's 14 percent , while Burns received 8 percent .	Past
Gutiérrez was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and retired rather than re-election in 2018 .	Past
On election day Quigley was re-elected with 71 percent of the vote to Ratowitz 's 25 percent .	Past
Quigley was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Roskam was re-elected in 2008 with 58 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Roskam was re-elected with 64 percent of the vote to Lowe 's 36 percent .	Past
Roskam was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , and 2016 , and unsuccessfully sought re-election in 2018 .	Past
Davis was re-elected in 2008 with 85 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Davis was re-elected with 82 percent of the vote to Weiman 's 16 percent .	Past
Davis was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Bean was re-elected in 2008 with 61 percent of the vote .	Past
In March 2010 Walsh acknowledged having owned a condominium which went into foreclosure in 2008 and from which he was evicted in 2009 .	Past
Walsh was also sued by his former campaign manager for allegedly unpaid compensation , and was penalized by the U.S. House for failing to file disclosure reports .	Past
" Sabato 's Crystal Ball " rated the race as " Likely Democratic " , citing Bean 's fundraising advantage and the district 's 2008 presidential vote .	Past
In October 2010 " The Cook Political Report " rated the race as " Likely Democratic " .	Past
The final votes were tallied on November 16 ; Bean conceded that night .	Past
Schakowsky was re-elected in 2008 with 75 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Schakowsky was re-elected with 66 percent of the vote to Pollak 's 31 percent .	Past
Schakowsky was again re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Kirk was re-elected in 2008 with 53 percent of the vote .	Past
" Sabato 's Crystal Ball " rated the race as " Leans Democratic " in September 2010 .	Past
In November 2010 " The Rothenberg Political Report " rated the race as " Toss-up / Tilt Democrat " .	Past
Dold successfully challenged Schneider in 2014 to regain the seat , but unsuccessfully sought re-election in 2016 and was again succeeded by Schneider .	Past
In November 2010 " The Rothenberg Political Report " rated the race as " Republican Favored " .	Past
Kinzinger was re-elected in the new 16th district in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
Costello was re-elected in 2008 with 71 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Costello was re-elected with 60 percent of the vote to Newman 's 37 percent .	Past
Biggert was re-elected in 2008 with 54 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Biggert was re-elected with 64 percent of the vote to Harper 's 36 percent .	Past
Foster was re-elected in November 2008 with 58 percent of the vote .	Past
" Sabato 's Crystal Ball " rated the race as " Leans Republican " .	Past
In November 2010 " The Rothenberg Political Report " rated the race as " Toss-up / Tilt Republican " .	Past
Hultgren was re-elected in 2012 , 2014 , and 2016 .	Past
Johnson was re-elected in 2008 with 64 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Johnson was re-elected with 64 percent of the vote to Gill 's 36 percent .	Past
Manzullo was re-elected in 2008 with 61 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Manzullo was re-elected with 65 percent of the vote to Gaulrapp 's 31 percent .	Past
Hare was re-elected unopposed in 2008 .	Past
" Sabato 's Crystal Ball " rated the race as " Leans Republican " .	Past
In November 2010 " The Rothenberg Political Report " rated the race as " Toss-up / Tilt Republican " .	Past
On election day Schock was re-elected with 69 percent of the vote to Hirner 's 26 percent , while Schafer received 5 percent .	Past
Schock was again re-elected in 2012 and 2014 , and resigned from Congress in March 2015 following allegations regarding his use of government and campaign funds .	Past
Shimkus was re-elected in 2008 with 65 percent of the vote .	Past
On election day Shimkus was re-elected with 71 percent of the vote to Bagwell 's 29 percent .	Past
Shimkus was re-elected in the new 15th district in 2012 , 2014 , 2016 and 2018 .	Past
and was remastered and issued with additional bonus tracks .	Past
The song " Visions " is mislabeled .	Past
Despite finishing as Reserves tournament top scorer in 2009 , he hadn 't been registered for the club in 2010 .	Pres
In July 2010 he was loaned to D1 club Khimki until the end of the season .	Past
However , these numbers are often disputed as being underestimated .	Past
Almost 3,000 Americans renounced their citizenship in 2013 alone , many citing the new disclosure laws and difficulty in finding banks willing to engage in said reporting .	Past
She was particularly admired for her portrayal of the title role in Giacomo Puccini 's " Turandot " .	Past
VIA also participates in various research and development projects .	Pres
VIA is headquartered in Aarhus , but the activities are anchored on eight campuses spread across 39 locations throughout the region .	Past
VIA is organised like most universities .	Past
The rector heads the executive board together with the deans .	Pres
The faculties are serviced by a series of departments such as marketing , corporate finance , student administration etc .	Past
They are organised between the executive board and the faculties .	Past
The table below lists the various programmes , VIA offers in English .	Pres
Some of the programmes VIA is participating in :	Pres
" Java Head " was remade in a 1934 British sound film starring Anna May Wong which was released by Associated Talking Pictures .	Past
In May 2003 she portrayed the title heroine in the Czech premiere of Scott Joplin 's ragtime opera " Treemonisha " .	Past
On the concert stage , Jonášová has sung in concert with all of the major Czech symphony orchestras and recorded works for Czech TV and Czech Radio .	Past
She recently toured Japan with violinist Gabriela Demeterová and the Czech Philharmonic Collegium .	Past
These eight " qualifiers " are denoted by a Q .	Past
The Chrysander edition indicates that the work is for flute ( " Traversa " ) , and published it as " Sonata XVI " .	Pres
The institution educates bachelors following professions :	Pres
The last service ceased in December 2015 .	Past
The London to Poole / Dorset services ceased in November 2012 .	Past
The London / Glasgow service ceased in September 2012 .	Past
The Greyhound fleet consisted of 11 Irizar PB bodied Scania K114EB coaches .	Past
They are numbered in the same fleet numbering system as other FirstGroup vehicles , and also carry women ’ s names from popular American songs :	Past
In their first season , between November 2008 and July 2009 , Cabaret Red Light staged the series " " The Seven Deadly Sins " " .	Past
" , the group handed out pamphlets announcing the emergence worldwide of “ pornographic socialism . ” In the finale of their fifth show , " GLUTTONY !	Past
In other interviews , however , Gaffney has denied that Cabaret Red Light has any overtly political agenda .	Past
Written by Anna Frangiosa and Peter Gaffney .	Past
The company 's website had not been updated since 2011 .	Past
Folk singer Ramblin ' Jack Elliot sat in with NRPS for their encore — the Rolling Stones tunes " Connection " and " Honky Tonk Women " .	Past
Held by the US I Corps , this sector was just from the South Korean capital , Seoul .	Past
The biotech companies in Kalundborg collaborate as part of the Kalundborg Eco-industrial Park which forms an industrial symbiosis network .	Pres
Beatriz Villacañas 's work comprises books of poetry , short stories , articles and essays .	Pres
The democratic experiment was short-lived ; in less than ten years , King Mahendra dissolved the government in favor of the Panchayat system .	Past
In order to enforce its election guidelines , the commission employs a group of around 240,000 officials , mostly civil servants , to monitor elections .	Pres
The interim constitution further amended the body 's composition in 2006 : all five members were made under appointment of the Prime Minister .	Past
However , it was acknowledged to have helped the elections run smoothly overall .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
This constitutes each gymnast 's " prelim " score .	Pres
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
The Chrysander edition indicates that the work is for flute ( " Traversa " ) , and published it as " Sonata XVII " .	Pres
The University College translates annually for approximately DKK .	Pres
Nox Arcana once again pays homage to H.P .	Pres
The plot builds upon Lovecraft ’ s short story " From Beyond " and adds some creepy new twists . "	Pres
The screenplay concerns an American gangster living on a Greek island and a deposed King who hatch a plan to steal some crown jewels .	Pres
Nico March is being deported by the U.S. government .	Past
Nico is double-crossed by Johnny , who instead of sending him the money sends Gabby instead .	Past
The series was streamed on Crunchyroll with English subtitles on September 4 , 2009 .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
USS " John Q. Roberts " ( APD-94 ) , ex-DE-235 , was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1945 to 1946 .	Past
The ship was reclassified as a " Crosley " -class high-speed transport and redesignated APD-94 on 17 June 1944 .	Past
" John Q. Roberts " was decommissioned on 30 May 1946 and entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet at Green Cove Springs .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
Introduced on April 22 1992 , they are subject to the Russian federal law of May 7 , 2001 ( amended on May 26 , 2007 ) .	Past
One-hundred eighteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 28 .	Past
One-hundred eighteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 28 .	Past
One-hundred eighteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 28 .	Past
One-hundred eighteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 28 .	Past
One-hundred eighteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 28 .	Past
This constitutes each gymnast 's " prelim " score .	Pres
Following his stay in Belgium , he was interviewed at the UNESCO in Paris where his voice was recorded for a special broadcast for Spanish America .	Past
To honour the maestry of Juan Antonio Villacañas regarding the lira , Juan Ruiz de Torres invented a new form deriving from this one , called decilira .	Past
In the latter , Villacañas exposes the falacies underlying a great part of the predominant poetry criticism of that time .	Pres
Once the coal was ready , the side window would be sealed with clay , leaving a opening to allow the entry of air .	Past
Coal was first mined on Fredonia Mountain in 1899 , although it was considered too soft for domestic purposes .	Past
In 1904 , Douglas halted operations .	Past
At its blast furnace , the company used coke from its Dunlap operation to convert iron ore mined at its Georgia quarries into pig iron .	Pres
After the 1920s , the Dunlap Coke Ovens lay dormant for over a half century .	Past
The property , which had come under the ownership of the Bowater Corporation , was donated to the Sequatchie Valley Historical Association later that same year .	Past
With the help of hundreds of volunteers , the association cleared tons of trash from the area , and the Dunlap Coke Ovens Park opened in 1987 .	Past
The event attracts bands and fans from around the region , including the strong bluegrass community in Chattanooga .	Pres
Musicians ' names are inscribed on stone slabs on each side of the monument .	Past
One-hundred thirteen gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on August 27 and 29 .	Past
The Chrysander edition indicates that the work is for flute ( " Traversa " ) , and published it as " Sonata XVIII " .	Pres
It is quoted at length in the second movement of the ballet " Pulcinella " by Igor Stravinsky .	Past
The New Philadelphian Congregation , established by the New Philadelphia Society , planted its first colony in 1832 at Phillipsburg ( now Monaca ) , Pennsylvania .	Past
For his religious views , Leon had been exiled from Germany .	Past
The general store no longer exists .	Pres
In 1954 , then Governor Robert F. Kennon unveiled a still standing historical marker of the Germantown Colony .	Past
Pauline Jennings penned " Elisa Leone : First Lady of the Germantown Colony , " in Vol .	Past
" We are telling a part of history that 's almost been lost .	Pres
It is commonly measured in degrees per second or radians per second .	Past
The yaw rate can be measured with accelerometers in the vertical axis .	Past
The tyres distort as they rotate to accommodate this mis-alignment , and generate side forces as a consequence .	Pres
The form of the solution depends only on the signs of the damping and stiffness terms .	Pres
Canada supports Albania in its euro-integration path .	Pres
Canada 's Ambassador in Rome is accredited to Albania , while an Honorary Consulate in Tirana assists Canadian interests in Albania .	Past
Canadian imports from Albania totalled $ 6.37 million , mainly in footwear , iron and steel products , apparel and grain .	Past
Wade has carved a niche for himself in the US online gaming market since 1997 , starting his first company Spoofcom at the age of 14 .	Past
In 2007 , Wade was also honored as one of the inaugural speakers at the Login Conference in Seattle , Washington .	Past
This diplomatic mission functioned to the advantage of both the Japanese and the Koreans as a channel for developing a political foundation for trade .	Past
The mission was understood to signify that relations were " normalized . "	Past
Joseon foreign relations and diplomacy are explicitly referenced in the 1834 work .	Past
Each student in the class looks after their adopted Bluey and take turns to introduce the dog to their friends and family .	Pres
The investigation was slowed by the fact that Canada and Algeria do not share intelligence information .	Past
Thomas threw and batted right-handed .	Past
On June 12 , he was traded to the Giants with Larry Benton and Zack Taylor for Doc Farrell , Kent Greenfield and Hugh McQuillan .	Past
His averaged dipped to .276 in 1931 , while playing again for Newark .	Past
Once again , Thomas skipped a season , not playing professionally in 1939 .	Past
Following his death , he was interred at Oak Hill Cemetery in Palatka , Florida .	Past
In 1719 , King Sukjong dispatched a diplomatic mission to the shogunal court of Tokugawa Yoshimune .	Past
This diplomatic mission functioned to the advantage of both the Japanese and the Koreans as a channel for developing a political foundation for trade .	Past
The mission was understood to signify that relations were " normalized . "	Past
Joseon foreign relations and diplomacy are explicitly referenced in the 1834 work .	Past
This constitutes the " prelim " score .	Pres
Founded in 1955 , it is the world 's largest manufacturer of mechanical watch movements , producing one quarter of total global production by volume .	Past
This constitutes the " prelim " score .	Pres
This constitutes the " prelim " score .	Pres
As a correspondent , he specialized in European affairs and twice acted as an assistant correspondent in Berlin , where he worked alongside Norman Ebbutt .	Past
It was first synthesized in USSR in the 1960s and brought to mass production in the 1970s .	Past
It was prepared in a multi-step synthetic process from common hydrocarbon sources :	Past
This constitutes the " prelim " score .	Pres
The United States government has detained hundreds of men at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following the September 11 attacks and the war in Afghanistan .	Past
On January 23 , 2012 an investigation by the Department of Justice in the northern district of Virginia cleared the defense lawyers of wrongdoing .	Past
The one-for-two transitional measure will be phased out evenly across relevant sectors over three years from 1 January 2017 .	Past
However , agriculture was indefinitely excluded from the NZ ETS in 2013 .	Past
The NZ ETS is highly linked to international carbon markets as it allows the importing of most of the Kyoto Protocol emission units .	Past
The NZ ETS was reviewed in late 2011 by an independent panel , which reported to the public in September 2011 .	Past
In response , the NZ ETS was amended in November 2012 .	Past
The emissions from all sources of GHGs contribute to the overall stock of GHGs in the atmosphere .	Pres
The environmental integrity of emissions trading is depends on the setting of the cap , not the decision to allow trading .	Pres
Regulation of emissions that is applied only to one economic sector or region drastically reduces the efficiency of efforts to reduce global emissions .	Pres
The cost is imposed elsewhere in the economy , typically on consumers who cannot pass on the costs .	Past
Allocation rules varied between sectors .	Past
In general , participants who could pass on costs of the ETS , such as fuel companies , would not be allocated free units .	Past
Participants such as exporters with products that are priced internationally , would be allocated free units .	Past
From 2019 to 2029 the free allocation would have phased out at the rate of a 1 / 12 ( 8.3 % ) reduction each year .	Past
Oram viewed these changes as significantly weakening the incentives to reduce emissions and to plant carbon forests .	Past
The Sustainability Council argued that the allocation of units to industry is highly costly to taxpayers .	Past
The legislation stipulates that allocations must be reviewed no less than once every 5 years by a review panel .	Pres
This end date coincides with the end date of the Kyoto Protocol .	Pres
Free allocation of units to energy-intensive and trade-exposed activities will also be halved .	Past
From 2015 , the technical details can be summarised as :	Past
Consequently , the NZ ETS is highly linked to the international market for greenhouse gas emission units .	Past
John Boscawen of the Act Party commented that the NZ ETS was a grand experiment , without precedent in any other nation in the world .	Past
Of these units , 91 percent were ERUs sourced from former Soviet Union countries that cannot be used in the European Union ETS .	Past
NZ buyers switched from the more expensive CERS to cheaper NZUs which were traded at a record price of more than NZ $ 21 per tonne .	Past
By August 2012 , the very low European carbon prices dragged the NZU price down to $ NZ4.55 per tonne of carbon .	Past
The Labour Government predicted that the NZETS may cause petrol prices to rise by about 4 cents a litre .	Past
The companies advised that there was no distinguishable or visible impact of the NZETS on wholesale electricity prices .	Past
The strike was triggered on Saturday July 10 , a payday on which many workers were shorter in their pay than usual .	Past
The men demanded an explanation ; management refused to speak with the workers ' representatives .	Past
When it was printed in a Pittsburgh newspaper , the photo whipped up public sympathy for the strikers .	Past
Two hundred of the strikebreakers had responded by banding together in their own improvised union .	Past
It may be treated with triamcinolone in some cases .	Past
If it is caused by a systemic disease or emboli , then those conditions should be treated .	Past
and was generally well-received on release .	Past
At the time they barely knew the rudiments of instrumentation , and actually getting a band off the ground seemed unrealistic .	Past
This disappointing incident motivated the members to improve .	Past
Pohl 's work is acclaimed for its accuracy and not its artistic quality .	Past
As required by the Land Act of 1851 , a claim for Rancho Corte Madera del Presidio was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852 .	Past
After several lawsuits , the grant was patented for to the heirs of John Reed in four equal undivided parts in 1885 .	Past
She teaches at Landmark College in Putney , Vermont , and lives in Alstead , New Hampshire .	Pres
But his father pointed to Emanuel and said " no , he will be the one playing " .	Past
Constance noticed he wasn 't in school , coaxed him to return to his studies and then he was invited to return to Juilliard .	Past
In crossing musical genres of classical and jazz , he toured and performed with jazz greats such as Louis Armstrong and Al Hirt .	Past
Instead of immediately going to the first hole to continue their match , Weir and Leonard watched the Yang – Woods match on a nearby giant screen .	Past
From Romania into Hungary , then to Austria and Italy , he crossed the Alps twice by foot .	Past
These were early pioneering lunar studies in the area of guidance and trajectory .	Pres
His inspirational true story reflects tragedy , survival , and triumph of the human spirit .	Pres
" Neighbours " , " Round the Twist " and " Shock Jock " etc .	Past
He also performs in The Tom Budge Band .	Pres
Prince of Pindale ascended to the Burmese throne after his father King Thalun died in 1648 .	Past
Yongli was eventually driven out of Yunnan and fled to Bhamo , requesting Burmese alliance .	Past
The Qing , however , promptly amassed the troops into Burma to capture the last Ming prince .	Past
The Kingdom of Ava was largely plundered and Ava was laid siege .	Past
His brother Pye then staged a coup and took the throne , drowning Pindale , his chief queen , son and grandson in the river to death .	Past
By 1939 , the SH 27 designation along the present day FM 3078 had been cancelled .	Past
Bill was diagnosed with lung cancer in 1957 , which caused the breakup of the group , although he re-formed it on a couple of occasions .	Past
Pye staged a coup in 1661 , overthrowing Pindale and crowning himself King of Ava .	Past
Yongli suspected this as an assassination trick and instead ordered his armies to clash with the Burmese .	Past
However , the Chinese were largely decimated .	Past
In 1662 , the Qing armies invaded Burma and Pye Min decided to leave the last Ming Emperor to the Qing .	Past
He was ordained to the priesthood on September 21 , 1929 , at St. Patrick 's Cathedral .	Past
He erected 10 new parishes , and constructed 11 new churches and several parish centers .	Past
After the Second World War Slingsby wished to produce a high-performance sailplane to be used in the Olympic games .	Past
Due to the identical specification and the use of state of the art construction the Gull 4 emerged with very similar features to the Olympia .	Past
The wing was mounted on a narrowed pylon which faired into the cockpit canopy , reducing interference drag between fuselage and wing .	Past
Ailerons were fitted to the trailing edge over the outer ⅓ -span .	Past
Constructed entirely of wood with steel fittings the single-spar wings had plywood-covered torsion boxes forming the leading edges , and fabric covering aft of the mainspars .	Past
This aircraft succumbed to an accident in 1966 .	Past
He belonged to the highly influential right-wing tendency prominent in Argentine politics either side of the Second World War .	Past
The nature of Blekinge is characterized by its oak forests with occasional hazel and common hornbeam .	Past
As a border province , Blekinge was often raided and looted by Swedish troops during Danish – Swedish wars .	Past
In 1658 , it was ceded to Sweden according to the Treaty of Roskilde and has remained Swedish ever since .	Past
Football in the province is administered by Blekinge Fotbollförbund .	Past
Built by the French company , Société des Forges et Chantiers de la Mediterranée , at La Seyne-sur-Mer for the Société Générale de Transport Maritime Steam .	Past
The " Salta " was chartered by the British Admiralty in February 1915 and converted into a hospital ship .	Past
A huge explosion smashed the hull near the stern in the engine room and hold number three .	Past
Water rushed into the disabled ship which listed to starboard and sank in less than 10 minutes .	Past
Of the 205 passengers and crew members , nine nurses , 42 member of the Royal Army Medical Corps ( RAMC ) and 79 crew drowned .	Past
Everyone rushed to the boats , but owing to extremely bad weather and heavy seas , I understand that only three boats got away .	Past
These were swamped at once .	Past
Miss England , the stewardess , was washed near to me .	Past
I spoke to her , urging her to hold on , but she seemed exhausted .	Past
Whilst making for Havre < this looks to be a subsequent insertion >	Pres
We landed at Havre about 3 p.m .	Past
The men were all supplied with suitable clothes by the British Consul .	Past
I was discharged from hospital on April 19th and reported to the British Consul who arranged for me to leave for Southampton on Friday night .	Past
Reported myself , on Saturday morning as you know by telephone message .	Past
The electorate was abolished in 1893 and re-established in 1902 .	Past
Between 1893 and 1902 most of the seat was in the Waihemo electorate , with some in the Tuapeka or Wakatipu electorates .	Pres
In Wales , " cwm " , valley , is always preferred over the Anglicised version " coombe " .	Past
It has been recognised as a distinctive entity only since the 20th century .	Past
The congregation relocated and the church was razed .	Past
The Office of the Supervising Architect under James A. Wetmore oversaw the project .	Past
The building 's design conveys the dignity and stability of the federal government , which was particularly important during the Great Depression .	Pres
The first level is clad in large rusticated limestone blocks atop a granite base , and the upper stories are covered in smooth limestone ashlar .	Past
The rear elevation is clad in limestone , with the interior of the lightwell clad in buff-colored brick .	Past
The symmetrical principal facade faces Church Street .	Pres
It is dominated by two pediments at each end that are supported by four monumental engaged Doric columns .	Past
The interior boasts an elaborate L-shaped public lobby on the first floor .	Pres
Walls are clad in Briar Hill , Ohio , sandstone , and ceilings are coffered plaster with gold leaf .	Past
Limestone arches surround the windows .	Past
A stenciled wood ceiling , designed in the Italian Renaissance style , tops the room .	Pres
It was repainted and re-gilded in the 1970s .	Past
A fourth-floor appellate courtroom is paneled in black walnut , which was also used in judges ' chambers in the original building .	Past
Between 2002 and 2006 , the original building was renovated and the interior spaces reconfigured to accommodate the needs of the court .	Past
The eastern part of Göta Canal traverses the province from the Baltic Sea at Mem to Lake Vättern at Motala .	Pres
Today , the largest city in the province is Linköping , with Norrköping second .	Pres
Östergötland belonged to the Christian heartland of the late Iron Age and early medieval Sweden .	Past
In some parts bordering to Södermanland , a variety of the Svealand accent is spoken .	Past
Ekenäs Castle , one of the best preserved renaissance castles in Sweden , has belonged to the families Sture and Banér .	Past
Football in the province is administered by Östergötlands Fotbollförbund ( ÖFF ) .	Past
He cited the dire fate of mostly Christian Assyrians in Iraq ( compare Iraq Levies ) after the British left the former mandate .	Past
The 1870 electoral redistribution was undertaken by a parliamentary select committee based on population data from the 1867 New Zealand census .	Past
The Japanese government is currently encouraging the use of Haneda for premium business routes and the use of Narita for leisure routes and by low-cost carriers .	Pres
During World War II , both IJA and Haneda Airport shifted to almost exclusively military transport services .	Past
These planes were specially outfitted for hauling coal to German civilians .	Past
Many of these planes were decommissioned after their participation due to coal dust contamination .	Past
Several US Army or Air Force generals regularly parked their personal planes at Haneda while visiting Tokyo , including General Ennis Whitehead .	Past
US military personnel based at Haneda were generally housed at the Washington Heights residential complex in central Tokyo ( now Yoyogi Park ) .	Past
During 1964 Japan lifted travel restrictions on its citizens , causing passenger traffic at the airport to swell .	Past
Daytime international slots were allocated in October 2013 .	Past
Nine more daytime slot pairs were allocated for service to the United States in February 2016 .	Past
Although there had been discussion of completing this extension prior to the 2020 Olympics , the plan was indefinitely shelved in 2015 .	Past
Haneda suffers from airspace restrictions due to its position between Yokota Air Base to the west and Narita International Airport to the east .	Pres
The airport is bisected by the Bayshore Route of the Shuto Expressway and is also accessible from Route 1 .	Past
The mounds in Forest Park were mapped and excavated and had human remains associated with them .	Past
Today , about 80 mounds are preserved in the nearby Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site directly across the Mississippi River .	Past
The mound overlooks the Mississippi River , where Interstate 55 meets South Broadway .	Pres
A friend from school asks Ellen what she thinks it 's like that her brother and James are " like a couple . "	Pres
In order to understand the speculations that Link and James are “ like a couple , ” Ellen researches the topic of homosexuality .	Pres
Thus , Ellen concludes that being gay in a contemporary society should be accepted .	Pres
James also reveals that he has slept with other men to make Link jealous .	Pres
James chooses a school in Germany where his mother went before going to law school , and for which he got a scholarship .	Pres
They agree to break up before James leaves for Germany .	Pres
On 26 May 1917 she was torpedoed by German U-boat	Past
She was powered by quadruple expansion stream engines .	Past
On 4 October 1916 , , while heading for Salonika , was torpedoed and sunk by the German U-boat east of Malta .	Past
She was not carrying any troops but out of her 314 crew members , 12 died .	Pres
The others ( 302 ) were saved by the " Dover Castle " .	Past
" Dover Castle " was torpedoed by the German U-boat on 26 May 1917 , while north of Bône on passage from Malta to Gibraltar .	Past
The California Native Plant Society lists the plant as a critically endangered species .	Pres
The building sat unused until 1976 , at which time a restoration effort was undertaken .	Past
The steeple is accessed via a rough-hewn ladder in the anteroom .	Past
He was sacked by AC / DC singer Bon Scott several weeks after joining the group and replaced by Mark Evans .	Past
He hails from Hubballi city in the Indian state of Karnataka .	Pres
It brings the Missouri Pacific Railroad between Trinity County , Texas and Walker County , Texas .	Pres
The bridge has hardly ever swung .	Past
Its main facade faces south toward Damascus Road , and is four bays wide .	Pres
As he was still a minor , the British temporarily administered the region .	Past
He was invested with full ruling powers at Derawar Fort on 28th November 1879 .	Past
Wright avenged his defeat from the last tournament by winning his second World Series title after beating Michael Smith 11 – 8 in the final .	Past
In his senior season , he averaged 15.4 points per game and 7.8 rebounds per game .	Past
Ware averaged 12.2 points and 6.7 rebounds per game in Pro A .	Past
The Christian principle , to preserve creation , is routed in the bank 's strategy .	Past
The bank 's product range is constantly updated with sustainable products .	Past
The bank 's foundation " Kirche und Caritas " supports regional , national and international projects .	Pres
In 2018 she curated the first exhibition for Wautier and her younger brother Charles , after this enigmatic brother-sister pair had been forgotten for centuries .	Past
Anderson averaged 17.0 points and 4.5 assists per game as a junior at TCU .	Past
As a senior , Anderson averaged 13.4 points per game and finished seventh all-time in TCU scoring .	Past
Anderson posted 12 points , 1.7 rebounds and 3.6 assists per contest .	Past
The painting was engraved by J.Thornthwaite and published the following year .	Past
She is presumed to have died in 1793 as she was not mentioned again although her husband went on to appear until 1815 .	Past
In 31 games played for Aix-Maurienne , Dowe averaged 14.2 points , 5.2 rebounds , 2.4 assists and 1.4 steals per game .	Past
In 36 games played during the 2017 – 18 season , Dowe averaged 10.9 points , 3.9 rebounds , 2.5 assists and 1.2 steals per game .	Past
However , she was eventually eliminated .	Past
Martin collaborates in neuroscience research into how music training affects the brains of students receiving the training .	Pres
Judy Wheeler name is abbreviated to J.R.Wheeler when cited as the author of a plant descriptions .	Past
In 2011 they co-wrote an historical crime novel , " Double Hélice " .	Past
He speaks Arabic , English and French .	Pres
CudaText supersedes its predecessor " SynWrite " , which is not actively developed anymore .	Pres
On Windows , Python engine is shipped with the program .	Past
She belonged to the elite members of the Royal Danish Theatre between 1784 and 1827 .	Past
All known Mali revenue stamps are inscribed " Timbre Fiscal " , for general-duty fiscal purposes .	Past
The lectures were privately printed in 1921 after his death by his nephew , Eric G. Millar .	Past
In 1913 , Guthrie reviewed the evidence relating to Napoleon Bonaparte 's health towards the end of his life in an article for " The Lancet " .	Past
It was remade as a sound film of the same title in 1934 .	Past
She campaigned for child labor law , particularly interested in prohibiting the practice of using children in sugar beet fields .	Past
She lobbied legislators in Washington , D.C. on behalf of the National Consumers League .	Past
She sat on the board of directors of the Woman 's Public Service League of Denver .	Past
It connects the two sections of the A37 .	Pres
At the Seelhorst cross crosses the Südschnellweg and thus the B65 .	Pres
On the year , Brissett averaged 14.9 points and 8.8 rebounds per game in his first college season .	Past
In general , the mechanisms by which flocculating microbial aggregates hold together are poorly understood .	Past
Clay for the bricks was probably quarried from deposits on the Connecticut River bottomlands in the North Haven area .	Past
She directs in a variety of genres , including Shakespeare , new plays , and musicals .	Pres
She articulates her interest in using theatre to spark social discourse : " What is the thing that we 're not talking about ?	Pres
In 2010 , Chiang co-founded Azeotrope with her graduate school colleague Richard Nguyen Sloniker , to create theatre focusing on stories about invisible and marginalized people .	Past
The present-day Karmeliten Church was consecrated in 1660 as a votive and monastery church .	Past
The institute was relocated in 1806 from its founding place in the Neuhauser Gasse , into the building of the Karmeliten Church .	Past
After the destruction of the building during air raids by the Royal Air Force on 25 April 1944 , the institute was once again relocated in 1945 .	Past
In 1874 the , previously settled on Promenadeplatz 13 and since 1861 existing , cloth wholesale from Meyer Holzinger and Julius Heymann was relocated to Promenadeplatz 21 .	Past
In 1935 , the company was denounced for concealing the Jewish character of their company .	Past
In 1939 , he then emigrated to Switzerland .	Past
The construction was financed by the budget of the German Empire and Kingdom of Prussia .	Past
Opening of the railway triggered the economic growth .	Past
The station handled from 12 to 15 passenger trains at the week-end .	Past
Svetlogorsk-I station was electrified DC and equipped with automatic train protection in the 1970s .	Past
They resided at a 2,000 acre property known as The Cedars .	Past
He co-founded the Texas Transportation Company in 1866 , which was later absorbed by the Southern Pacific Railroad .	Past
He co-founded and served as president of the Houston Belt and Magnolia Park Railway Company , later acquired by the Missouri Pacific Railroad .	Past
He is interred at Glenwood Cemetery in Houston .	Past
The museum was shut down during the 1979 Iranian Revolution .	Past
The coalition agreement indicates that the parties intended to modify policies in relation to refugees and family reunification .	Pres
Seehofer threatened to order " national measures " and reject migrants who are registered in other EU countries .	Past
The Thurston – Pierce County line bisects the Reach .	Pres
He was capped by Scotland at schoolboy level .	Past
In the United States , the regulation of the pharmacist-to-pharmacy technician ratio is regulated at the individual state level .	Past
Some states vary the ratio by institutional ( e.g .	Pres
The ratios vary from a minimum of 1 : 2 ( e.g .	Pres
Margaret Taylor was later inducted into the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame .	Past
She hesitated to choose between music and art , for both were attractive to her , and she finally decided to become an operatic singer .	Past
Her rich contralto voice was inherited from her mother .	Past
She also sang in Paris .	Pres
In some cases , these amounted to considerable sums .	Past
She generously remitted every fine , paid her company in full , and re-engaged its best members on the spot .	Past
She also championed the relief of and prevention of cruelty to animals .	Past
His two older brothers preceded him in the barony , but both died childless .	Past
Dacre , like many noblemen of his time , pursued a military career .	Past
It is roughly bounded by Kingsland Ave . , North Dr. , Delmar Blvd . , and Eastgate .	Past
Tsumura 's writing often employs Osaka-ben , a distinctive Japanese dialect spoken in Osaka and surrounding cities .	Pres
She was wrecked in 1813 towards the end of the outward leg of a fifth voyage to India .	Past
He sailed from Portsmouth on 28 September , bound for Madras and Bengal .	Past
As " Euphrates " was sailing up the Hooghli River she grounded .	Past
" Utile " also lent her eight crew men to work " Euphrates " into dock .	Past
" Euphrates " then sailed for St Helena , Penang , and Bengal .	Past
A small naval squadron under the orders of Commodore Sir Home Popham escorted the transports .	Past
She had parted from off the Andaman Islands on 15 July ; " Northumberland " did not arrive at Calcutta until 4 August .	Past
Captain Herbert sailed from Portsmouth on 15 April 1808 , bound for Madras and Bengal .	Past
Captain Herbert sailed from Portsmouth on 14 March 1810 , bound for Madras and Bengal .	Past
After " Euphrates " struck a rock and started to take on water , she and the fifth Indiaman turned back .	Past
In the action of 3 July 1810 , the French captured " Ceylon " and " Windham " ; " Astell " escaped .	Past
Captain Philip Herbert sailed from Portsmouth on 14 July 1812 , bound for Bengal .	Past
Much of the baggage and some of the cargo was also saved .	Past
In 1946 he garnered a scholarship to study mathematics at Magdalen College , Cambridge where got his B.S .	Past
Despite her stellar play , Stjarnan missed out on the playoffs with a loss against Skallagrímur in the last game of the regular season .	Past
For the season she averaged 29.1 points , 11.5 rebounds and 8.8 assists and was named the Úrvalsdeild Foreign Player of the Year .	Past
In June 2018 , Rodriguez re-signed with Stjarnan for the 2018-2019 season .	Past
These fish are preyed on by the marine otter ( " Lontra felina " ) and the South American sea lion ( " Otaria flavescens " ) .	Past
Some old railway tracks have been uncovered during construction in Rose Hill and may be used as exhibits for a Railway Museum .	Past
Ten celebrities are paired with ten professional ballroom dancers .	Past
However , many of the same principles for manual scoring gauges discussed in this article also applies for programmed scoring gauges used in electronic targets .	Past
It is roughly bounded by Forsyth , Skinker Blvd . , Fauquier and Wydown Terrace Dr. , and University Lane .	Past
These factors contribute to her standing among the game 's least selected characters , both in casual and professional play .	Pres
The changes shaped Symmetra into a more versatile support from her reputation as a clincher built only for defense .	Past
Satya Vaswani , one of Vishkar 's star " architechs " , was spirited away from an impoverished youth and trained to create such objects .	Past
Her dialogue reflects a desire for order and aversion for overstimulation .	Pres
The character is voiced by Anjali Bhimani , an Indian-American actor who has appeared in television episodes including that of " Modern Family " .	Past
Blizzard let Symmetra 's backstory grow organically .	Past
Some Symmetra players were banned a result of " poor teamwork " complaints filed by teammates .	Past
As of 14th July 2018 , it commenced broadcasting on the Switch London 2 digital radio network .	Past
The statue was gifted by the U.S. state of Delaware in 1934 .	Past
Kamra coached the U17 national team at the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup .	Past
Kamara coached the Ivory Coast " CHAN " team at the 2018 African Nations Championship tournament .	Past
In 2011 she submitted her PhD thesis " The Herschels : a scientific family in Training . "	Pres
Winterburn writes for Astronomy Now .	Pres
He was drafted 54th overall in the 2017 CFL Draft by the Argoanuts and signed with the team on May 15 , 2017 .	Past
The statue was gifted by the U.S. state of Arkansas in 1917 .	Past
Kidston demanded greater loyalty to himself but the 1907 party convention reaffirmed the socialist objective , resulting in a split .	Past
Kidston secured some support from Labor on common issues , but the Queensland Legislative Council obstructed much legislation .	Past
The fused party revived the name Liberals .	Past
Although the product was manufactured for only a few years , it has been acclaimed for its design .	Past
The product encountered technical problems because it shared a radio frequency with other new consumer technologies including car radios and garage door openers . "	Past
Design historians Charlotte and Peter Fiell wrote that the Radio Nurse " displayed a remarkably refined synthesis of form and function " .	Pres
On 21 December 1701 , he was consecrated bishop by Francesco Acquaviva d 'Aragona , Titular Archbishop of " Larissa in Thessalia " .	Past
During World War II Wilkinson was conscripted into the Royal Army Medical Corps from 1942 to 1946 .	Past
She spoke out against what she saw as government interference in the operations and curriculum of the school system and about the standards set for school inspectors .	Past
She also spoke out about the need for research into effective methods of education in a changing society .	Past
Farsetti also financed Alberto Fortis ’ s famous journey through Dalmatia .	Past
Designed by Paolo Posi , Villa Farsetti distanced itself from the typical Venetian models to resemble in some regards Austrian tastes and anticipating neoclassical features .	Past
In fact , Farsetti himself was no mean botanist and was responsible , among other things , for introducing the magnolia into Italy .	Pres
Lorimer documented Muraikh in the " Gazetteer of the Persian Gulf " , giving its location as " 9 miles west by south of Dohah " .	Past
The Dawhat Al Khair Centre for Quran Learning and Science is positioned inside the district .	Past
Parasinilabeo assimilis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China .	Pres
Steamboat magnate Charles Morgan purchased the company and its charter in 1876 .	Past
His company commenced laying tracks with supplies delivered by his own steamship on 21 April 1876 and he started rolling trains in September .	Past
Rutgers kick the ball first , which lands on a Maine player 's head , whilst he is trying to catch it .	Pres
An unnamed man then talks about The Stein Song , and about the song 's rhythm .	Pres
He also talks about for a period .	Pres
After the explanation , the narrator then introduces Rudy Vallee .	Pres
Rudy Vallee then greets the audience and then invites the audience to sing-along to the " Stein Song " and to also follow the bouncing ball .	Pres
He commands the canoe until one of the rowers picks up a boot with his paddle and breaks the boat .	Pres
The King also ensures that each of his people has food , distributing the rice from the royal fields , cultivated by the surrounding villagers .	Pres
He was inducted on January 17 , 2000 , 16 years after the death of his predecessor Sibacouyane Diabone .	Past
The King resides in the sacred wood of the commune of Oussouye .	Pres
The term combines the two concepts of intrapreneurship and bricolage .	Pres
In his description of this jack-of-all-trades , Lévi-Strauss explains that there is no requirement for skills and tools to be highly specialized .	Pres
One of the key principles of IB is finding utility in resources commonly overlooked .	Pres
Often these assets are overlooked because they are obscured , dispersed or underutilized .	Past
He sailed on the schooner Pythian , investigated the accident , and determined that fire was the cause of the sinking .	Past
The ship was repaired in a sand berth at the Round Hill ( Dartmouth , Massachusetts ) estate of Edward Howland Robinson Green .	Past
Each player is dealt ten cards , except for the dealer who receives eleven .	Past
He then reveals his hand as in a rummy call and announces his deadwood score .	Pres
Before a game begins , each player contributes five chips to the pot ( " Pot " or " Pulle " ) .	Pres
The band embarked on an international month long tour in April 2016 in support of the album .	Past
The Tide posted the biggest margin of victory in the rivalry in 1931 , whopping the Tigers by a margin of 74 – 7 .	Past
The Tide emerged with a 34 – 10 victory .	Past
The teams squared off in the 2016 College Football Playoff National Championship in Glendale , Arizona , with Alabama emerging with a thrilling 45 – 40 victory .	Past
Clemson blew out Alabama 44 – 16 in that meeting , to win their 3rd title , and their 2nd in 3 years .	Past
The Department of Agriculture Division of Chemistry was authorized succeeding the enactment of the United States agricultural legislation .	Past
The Department of Agriculture Chemistry Division authored an agricultural bulletin first appearing in 1883 .	Past
The agricultural chemistry publication sustained three decades of print production before being discontinued in 1913 .	Past
Sedwick 's family later filed a lawsuit in relation to her death .	Past
At one point , Rebecca was hospitalized for three days as a result of her actions .	Past
Her mother also deactivated her social media accounts and took away her mobile phone .	Past
When the episode was released on public television , Talley noticed that she was on the bombardment of harassment .	Past
Although people take legal action , it doesn 't help all the time .	Pres
Due to mining activity in the area ceasing at the end of the 19th century , no additional remains have been recovered since .	Past
Most of these specimens were recovered from mining dumps near Grünbach am Schneeberg in lower Austria .	Past
His first two children , Ronald and Larry , were birthed by his wife Shirley .	Past
During his time in Mexico , he was treated for his depression and was given medication .	Past
Williams was drafted into the army from 1942 to 1945 .	Past
Grim and dreary , it " haunted him the rest of life . "	Past
Bill , he enrolled at the Brooklyn Museum Art School in 1951 .	Past
His grandfather , who was from the Danish West Indies , spoke well of the country ; thus , Williams used the money to travel to Denmark .	Past
In February 1966 , his newer works were exhibited at the Noa Noa Gallery in Copenhagen , Denmark .	Past
He traveled back and forth to the United States as he had shows there as well .	Past
After a year , Williams couldn 't take it any longer and told his wife to take him " home , " meaning Denmark .	Pres
Named in honor of U.S .	Past
Gilois co-wrote the screenplay for the HBO television movie , " Bessie " ( 2015 ) with director Dee Rees and Christopher Cleveland .	Pres
She also writes for the Huffington Post in the Arts and Culture section .	Pres
She first exhibited at the Royal Academy in London in 1898 .	Past
During her career she exhibited some twenty-two pieces in total there .	Past
In 1914 McCrossan exhibited views of Venice at the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts in Paris .	Past
After a struggle , Scott-Siddons secured an engagement and made her professional debut at Nottingham , in 1866. as Portia in " The Merchant of Venice " .	Past
Her work was characterized by vast intelligence and clearness of interpretation .	Past
He , however , advised on account of her extreme youth that this be deferred for a few years .	Past
Her 8 April 1867 performance as Rosalind was thus noticed in the " Daily Telegraph " ( April 10 , 1867 ) : —	Past
She resumed the name " Volunteer " and after a voyage to Martinique she traded between London and Bordeaux .	Past
" Utile " also lent her eight crew men to work " Euphrates " into dock .	Past
On 17 October " Utile " recaptured the transport " Carr " , for which she received salvage money .	Past
Between March and September she was fitted to lay in Yarmouth Roads .	Past
She had been almost rebuilt in 1814 .	Past
She then traded between London and Bordeaux .	Past
He averaged 12.0 points and 4.7 rebounds per game playing alongside Malik Newman .	Past
As a sophomore , Weatherspoon averaged 16.5 points and 5.1 rebounds per game .	Past
As a junior , Weatherspoon averaged 14.4 points , 6.0 rebounds and 3.3 assists per game and started every game .	Past
He later opted to withdraw from the draft and return to Mississippi State .	Past
Ho is linked to Ho Bugt .	Past
Sadly the bothy was demolished in 1991 , for reason of continual graffiti .	Past
On August 11 , 1914 the organisation was ratified with suitable Regulations of the Committee by Her Imperial Highness Grand Duchess Elizabeth Feodorovna .	Past
The organisation was funded by government subsidies , appropriations of local organisations of zemstvos and cities , and donations from private individuals .	Past
Scored for piano , violin , viola , and cello , Walton later revised the work in 1921 , 1955 , and 1974-1975 .	Past
Morgan averaged 2.4 points and 2.1 rebounds per game as a freshman .	Past
He averaged 16.5 points and 7.4 rebounds per game as a junior .	Past
Like her four siblings , she was conceived through an egg donor and a surrogate mother .	Past
Research has uncovered more than 40 coal shafts and at least ten quarry sites .	Past
The was donated in June 1920 by Sir Norman Rae .	Past
Written records for deciding the space and borders of the allotments lists the site as being " North Cliff Woods " .	Pres
During the Second World War , crops were grown in the park by Land Army girls for the war effort .	Past
Three vessels of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS " Utile " .	Past
He matriculated the following March and in so doing won two-years ' free tuition at Sydney University , later extended by another year .	Past
He also excelled at athletics and was a leading oarsman and member of the Balliol crew at the Henley and Oxford races .	Past
Henderson was spending much of his spare time at the Adelaide Club .	Pres
He was cared for over the course of 20 years by his niece Elsie Henderson , who lived next door to his " cozy villa " .	Past
During the Allies push out of the Normandy bridgeheads , Operation Goodwood and the liberation of Caen were undertaken in July 1944 .	Pres
The majority of the soldiers interred in the cemetery date from these attacks .	Past
There Comes Papa is an 1893 painting by the Indian artist Raja Ravi Varma .	Pres
The painting focuses on Varma 's daughter and grandson , looking towards the left at an approaching father .	Pres
Due to shifting morals and new laws ( such as the Malabar Marriage Act ) , the once polyandrous and matrilocal system of kinship were redefined .	Past
The painting depicts Raja Ravi Varma 's daughter holding her child in the central frame .	Pres
The painting gathers the viewer 's focus and evokes investment through participation , while showing elements of Ravi Varma 's imagination and European influence .	Pres
For others the painting simply depicts an upper-class Nair woman in a domestic Kerala setting .	Pres
According to Arunima , for the audience of the late nineteenth century , the scene carries more meaning .	Pres
The nuclear family depicted acts as a call for the end of matrilineality .	Past
Varma 's inclusion of women yearning for their husbands signified a new emotional investment between spouses .	Past
The set of paintings were displayed in the ethnography section rather than the fine arts section .	Past
This was widely publicized in Indian newspapers at the time , though later critics criticized the racial patronization at the exhibition .	Past
Currently , the painting is displayed at Kowdiar Palace in Thiruvananthapuram .	Past
On 20 June , people in Abadan gathered in front of the water and sewage system offices and protested undrinkable water .	Past
Hundreds of people in Abadan again protested the lack of clean water in front of the Governor 's office .	Past
The protesters chanted against the Governor and authorities responsible for the city 's supply of water .	Past
The fire was fueled by dry vegetation and was driven by red flag conditions , including high temperatures , gusty winds and low humidity .	Past
By the end of the day , the fire had burned and caused mandatory evacuations in the area .	Past
By the morning of July 2 , the fire had grown to .	Past
By the morning of July 3 , the fire had burned an additional , reaching .	Past
On the Fourth of July , the fire had grown to threaten 1,500 structures and was 27 percent contained .	Past
By the evening , mandatory evacuations along Highway 16 and County Road 53 to Highway 128 were lifted .	Past
All evacuation advisories were lifted on July 5 , and mandatory evacuations moved to areas west of Highway 16 .	Past
All evacuated areas were reopened by July 10 .	Past
As of July 12 , the fire has burned a total of and was 92 percent contained .	Past
The responsible party was cited under code 4421 for " burning of lands of another . "	Past
The County Fire burned in rural areas of Northern California , impacting primarily rural natural areas and areas with low populations .	Past
The individual ( s ) responsible were cited under Public Resource Code 4421 for " burning of lands of another . "	Past
A typical performance lasts 8-9 minutes .	Pres
The work was originally conceived for solo piano , although Chopin soon after arranged it for two pianos .	Past
The constituency encompasses Hossainpur and Kishoreganj Sadar upazilas .	Pres
Sayed Ashraful Islam was re-elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election .	Past
It was originally sung by the American soul singer Jimmy Helms , and the track was arranged by Mike Moran .	Past
The single first charted in February 1973 , and it peaked at No .	Past
The constituency encompasses Khulna City Corporation wards 1 through 15 , and two union parishads of Dighalia Upazila : Aronghata and Jugipole .	Pres
Ahead of the 2008 general election , the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census .	Past
The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency .	Past
On March 21 , 2018 , several drug vendor sourcing subreddits were shut down , including / r / RCSources and / r / DarkNetMarkets .	Past
The shipment , from a post office box in Ogijares ( Granada ) , pointed to the existence of a criminal structure based in that Spanish province .	Past
700,000 euros was laundered through Hawala networks .	Past
Knight and Richards collaborated to compose the program 's theme song , " The Moment We Met " .	Past
Replacement of lacework was undertaken with a loyalty to the original style .	Past
The two storey wing facing Lambie Street retains its original rolled iron roof and Georgian style 12 paned windows .	Pres
As a group they collectively exhibit valuable sandstone architecture which provided an outstanding entrance to one of the most interesting historical and architectural streets of Cooma .	Pres
The Royal Hotel conveys at once a sense of history of the development of domestic architecture of the area and a very handsome piece of streetscape .	Pres
Its first floor has been altered and new windows on the upper floors have compromised the building 's design integrity however .	Past
She sat there until May to October 1801 , when she underwent fitting .	Past
" Utile " sailed from Gibraltar on 5 November with £ 27,000 pounds for the payment of the garrison at Minorca .	Past
It demonstrates the displacement of local Aboriginals and the disruption of their use of their mountain pathway network .	Pres
The quality , extent and diversity of the prehistoric archaeological remains in this place are not well understood at present .	Past
Their history was documented by the biographer Andrew Lycett in his book " From Diamond Sculls to Golden Handcuffs " ( published 1998 ) .	Past
The original design of the station was attributed to John Whitton .	Past
In 1912 a signal box was erected on the Cooma platform , replacing the original interlocking system , and the line was extended to Nimmitabel .	Past
The roof is gabled and clad with painted corrugated iron and features a central transverse gable .	Past
Major modifications were undertaken during the 1920s and the 1960s , the latter owing to increased activity during construction of the Snowy Scheme .	Past
The signal box was erected on the platform in 1912 and is a small scalloped weatherboard building with a corrugated iron pitched gable roof .	Past
It was relocated to the platform prior to 1949 and is thought to have been originally a waiting room at a small unattended station .	Past
The roof is clad in corrugated iron .	Past
The institute hall has exposed brick piers , asbestos cement sheet cladding , and a corrugated iron roof .	Past
This trend is demonstrated at Cooma .	Past
The Cooma Railway Station precinct retains its ability to demonstrate 100 years of rail which sets it apart from other railway sites in NSW .	Pres
The increasing and decreasing importance of rail as a mode of transport can be interpreted through the evolution of the site .	Past
Those working on the Snowy Scheme depended on the railway and during construction the railways were one the largest employers in the region .	Past
The station building at Cooma demonstrates interesting architectural features peculiar to Victorian railway buildings as well as the evolution of requirements over ten decades .	Pres
Many items and areas demonstrate the railway 's philosophies of relocation and reuse , railway customs and practices and the railway lifestyle .	Pres
The development and fluctuations of a rural railway station are illustrated at Cooma .	Past
In 2015 , Anna Wintour let Barber-Way model Yves Saint Laurent in " Vogue " s September issue , shot by David Sims .	Past
The season commenced on 14 April with the Spanish round at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya , and will culminate on 13 October in Germany at the Estering .	Past
Steve Volders was crowned the TouringCar champion on 18 August 2018 after champion-elect Sivert Svardal was disqualified from the final round in Höljes .	Past
In 1979 William Empson was knighted and Hetta became Lady Empson .	Past
The schools , including Indiana Virtual School , have been criticized for low graduation rates and high student-teacher ratios .	Past
Ashley teamed up with Shenay Perry and lost in first round to Iveta Benešová and Renata Voráčová .	Past
N 'dala and other orphaned children are rescued and taken to Luanda , Angola 's capital by a missionary nun .	Past
" Smoked Out Music : Greatest Hits	Past
Smoked Out Music : Greatest Hits is a compilation album by hip-hop group Three 6 Mafia .	Past
David drops out of medical school and learns what life isn 't really like .	Pres
The constituency encompasses Dhaka South City Corporation wards 23 through 33 , 35 , and 36 .	Pres
Ahead of the 2008 general election , the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census .	Past
The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency .	Past
Following their introduction the GSR resumed rebuilding the 101 class with the Z-type superheated boiler .	Past
Between 1969 and 1974 , he undertook the study of theology at the University of Trier and the University of Regensburg .	Past
Genn was ordained a priest on 11 July 1976 in Trier by Bishop Bernhard Stein .	Past
He was consecrated a bishop in the Cathedral of Trier on 30 May 1999 and was charged as vicar for the Visitation District of Saarland .	Past
He was enthroned in the diocese on 6 July 2003 .	Past
He was enthroned in the diocese on 29 March 2009 .	Past
Moreover , the eagle relates to his Latin episcopal motto , , which is taken from .	Pres
The statue was gifted by the U.S. state of Tennessee in 1931 .	Past
Picanova 's sales in 2014 amounted to 17,9 million euros , with a profit of EUR 1.1 million .	Past
Roof then enrolled at St. Catharine College , to play college baseball for the Patriots baseball team .	Past
He batted .247 with a .333 SLG , 1 home run , and 9 RBIs .	Past
Roof was drafted by the Tigers again , this time in the 18th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball draft .	Past
The volume was edited by Christopher Kelly and Eve Grace .	Past
The statue was gifted by the U.S. state of Montana in 1959 .	Past
Windows NT ) and newer platforms ( Linux , Windows 10 ) .	Pres
This ensures that attached data objects are not modified , which would negatively impact digital forensic preservation .	Pres
At the time , scientific research in China was poorly funded , and his research was limited by primitive facilities and supplies .	Past
He considers Wang Yinglai , the founding director of the Shanghai Institute of Biochemistry , his role model .	Pres
The Hitman Blues Band resumed touring in the UK , but brought over the entire American band without the female backup singers .	Past
Kwanza sits at an average elevation of , above sea level .	Pres
As of June 2018 , Kwanza Constituency lacked a tarmacked road , with residents using donkeys to " transport produce from farms to markets " .	Past
No official music video exists for the song .	Pres
Avião was crowned as the winner of Miss Angola 2018 in a national finale held at Luanda .	Past
In 2014 he defended his title , winning the championship with three rounds to spare , during which he won ten races in a row .	Past
Márquez equalled the all-time Grand Prix record for pole positions at the age of 23 in 2016 .	Past
Márquez secured the 2016 title with three rounds to spare at Motegi , before sealing the title at Valencia in 2017 .	Past
He also secured the 2018 title with three rounds to spare at Motegi again .	Past
His most successful circuit is Sachsenring where he has won nine times .	Pres
The next day , more ballots were counted which narrowed Herrell 's lead , and media organizations rescinded their projections .	Past
Competing alone for MORENA , García garnered 26.39 percent of the vote , finishing third behind candidates Héctor Yunes Landa and winner Miguel Ángel Yunes Linares .	Past
On 23 September 1685 , he was consecrated bishop by Francesco Nerli ( iuniore ) , Cardinal-Priest of San Matteo in Merulana .	Past
A cobbler called Yakov and his wife Olga are frightened that their gravely ill son Mikhhail is dying .	Past
They hear about a man of healing who lives in the last house of their village and Yakov goes to him for guidance .	Pres
The distressed cobbler begged him to try yet one more time .	Past
During this time he contemplated suicide but was inspired when he saw a woodchat shrike .	Past
In his memoirs Dathe downplayed his association with the Nazi party .	Past
His grave in Friedrichsfelde is specially honored by the city of Berlin .	Past
Starting on 1 July 1955 , plates were manufactured in the format aaa-nnn with white text on a black base .	Past
On 28 September 2001 , the last plate with green text was manufactured — 999 · GKJ .	Past
The first of the new maroon plates were manufactured on 14 November 2001 .	Past
In July 2014 , when the combination 999 · TZZ was reached , the 000-UAA to 999-UZZ series were skipped , recommencing from 000 · VAA .	Past
The U-series plates are reserved for large trailers and special applications , such as the limited edition " Queenslander !	Past
As of October 2012 QG plates have moved to the Sunshine State slogan starting from QG-KA01 .	Past
7-letter combinations are auctioned off from time to time and for limited periods between 2007 and 2009 , PPQ made 7-letter combinations available for sale online .	Past
Queensland plates are manufactured by LicenSys in Brisbane .	Past
Now updated in 2017 to a plain all white on black with square border on A character .	Past
The college is affiliated under Srimanta Sankaradeva University of Health Sciences .	Past
This combined with the opening of the railway from Melbourne to Gippsland in 1877 spelled the ultimate demise of the coastal shipping to Port Albert .	Past
By the time of Federation in 1901 , all Australian colonies had enacted legislation restricting Chinese immigration .	Past
These policies were progressively dismantled between 1949 and 1973 .	Past
However , by this time , the war in France was dragging on and restrictions were being relaxed and Thomas William Ah Chow was accepted .	Pres
He sailed home from England to Australia on-board the " HMAT A-38 Ulysses " on 18 January 1919 .	Past
The community welcomed him with a civic reception at Mossiface on 26 March where he was presented with a small gold medallion .	Past
He was later medically discharged from the Army on 19 June 1919 .	Past
Like many men of his generation , Bill Ah Chow rarely spoke of his wartime experiences .	Past
After unloading his packsaddles , Bill often let both his horses roam free to make their own way home back down to Bentley 's Plain .	Past
The work entailed removing trees with explosives and dragging the stumps with his Clydesdale work horses .	Past
The horses also pulled a heavy plough to break out the formation , dragged a grader to shape the surface and moved sections of concrete culvert pipe .	Past
The nearby Washington Winch was imported into Australia in 1920 and moved to its present site by local sawmilling company Ezards in 1959 and operated until 1961-62 .	Past
Mt Nugong sits at an elevation of 1482 m , about 3 km from Bentley ’ s Plain .	Pres
Bill often boasted about his eagle eyesight but also complained that the Forests Commission wouldn 't issue him binoculars .	Past
Bill 's quick wit and humour prevailed and his hut retained its quirky name .	Past
He was knighted at Touraine in 1513 and was Chamberlain of North Wales in 1520 .	Past
Joshua was recruited by Rip Scherer , then head football coach at the University of Memphis .	Past
The second season the Eagles notched a win in the GMAC Bowl .	Past
Nicholls State shocked the football world in 2007 when the FCS Colonels knocked off FBS opponent Rice Owls 16-14 .	Past
After the 2010 season , Eargle notched a career total of 10 players earning first-team all-conference and 17 players earning an all-conference award .	Past
The college is affiliated under Srimanta Sankaradeva University of Health Sciences .	Past
Peyote Way sued in 1980 , arguing that the exemption applying to the NAC but not them violated various constitutional rights of the church .	Past
It then looked at the claims of inequality with the Native American Church 's peyote exemption .	Past
The Peyote Way Church of God still exists and offers " spirit walks " to the public in order for them to take peyote .	Pres
The church no longer faces legal action .	Pres
These birds are grouped as marine and costal birds , freshwater birds and terrestrial birds and then taxonomically .	Past
While the Chris Watson review was critical of the written bird sounds this review thought they had been done very well .	Pres
Donna Lynn Schulman reviewed this Guide for " 10,000 Birds " and at the same time compared this guide to the most popular existing Australian bird guides .	Past
The reviewer preferred the Guide because of the “ currency of information , denseness of text , and quality and quantity of illustrations .	Past
This review looked at the following guides in its review :	Past
It burned a total of , before being contained on July 2 .	Past
The fire impacted traffic on Highway 26 , Highway 4 and the community of Milton .	Past
Upon discovery , the fire had burned of grassland .	Past
The fire tripled in size within an hour , with air support being called in by CALFIRE .	Past
By the evening , the fire had grown to and 65 percent containment .	Past
Evacuation and road closures were lifted .	Past
He immigrated to the United States through Ellis Island in 1916 , at the age of 9 .	Past
The TBS Television network televised the show live from the New National Theatre Tokyo in Tokyo .	Past
Awarded by the Japan Composer 's Association	Past
About to compromise on a deal with Kelantan FA early November 2014 , the transfer was cancelled by Air Force United at the last minute .	Past
A current project PROMO supports , with MTUG , is the Transgender Memorial Garden in St. Louis .	Pres
Glasswing addresses the root causes of poverty and violence in communities through education and health programs .	Pres
It implements community-based initiatives that bring institutions and people together through joint action .	Pres
Its work is rooted in community engagement .	Past
The organization believes that quality education for children through community schools can reverse the impact of poverty and violence .	Pres
In January 1980 , the FOA to FPZ blocks from trucks were allocated to cars before reverting from KOA-050 onwards .	Past
Combinations between PKG-050 and QMK-999 were allocated to the then optional " New South Wales " legend between March 1989 to September 1996 .	Past
NSW plates attracted the following slogans , usually located at the bottom of the plate :	Past
This aa-nnnn format was reallocated to personalised plates for cars and later , trailers .	Past
Prior to full use , these combinations in the 2000 to 4999 blocks were reserved for personalised use .	Past
By the 1960s cancelled blocks were reissued once it reached FZ-999 .	Past
In 1966 it overflowed from GA-000 onwards ( Registration certificate showing GP-404 issued in February 1967 ) .	Past
A number of Sydney bus operators still recycle old plates including Forest Coach Lines and Punchbowl Bus Company .	Pres
This practice has since ceased as the Road and Maritime Services has insisted all old plates need to be remade into the current base .	Past
Coloured on white : AAA · nnn AAA · nnA AA · nnn AA · nnnn nn · AAA nn · AAAA nnn · AAA cccccc	Past
It dealt with all metallurgical and chemical problems affecting work in the yard , and later it concerned itself with Naval aircraft problems from further afield .	Pres
Founded in Kaunas , Lithuania , the company was originally named Hosting Media .	Past
In 2014 , Hostinger services were localized in 39 countries and a company in Brazil , together with a new brand – weblink.com.br , was established .	Past
The contract lasts from January 1 , 2017 , until December 31 , 2020 .	Pres
The minister administers the portfolio through the Ministry of Primary Industries .	Pres
This island was eventually eroded and rudist reefs generated an atoll or atoll-like structure , covering the former island with carbonates and thus a second carbonate platform .	Past
Wōdejebato 's slopes descend rather steeply until , at depth , where they become more gentle , they are decorated with forms resembling cones and channels .	Pres
The crust underneath these seamounts tends to subside as it cools , and thus the islands and seamounts sink .	Pres
About eight hotspots have generated a large number of islands and seamounts in that region , with disparate geochemistries .	Past
Wōdejebato has been evaluated as a possible mining site for its mineral deposits .	Past
Tectonic evidence indicates that Pikinni formed at the same time as Wōdejebato , while the northern parasitic cone may be less than 80 million years old .	Pres
Erosion and subsidence lowered the volcanic pile until seawater flooded it and marine sedimentation commenced .	Past
Environmental conditions on the platform were characterized by tropical influences .	Past
Some of the dissolved aragonite has precipitated again in the form of calcite , and sediments have partially filled cavities within the carbonate rocks .	Past
During the war he was drafted into the frontline and was injured in the lower left leg leading to its amputation .	Past
He coined the word flehmen in 1930 for the characteristic displays of big cats and several other mammals .	Past
Prior to the mid 1970s , the role was essentially filled under the title Vice presidents of Programs .	Past
Data exfiltration occurs when malware and / or a malicious actor carries out an unauthorized data transfer from a computer .	Pres
The technique chosen depends on a number of factors .	Pres
Operationally the need for the class has subsequently been questioned and speculation has arisen that it was to use up surplus type 60 boilers .	Past
The original Stainsby House was demolished in 1972 .	Past
In 2013 , Prima Taste Laksa LaMian and Prima Taste Curry LaMian were rated No .	Past
The specific epithet ( " holtzei " ) honours the collector of the type specimen .	Pres
The ghostly beard orchid grows with grasses in forest and woodland in the northern Kimberley region of Western Australia and on Melville Island in the Northern Territory .	Pres
The story of " Warriors Orochi 4 " is depicted in a set of 70 missions , spread out over 5 chapters .	Past
As it turns out , these forces from the Kingdom of Wu were also transported into this world through a mysterious purple mist .	Past
Meanwhile , Odin manages to use his power to transform the comatose Shuten Doji back to the God of Destruction , Orochi X .	Pres
Separately , the original Serpent King , Orochi , was also revived , and the two Orochis proceed to engage each other in combat .	Past
Before Ares is killed , however , he is saved by the Coalition Army .	Past
However , before his plans come to fruition , he is suddenly betrayed by Loki .	Past
The game adds five new original characters :	Pres
His moves is identical to that by series antagonist Orochi , excepting a selection of attacks that depict him as a joke character .	Pres
He is voiced by Kohei Fukuhara .	Past
During the Allies push out of the Normandy bridgeheads , a key target was the taking of Caen .	Pres
She then pursued a career in film , hiring an agent and reviewing scripts .	Past
Olde produces films through her own production company , Black Bicycle Entertainment and in 2017 she was featured in Variety Magazine 's Women 's Impact Report .	Pres
He supervised a team of monks to rebuild the abbey , including the east window in dalle de verre in the Blessed Sacrament Chapel .	Past
He collaborated on several listed churches with notable 20th century architect Gerard Goalen and artist Steven Sykes .	Past
This church was reordered in 1964 and at that time a dalle-de-verre screen by Dom Charles Norris was added .	Past
Historic England highlights the screen in its listing noting how Dom Charles Norris 's work in this material " became well-known and influential " .	Pres
Anderson has spoken before the " United Nations Working Group on Indigenous People " and was also the chair of the National Aboriginal Community Controlled Health Organisation .	Past
Together with Rex Wild QC , she co-authored the " Little Children Are Sacred " report in 2007 into child abuse in the Northern Territory .	Past
In the 1890s Dickenson travelled through Australia , India and South Africa ; she wrote articles and took photographs for " The Adelaide Advertiser " newspaper .	Past
Emily Hobhouse , a British welfare campaigner , drew on Dickenson 's writings as evidence for her work to improve conditions in South Africa .	Past
The cabaret soon attracted a group of poets and writers such as Georg Heym Erich Unger , Ernst Blass and Else Lasker-Schüler .	Past
Corbier authored several songs , including " Le Nez de Dorothée " in 1986 .	Past
He authored his autobiography in 2012 .	Past
Corbier resided in Evreux , where he died of cancer on 1 July 2018 , aged 73 .	Past
Common Grains promotes Japanese food and culture and has an emphasis on rice and grains .	Pres
Instead , at the age of 16 he enrolled in the in Algiers where won the first prize in harmony the following year .	Past
At the outbreak of World War I , Valsien rejoined the army as a nurse and was stationed at Barlin in northern France .	Past
This mill , subsequently known as the Netherby Roller Flour Mills , was burnt down in 1920 .	Past
The milling company exported flour to the U.K. Malaya , Borneo , Indonesia , the Middle East and North Africa through Aden .	Past
It also supplied a large domestic market .	Past
In 2010 , a whisky and chocolate factory , Corowa Whisky and Chocolate , commenced out of the former flour mill .	Past
As at 1 July 2004 , the former Corowa Flour Mill was acknowledged as a landmark in the district .	Past
In the liver , aflatoxin B is metabolized to aflatoxin B exo-8,9-epoxide by the cytochrome P450 enzymes .	Past
Although officially operating from June 1941 , the first internees were marched into Cowra nearly four months later , on 15 October 1941 .	Past
By December 1942 over 2,000 mainly Italian , prisoners and internees were housed in the camp .	Past
At 2 am on 5 August 1944 the Japanese prisoners staged an outbreak , during which over 300 escaped outright and over 250 died .	Past
18 buildings were burnt to the ground .	Past
This has often overshadowed the experience of the Italian , Javanese and assorted other ethnic groups which populated the camp during its operation .	Past
The camp generally exists in a cleared setting although there has been considerable tree growth in and around many of the structural remains .	Pres
It comprises four walls constructed from a variety of materials including stone rubble , salvaged bricks and concrete blocks .	Pres
Few of the former facilities survive to any great extent above ground level .	Pres
The site is not well preserved , with few of the original features remaining above ground .	Past
The Cowra POW camp-site exists within a landscape that is both evocative and aesthetically pleasing .	Pres
Finally , the events which occurred at the site have initiated a profound impact on the form and cultural activity of Cowra in the post-war years .	Past
" Basnig " or " Balasnig " are lift nets operated by a large outrigger boat called " Basnigan " .	Past
They utilize a large bag net suspended directly below or beside the ship .	Pres
It is shaped like a square and is baited .	Past
" Bintol " are usually lowered to the bottom of inland waters , at depths of .	Past
" Panak " can be lowered to extreme depths of .	Past
In contrast to the shallow-water " salambáw " , they are only lowered and raised around ten times a night .	Past
The nets are lifted by means of counterweights , with the fish collected by long hand nets .	Past
A verandah to front of courthouse has paired timber posts which are fairly plain .	Past
Doors to smaller wings on either side have etched glass panels .	Past
Jacob Fishbeck Jr. farmed the property until 1868 when he sold it to William R. Geer .	Past
The house is clad with weatherboard , and sits on a stone foundation .	Past
El Greco relocated to Toledo in 1577 .	Past
This move signified the beginning of his vital role in the Spanish Renaissance movement .	Past
El Greco hoped to become a reputed and well-represented artist in Spain if he could be recognized by King Phillip II .	Past
The painting 's angular and schematic quality reflects El Greco 's constant ties to his Byzantine roots .	Pres
The thornless roses allude to a part of nature which is often used to reflect the relations between God and Christ , one that has no imperfections .	Pres
It is displayed , however , in the Museo De Toledo .	Past
Afterwards , El Greco relocated to Toledo in 1577 , and this move signified the beginning of his vital role in the Spanish Renaissance movement .	Past
Royal patronage would have ensured a secure transition to Spain , and could possibly have helped him to move to a metropolis like Madrid .	Past
Without being melodramatic , El Greco manages to convey pathos in his ecclesial renderings .	Pres
His tendency to stretch out his figures is amplified in his altarpiece works .	Past
Rail services to Woodstock ( and other stations on the line ) were suspended in .	Past
The adjacent residence ( no longer owned by State Rail ) adds to the completeness of the site .	Pres
This item is assessed as historically rare .	Past
This item is assessed as scientifically rare .	Past
This item is assessed as arch .	Past
This item is assessed as socially rare .	Past
Between five and fifteen dull green flowers with red or purple markings , long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall .	Past
The imperial beard orchid grows in grassland and grassy woodland or forest between Cooktown and Herberton in north Queensland and near Kapalga in Kakadu National Park .	Pres
The group was gaining popularity in the San Francisco Bay area and had been playing at the Old Fillmore .	Pres
It discussed strategies for bringing change in South Africa regarding : national coherence , Government structures and the economy with the African National Congress ( ANC ) .	Past
The ANC was still banned by South African Government in 1987 .	Past
The thickness of these curtain walls suggests a 13th-century date .	Pres
The ghost never reappeared after Lyle 's death and it has been suggested that a baboon brought back from the crusades might provide a rational explanation .	Past
was robbed and used in the new building .	Past
The picture depicts Christ 's sacrifice for mankind as represented by his gentle embrace of the cross and his heavenward gaze .	Pres
The mother coin was initially prepared by engraving a pattern with the legend of the cash coin which had to be manufactured .	Past
The FireFly system was initially deployed to Afghanistan in May 2012 , to support a threat detection requirement .	Past
RENEWS remedied this problem by producing self-sustaining solar and wind energy for combat technology .	Past
RENEWS was first deployed in April 2013 .	Past
RENEWS components weighed about 100 pounds , and was stored in two cases weighing about 70 pounds each .	Past
The fused party revived the name " Liberals " , previously used by the followers of Samuel Griffith , Premier in the 1880s & 1890s .	Past
The government pushed further reforms including electoral reform based on reasonably equal sized electorates and the consolidation & simplification of land legislation .	Past
Collins was sworn in as the Kiribati Minister for Women , Youth and Sports in March 2016 .	Past
Administratively it belongs to Nova Rača .	Pres
Its territory has been inhabited since the 17th century , when the territory up to that time under Osman rule has been populated by Christians .	Past
On the Josephinian Land Survey dated from 1774 it is shown as " „ Dorf Bedenik ” " .	Past
During the military administration , it belonged to the regiment of Szentgyörgyvár .	Past
In his repertorium published in 18008 in Buda János Lipszky mentions the village as " „ Bedenik ” " .	Pres
The settlement has existed since the late 1800s , and was named for its strategic location where five roads meet .	Past
In March 2018 , the band embarked on a three date Finnish tour , during which Samy Elbanna of Lost Society filled in for Archie Cruz .	Past
In June 2018 , The Local Band toured Japan and opened for Hollywood Vampires in Helsinki .	Past
Tenders for the section of line including the bridge were advertised in February 1885 .	Past
The bridge has wrought iron plate web girders at each end of the lattice bridge .	Past
Apart from relatively minor technical works of repair and strengthening , the bridge retains its original fabric .	Pres
Shashi Kapoor liked spending time in the hotel , specially in the Room No .	Past
20 ha of marsh , 200 ha of coppicing and 100 of barren vegetation and meadows disappeared due to the implementation of the lake .	Past
This number rose to 116 as of December 1988 .	Past
He has supervised more than 30 PhDs and Mphil , plus more than 10 academic staff .	Past
It was decorated with three-dimensional mosaic reliefs in the style of socialist realism by the works of artists Nikolai Frolov , Oleg Atroshchenko and Albert Shestakov .	Past
Svetlogorsk-II station was electrified DC and equipped with automatic train protection in 1976 .	Past
The book was funded by raising money by Kickstarter it raised $ 55,000 to get a publishing run .	Past
The window tops butt against trim pieces that extend the width of the facade .	Pres
The entrance is sheltered by a shed-roof hood ( a later addition ) ; it has a double-leaf door flanked by wide sidelight windows .	Past
The house 's construction was dated to 1790 by a survey of historic properties performed in the 1930s .	Past
The species was first circumscribed by Dr. Brouria Feldman-Muhsam .	Past
" R. gertrudae " is moderate-sized , about 4 mm in length , heavily punctate , and reddish-brown in color .	Past
The properties of 2D h-BN films depends greatly on the quality of the films .	Pres
It has been challenging to synthesize high-quality 2D h-BN over large areas .	Pres
In mechanical exfoliation the atomic sheets of h-BN are physically pulled or separated from each other .	Past
In CVD , a substrate is exposed to precursors , which react on the wafer surface to produce the desired film .	Past
Some h-BN films have been grown on Si , SiO / Si , and sapphire	Past
The B and N atoms dissolve in the metal bulk , diffuse through the film , and precipitate on the surface .	Pres
In this way , the use of unconventional or toxic precursors is avoided .	Past
In molecular beam epitaxy ( MBE ) heated gaseous elements are allowed to condense on the wafer .	Past
Molten boron oxide reacts with gaseous ammonia to form an ultrathin h-BN film at the reaction interface .	Pres
After finishing his studies at the Burgplatz Royal Secondary School in Essen , he learnt in Solingen .	Past
His daughter emigrated to New Zealand .	Past
On 1 July 2018 , Al Olama inaugurated the first UAE AI Summer Camp .	Past
She labeled Hill " the snobbiest woman in Denver " .	Past
She was then let into the Hill mansion .	Past
She entertained in style , wearing haute-couture clothing , with the best people of Denver , the international set , and royalty .	Past
It has evolved to the " Blue Book " of wealthy people from Denver .	Past
Hill traveled to New York City , Newport , and Paris .	Past
She wore a satin gown embroidered with diamonds and had a red velvet cape trimmed in fourteen-karat gold .	Past
The three of them often dined together and at times traveled together .	Past
His wife , Grace Livermore Wells , divorced him in 1918 .	Past
He gambled and lost the last of his money .	Past
The length of the shell attains 34 mm , its diameter 11mm .	Pres
The columella is distinctly bulging at the point where the aperture narrows to the anterior canal .	Pres
Anteriorly the sutures are margined by a strong ridge , which is itself marked by extremely fine spiral lines .	Past
These are crossed by irregular lines of growth , the form of which indicate that the anal sinus was relatively shallow .	Past
The outer lip is not sufficiently well preserved to demonstrate that point .	Past
Prior to her directing career , Pirband enjoyed acting roles in 22 films , television series and theater productions .	Past
Godofredo admires Machado 's success with women and makes no complaint when he absents himself from the office to further these relationships .	Pres
One day he arrives at the office to find Machado absent again .	Pres
With the help of a financial incentive , Godofredo persuades his father-in-law to take back his wife .	Pres
He also feels the need to regain his honour through challenging Machado to a duel .	Pres
Eventually his friends , originally approached to be seconds , arrange a compromise that avoids a duel .	Pres
Cash sees the work as an allegory for Portuguese society of the time .	Pres
" The Yellow Sofa " was then revived for the Glyndebourne tour in 2012 , and performed across the UK .	Past
In 1999 , manufacturer changes lead to the adoption of NSW Premium embossed dies on ACT plates and continues today .	Past
The ranges YKQ-00A to YKQ-99Z and YLP-00A to YLP-99Z have been allocated for this new slogan .	Past
The new ACT number plate slogan ideas decided by the panel to be voted on are :	Pres
The losing 3 slogans will then be phased out once the new slogan plates will be manufactured in the middle of 2017 .	Past
Public transport vehicles are allocated distinctive codes :	Past
ACT Government vehicles are allocated codes 2nn-nnn .	Past
Hilton Barcelona has been renovated in 2012 and the designer of the renovation in the lobby was the Italian architect and designer Matteo Thun	Past
The album was successfully funded through Kickstarter in April 2016 and subsequently released worldwide on 28 October 2016 .	Past
It is cited by major publications like Forbes , The Washington Post , and The New York Times when commenting on small business trends .	Past
He was ordained deacon in 1964 and priest in 1965 by Bishop Thomas Fraser of North Carolina .	Past
He was consecrated bishop on May 14 , 1994 by Presiding Bishop Edmond L. Browning .	Past
The charges were later dismissed .	Past
Written sources mention the castle from the 12th century onward , first under the name Baluanus , and later , in 1360 , as Castrum Balwanus .	Pres
The castle was fortified with both an outer and an inner wall .	Past
Kán László let the king in , but imprisoned him , also taking the Holy Crown of Hungary .	Past
This paved to way for the Angevin dynasty 's coming to power in Hungary .	Past
Her grandparents emigrated to Mexico City from Lithuania and Bulgaria .	Past
In 2013 , she authored the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report alongside 11 other experts in the field of industry .	Past
During the campaign Sheinbaum was falsely blamed by the PAN for the collapse of an elementary school that killed 19 children in an earthquake .	Past
It originated with fans of Scottish club Motherwell F.C .	Past
Huh chant may originated with film 300	Past
Trainer Raphaël Wicky substituted him in for the injured Mohamed Elyounoussi in the 34th minute and the game ended in a 2 – 2 draw .	Past
Regular session can be convened by the Speaker based on the :	Past
Extraordinary sessions must be convened by the Speaker in 15 days based on the :	Past
Extraordinary sessions must also be convened by the Speaker on the urgent matters based on the :	Past
Session was interrupted so that Commission could hold its session to confirm mandates of the MPs .	Past
Session will be suspended until Thursday , 23 August , when it will continue with elections of Deputy-Speakers .	Past
It was certified Diamond in Germany .	Past
The song also topped the Austrian Singles Chart .	Past
In the final chapter , as J. Orin Oliphant points out , Luvaas analyzed Henderson 's contribution to military thinking and education .	Past
Military historians consider Luvaas the founder of the modern staff ride .	Pres
History should not be subjected to the idea that it repeats itself , an unreasonable process that forces historical evidence into convenient patterns .	Past
Rather , the study of history , military history in particular , helps to illustrate points of leadership and doctrine .	Pres
Instead , Connelly maintained , Luvaas argued that the Prussians had all but ignored their Civil War observations until after 1914 , as did the other powers .	Past
All black-and-white plates were recalled and replaced on expiry of registration , retention fees applied if the motorist wished to keep the original number .	Past
There doesn 't seem to be a noticeable system to plate series , as numbers of all types appear on both halves of the plate .	Pres
It happened for a while before the change of manufacturer .	Past
In 1998 , Vehicle general series reverted to the Australian standard embossing used before 1987 .	Past
The union collapsed in 1834 , although many of its constituent societies remained active .	Past
The party contested its first election in the New York Gubernatorial election of 2018 with candidate Stephanie Miner .	Past
As a result of the ideological foundations of the party , it aims to attract both moderate Republicans and centrist Democrats .	Pres
He was executed in 1939 .	Past
On leaving school Flieg undertook a commercial apprenticeship at a bank , and he worked as a bank official till the outbreak of the war .	Past
His manner was famously measured and he never raised his voice .	Past
During the immediate postwar years Flieg was lodging in Berlin with the family of a girl friend .	Pres
Leo Flieg liked to operate behind the scenes , which can make it hard to pin down details of his work for the German Communist Party .	Past
In April 1932 Neumann was stripped of his party functions and summoned to Moscow .	Past
He knew Piatnitsky and Abramov-Mirov and other Comintern leaders from long years of working together on " intelligence matters " .	Past
He was re-elected to the party Central Committee .	Past
During 1937 Leo Flieg was deprived of his German nationality and so became stateless .	Past
Flieg knew the risks inherent in returning to Moscow and friends urged him to stay in Paris .	Past
The Swedish banker Olof Aschberg urged him not to go , and promised support in seeking " emigrant status " from the French authorities .	Past
Early in 1938 the German representative among the Comintern leadership , , lodged an application for Flieg to be permitted to leave the country again .	Past
On 14 March 1939 Leo Flieg was condemned to death by a military tribunal of the High Court and executed by shooting .	Past
He was posthumously rehabilitated in 1957 .	Past
Subsequent investigation of contemporary documents suggests to some that the involvement of the leading German communist comrades probably extended beyond mere approval .	Pres
Soon after Wehner submitted his report hundreds of German communist party refugees were detained by the Soviet authorities .	Past
A distribution map of the name has been processed on a genealogy site .	Past
No slogan is printed on these plates , rather they contain the words ' South Australia ' .	Past
EzyPlates is administrated by the Department of Transport Infrastructure and Energy SA .	Past
These seem to follow the New South Wales Premium format , using black lettering on a white background on a noticeably slimmer plate .	Pres
Older systems were allocated SAA-000 to SZZ-999 to government services as well .	Past
The legend is embossed as SA Government .	Past
All slogan plates are discontinued , as at October 2008 .	Past
He was drafted 36th overall in the 2017 CFL Draft by the Argoanuts and signed with the team on May 24 , 2017 .	Past
Despite this body of work , the Spanish public recognizes her less for her face than for her voice .	Pres
Such fortification pieces can be edited to add things like windows or doors .	Past
Players are encouraged to be very creative in designing their fortifications in " Creative " .	Past
Shaw has been combining her scientific knowledge , improvisation and performance skills to inspire and communicate science to the public .	Pres
In 2010 , Shaw teamed with Una Kavanagh to create her first theater show " That ’ s About the Size of It " .	Past
The show has toured from 2011 to 2013 .	Past
The show was funded under SFI 's 2017 Discover programme and created with ESA ’ s Astronaut Centre in Cologne , France .	Past
Sometime in 2018 , WVVE rebranded as 95 Wave.fm keeping its adult album alternative format .	Past
The station broadcasts an Adult Album Alternative format blending Americana , folk , rock & soul singles and album tracks .	Pres
Sometime in 2018 , WVVE and KZJZ rebranded as 95 Wave.fm keeping its adult album alternative format .	Past
Victorian registration plates are manufactured at Hopkins Correctional Centre in Ararat , Victoria .	Past
In 1939 , Victoria switched to a two-letter , three-number scheme ( AA-000 to ZZ-999 ) of which also bear " Vic " down the left-hand side .	Past
In 1972 , the two-letter , three-number scheme was reintroduced as an optional , personalised plate style for cars .	Past
For the same reason , In 1964 , Victoria skipped the I-prefix series and went straight from HZZ-999 to JAA-000 .	Past
Due to the number of plates which were unidentifiable in photographs , all defective plates were recalled and new plates issued free of charge .	Past
These plates bore the slogan " Victoria – On the Move " across the bottom .	Past
The old state logo and motto were phased out in February 2000 to prepare for the introduction of a new one .	Past
After winning this election , the Andrews government honoured this pledge , with the new plates released on 16 October 2015 , starting at 1GA-1AA .	Past
The 100 to 285-000 range is reserved for the exclusive , handmade " Heritage " series plates .	Past
The general series range from VAA-000 to VZZ-999 are reserved for Euro plates .	Past
The proceeds were donated to the Department of Sustainability to raise funds to preserve this bird .	Past
All official vehicles actually used in the Commonwealth Games were supplied by Toyota Australia and used general issue XAA-nnn plates .	Past
As the third son , Ralph Dacre pursued a clerical career .	Past
He was summoned to Parliament in 1362 .	Past
In 1375 , Baron Dacre was murdered , apparently by Harrington as well as his own brother , Hugh .	Past
Though both perpetrators were presented for the murder , they were never punished for it .	Past
She lent her voice to many folk songs , theatre productions and radio programs of All India Radio .	Past
Naima Khan Upreti and Mohan Upreti together sang many folk songs from Uttarkhand .	Past
LGA specific plates can only be requested when the owner of the vehicle is resident within that LGA .	Past
It was then rediscovered by astronomer Guillaume Bigourdan on October 22 , 1884 and was later listed as IC 1907 .	Past
The operations expanded rapidly and steam turbines for both industrial and marine purposes were exported to , among others , Japan , South Africa and Poland .	Past
The constituency encompasses Dhaka North City Corporation wards 1 and 17 , and Dakshinkhan , Khilkhet , Turag , Uttara , and Uttar Khan thanas .	Pres
After the release of the paper , Goldfield and his supporters eventually departed the Sojourner Truth Organization , resulting in the Organization 's first split .	Past
While it remained a small organisation , the union funded a school in Pinner , the Royal Commercial Travellers School , and organised numerous social activities .	Past
James Lankford , R-Okla . , and Richard Durbin , D-Ill . , also co-sponsored the resolution .	Past
The event drew more than 250 participants , including St. Paul 's Mayor Chris Coleman , who shared comments at the rally prior to the race .	Past
The total number of state and local resolutions has quadrupled since 2017 .	Past
Hundreds of people gathered at Anacostia Park for a community-wide prayer walk ending at the DC Dream Center .	Past
Currently , the tower and balneary belong to the Svetlogorsk central military sanatorium .	Pres
Considered a pioneer in establishing earth sciences in Poland , she published over 100 works concerning the geography and geology of the country .	Past
Beginning in 1912 , Danysz lectured on topology and was active in the Rifle Association , as well as the women 's legionnaires .	Past
She prepared a bibliography on the history of earth sciences in Poland , covering a 200 year period , prior to her retirement in 1958 .	Past
Small children were weeding and pruning .	Pres
Young adolescents between the ages of 12 and 16 were weeding and gathering coffee .	Pres
Sterrett also invested and managed transportation companies .	Past
In 1851 , he invested in the Houston and Galveston Navigation Company , a company headed by William Marsh Rice .	Past
The boiler of " Farmer " exploded , killing about half of the ship 's seventy-two persons on board .	Past
In addition , he coordinated lightering , or the transfer of freight from one ship to another without the benefit of a wharf .	Past
This enabled the company to obviate the high wharfage fees at the port of Galveston .	Past
He piloted steamers between Galveston and Houston 4,000 times throughout his career .	Past
It can be distinguished from other Neotropical Myristicaceae by its conspicuous parallel tertiary venation that is nearly perpendicular to the costa .	Past
Its range extends from Tumbes in northern Peru , southwards to the Magallanes Region of southern Chile .	Pres
The largest fish ( over long ) mostly preyed on other species of fish , worms , molluscs and sea urchins .	Past
The diet also varies according to the time of year and the seasonal availability of prey species , with more fish being taken in the autumn .	Pres
The constituency encompasses Chandina Upazila .	Pres
Ahead of the 2008 general election , the Election Commission redrew constituency boundaries to reflect population changes revealed by the 2001 Bangladesh census .	Past
The 2008 redistricting altered the boundaries of the constituency .	Past
Ali Ashraf was re-elected unopposed in the 2014 general election after opposition parties withdrew their candidacies in a boycott of the election .	Past
It bordered Ukraine , Lăpușna County , Chişinău County , and Transnistria .	Past
Its range extends from Rio de Janeiro in Brazil southwards to Golfo Nuevo in Argentina .	Pres
She is pursuing a bachelor 's degree in Educational informatics and also has a degree in Food Science and Technology .	Pres
Ortega has been interviewed by " Thinking Allowed " at BBC Radio 4 .	Past
The experience pushed me to a new place where I would be responsible for everything myself .	Past
It " exists at the intersection between trance-metal and meditative hardcore . "	Pres
Two brigadiers are interred in the cemetery ; John Roland Mackintosh-Walker of the Seaforth Highlanders and James Hargest from the Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment .	Past
In 2015 , her research encompassed the effects of aging on skin and the corresponding changes in tumor growth .	Past
The lab researches molecular mechanisms related to melanoma metastasis , especially the Wnt signaling pathway .	Pres
Weeraratna also investigates how changes to tumor microenvironment , especially aging , can change melanoma growth and the development of therapeutic resistance .	Pres
In June 2018 , Weeraranta spoke at a Families Belong Together protest in Norristown , Pennsylvania .	Past
Weeraranta spoke out against the Trump administration family separation policy , instead highlighting the scientific achievements and economic growth attributed to immigrants in the United States .	Past
She urged others to exercise their right to vote , stating that she was only recently able to do so because she is an immigrant .	Past
Alliance for Smiles organizes two-week surgical missions to provide free cleft lip and palate surgery in various under-served countries .	Pres
The AfS team collaborates with local medical practitioners to communicate on proper medical procedures and to give follow-up treatment .	Pres
The temperance movement in India aims at curbing the use of alcohol in that country .	Pres
The Punjab Legislative Assembly enacted pro-temperance legislation in 1919 .	Past
It aided Indians , both Christian and non-Christian , in fighting against alcohol .	Past
He viewed foreign rule as the reason that national prohibition was not yet established at his time .	Past
In 2006 , A.G. co-produced the album " A Sudden Rush of Genius " , by his father , Cesare Syjuco .	Past
In 2010 , he was enrolled into Beijing Film Academy , where he majored in performance .	Past
Records suggest that her contract ran from 9 March 1795 to 2 January 1799 .	Pres
The brig " Pelican " , loaded with barley , arrived at Portsmouth on 5 February 1799 , after " Duchess of York " had recaptured her .	Past
" Duchess of York " had intercepted " Alexander " going into Havre with a cargo of fruit , etc .	Past
She sailed to Altona in ballast .	Past
The attorney for " Alexander " argued that she was in want of provisions , and that a further elucidation was unnecessary .	Past
The ship and part of the cargo were condemned as prize to the two cutters .	Past
As well as being hospital ships , they were all equipped with fishing-gear and sent their fish to market with the rest of the fleet .	Past
Wood ( 1911 ) argued that " " A Mission ship is one of the most interesting vessels afloat .	Past
" " I have never witnessed such a gory sight .	Past
Two men lay on deck with their heads nearly blown to pieces .	Pres
With all these wounded men on board , our floating hospital looked like a veritable sight .	Past
It publishes Tuesday-Saturday in Alexander City , Alabama .	Pres
She was recommissioned in June 1806 at Brest as a training and station ship .	Past
She was rated a brig-corvette .	Past
" Festin " grounded in Brest harbour on 13 June 1813 .	Past
Although there was little damage , she was struck from the lists .	Past
The building was modeled after Nassau Hall at Princeton University .	Past
It also housed classrooms , a refectory , and a chapel .	Past
Old North was exempt from this order , and the students of the college had to quickly remove all of their belongings to the Old North Building .	Past
With the school growing , Georgetown embarked on the construction of Healy Hall .	Past
An area to the south of the building was eventually enclosed by a fence , and became referred to as The Yard .	Past
Old North was again renovated in 2013 , with all across its five floors being refurbished .	Past
This entailed the removal of the wooden beams in the attic that had long-since lost their structurally supporting role and were merely decorative .	Past
The institute 's successor , the McCourt School of Public Policy now resides in the building .	Pres
Like Adams , he assisted with the distribution of diplomas .	Past
On July 24 , 1849 , President Zachary Taylor partook in the commencement exercises at Old North .	Past
In January 1993 , President-elect and Georgetown alumnus Bill Clinton addressed the Diplomatic Corps from the steps of Old North .	Past
She owns the single lightweight 's national record .	Pres
Most projects are funded through Measure R and Measure M and will receive accelerated priority , though several more were proposed by this plan .	Past
She was finally sailed in completed form from Southampton on 17 October 1986 .	Past
She co-founded , and for over 25 years served as Co-CEO of TransPerfect , the world 's largest language solutions provider .	Past
Her family traveled frequently , including long-term residences in Portugal and Canada , where Elting first developed interest in studying languages .	Past
To that end , Elting co-founded TransPerfect in 1992 out of an NYU dorm room .	Past
Headquartered in New York City , the company has over $ 600 million in revenues and more than 4,000 employees in over 90 cities around the globe .	Past
In addition , she regularly lectures at Columbia Business School regarding entrepreneurship and growing a company .	Pres
Others contended that it was a strategy by Chief Tinubu to acquire more power for his family among Lagosians .	Past
The market leader for Lagos Mainland local government opined that her appointment was a collective one and was not politically influenced .	Past
The Secretary General for Lagos Markets explained that her ascension was lawful , and in accordance with the market association 's statutes .	Past
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS " Newbury " :	Past
The family migrated to Ste .	Past
Harris prepared to locate to Texas at the urging of Moses Austin .	Past
To prepare for this gamble , he resettled his family in upstate New York .	Past
In 1823 , he sailed his boat from New Orleans to Buffalo Bayou , where he scouted locations for a trading post .	Past
He contracted for a town plat of Harrisburg in 1826 , while he established a trading post and a grist mill there .	Past
With machine belts needed to complete the project , he sailed to New Orleans .	Past
In 1833 , two parties filed claims on the John Harris Richardson estate .	Past
In the past Mount Alpesisa was deforested and the grassland which still covers most of the mountain is in stark contrast with the surrounding woods .	Past
Mount Alpesisa can easily be accessed without any alpinistic skill .	Past
In 1535 , the monastery was dissolved as a consequence of the Reformation .	Past
The last surviving buildings of the monastery at Mårkær were demolished in 1780 , and no trace or visual representation of them has survived .	Past
It was sponsored by Nationwide and was officially known as the FA Nationwide Women 's Premier League Cup .	Past
These allegations are being investigated .	Past
After his father 's death , he inherited a one third portion of his estate , along with his brother and deceased sister 's only child .	Past
She chaired the Commission on Human Rights , Gender Equality , Missing Persons and Petitions .	Past
It was excavated by Erin Gibbons in the late 1990s .	Past
Regular session of the working bodies can be convened by the President of the working body 14 days before the session .	Past
Urgent session can be convened by in shorter time based on the :	Past
If President of the working body does not convene the session , it can be convened by the Speaker and presided over by the oldest Vice-President .	Past
The Minnesota Senate , District 1 , encompasses the far Northwestern part of Minnesota .	Pres
Despite being an apparently capable design it was withdrawn in 1928 .	Past
Equipped with a large diameter boiler and Schmidt superheater .	Past
The locomotive was withdrawn in 1928 after just 15 years , three 400 class express locomotives were also retired shortly afterwards as surplus to requirements .	Past
Commens was nicknamed " Billy " by his team mates , and earned a total number of 143 caps ( 20 goals ) for Australia .	Past
Sempra was sued over claims it manipulated natural gas supplies and electricity contracts during the 2001 California electricity crisis .	Past
The following subsidiaries have been reformed into Sempra LNG & Midstream and Sempra Renewables :	Past
In 2001 , 78 % of homes were owner-occupied , 19 % were rented .	Past
The tapings were booked by head writer Kevin Kleinrock , Cody Michaels and Vampiro .	Past
The first preview episode on January 26 drew a 0.43 rating , while the second preview episode on February 2 drew 0.50 .	Past
The set features all 10 episodes , all 10 WSXtra episodes , deleted scenes and special features .	Past
All of the musical performances were edited out of the DVD set .	Past
He was hurt in the defense of Stonecutter 's Island and escaped the next attack by Japanese forces in Wong Nai Chung Gap in December 1941 .	Past
After the surrender of Japan in 1945 , he and Halward actively re-established Scouting in Hong Kong .	Past
It relied mostly on paid programming ; the few entertainment shows seen on WADL 's schedule consisted of barter programming .	Past
CBS approached all of Detroit 's major stations--WDIV-TV , WXYZ-TV , WKBD and WXON — but all of them turned CBS down .	Past
As a measure of how desperate CBS was at the time , it approached WADL even though most Detroit-area viewers didn 't even know the station existed .	Past
WADL has further cemented its presence in the community , broadcasting political debates with all candidates and inviting the community to attend .	Past
The station 's digital channel is multiplexed :	Past
WADL also airs religious programs on Sunday mornings .	Pres
The current WADL broadcast facility would have been re-purposed for The Word Network , along with the transfer of roughly 33 WADL staffers .	Past
The Speaker determines when a sitting of the House should open and close , and may suspend the sitting for a brief period of time if necessary .	Pres
He only participates in a vote when there is a tie .	Pres
The Secretary ( " Setiausaha " ) of the House presides over the voting .	Pres
The " Pharmacists without borders Germany " were thus reacting to the unfolding famine at the Horn of Africa .	Pres
This ensures that those people get treated with safe pharmaceuticals .	Pres
Between 1920 and 1927 , it absorbed parts of Hartley and Orange and elected three members under proportional representation .	Past
In 1927 Bathurst , Hartley and Orange were recreated as single-member electorates .	Past
Westlake adjoins the suburbs of Jindalee , Middle Park and Mount Ommaney , and is a 20-minute drive from the Brisbane central business district .	Pres
Darrel R. Frost " et al . "	Past
Nylon Aylmeri jesses have recently grown in popularity .	Past
The end of the knot is melted with a cigarette lighter to keep it from fraying .	Past
A falconry bird is usually housed in a mews .	Past
These laws ensure that the facilities meet what is required to safely and humanely house a bird of prey .	Pres
The less a bird is hunted , the more important the mews and domestic quarters .	Past
All birds of prey eat a strictly carnivorous diet .	Past
In all cases , a bird 's diet is carefully measured to control its weight .	Past
Weight determines how hungry the bird is and how lazy it will act .	Pres
The better manned a falconry bird is , the more calm and less likely it will be to engage in a fight or flight response around people .	Past
When a wild bird is used in falconry , passage birds are preferred .	Past
The transmitter emits a radio beep , which the falconer can track with a portable receiver .	Pres
It encompasses the entirety of Bega Valley Shire and Eurobodalla Shire .	Pres
In 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into Goulburn , along with Monaro .	Past
It was recreated in 1988 .	Past
The margin blew out in the Liberals ' 2011 landslide , along with many other Liberal-held country seats .	Past
Since the 2007 election it has encompassed all of the City of Blue Mountains , except Glenbrook and Lapstone .	Past
It was abolished in 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation and absorbed into Cumberland .	Past
It was recreated in 1981 .	Past
It was abolished in 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation and absorbed into St George .	Past
It was recreated in 1927 , and has been held by Labor for all but one term since .	Past
It was recreated in 1927 and included much of the Central Coast until the creation of Gosford in 1950 .	Past
In 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation in 1920 , it was absorbed into Byron along with Lismore .	Past
In 1927 , it was recreated .	Past
With the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into the multi-member electorate of Ryde , but recreated in 1927 .	Past
In the same year Duff captained the Australian U21 team to a bronze medal at the Hockey Junior World Cup in Terrassa , Spain .	Past
No other languages were spoken by more than 5 % of the population .	Past
In 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into Parramatta .	Past
Granville was recreated in 1927 .	Past
It has historically tended to be a Labor seat .	Past
It was abolished in 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation and absorbed into Cumberland .	Past
It was recreated in 1927 .	Past
The army life seemed to somehow tie him down .	Past
In 1997 he co-founded Deccan Aviation , a charter helicopter service .	Past
In May 2006 he was knighted with " Chevalier de la Legion d ’ Honneur " the highest civilian award conferred by the French Government .	Past
In 2009 Gopinath unsuccessfully contested as an independent candidate in the Lok Sabha elections	Past
In 2014 , he unsuccessfully contested Lok Sabha elections on the ticket of Aam Aadmi Party	Past
In 1995 , when the Indian government started a regulatory reforms process to encourage entrepreneurship , Gopinath partnered with Samuel and established Deccan Aviation .	Past
But that enterprise too was squeezed by a severe cash crunch and shut shop in 2011 .	Past
The service wound up in 2013 .	Pres
In April 2017 , Deccan charters bid for and won 34 regional Indian routes under the UDAN scheme .	Past
Tadpoles are specialized for living in strong currents and have a heavy body .	Past
The snout is broadly rounded with a relatively oral disk underneath it .	Past
In 1968 , it was abolished and partly replaced by Kembla .	Past
In 1971 , Kembla was abolished and Illawarra was recreated .	Past
In 2007 , it was abolished and replaced by Shellharbour .	Past
The present education conventions fade from their minds , and unhampered by tradition , we work our own good will upon a grateful and responsive rural folk .	Pres
It was abolished in 1904 with the downsizing of parliament after federation and replaced by parts of Wollongong and Allowrie .	Past
It was recreated in 1981 , replacing parts of Illawarra and South Coast .	Past
In 2011 , for example , Labor was pushed into third place behind the Greens .	Past
In 1894 Forbes was abolished and Lachlan was recreated .	Past
In 1920 Lachlan and Ashburnham were absorbed into Murrumbidgee and elected three members under proportional representation .	Past
At the end of proportional representation in 1927 , Lachlan was recreated .	Past
It was abolished in 1950 , recreated in 1981 and abolished in 2007 .	Past
The family is characterized by having a pectoral girdle that is firmisternal and tadpoles having a single row of labial teeth .	Past
Males tap their hindfeet and extend it , subsequently stretching the foot outward and shaking it , both at prospective mates and rival males .	Pres
The female dancing frog excavates in the streambed with her hindlimbs .	Pres
The pair detach , the female lays her eggs in the chamber in the streambed and buries the spawn with sand and gravel using the hindlimbs .	Pres
In 2014 , researchers uncovered 14 new species in the genus " Micrixalus " .	Past
In 1904 , it was abolished with the reduction in the size of the Legislative Assembly , after Federation .	Past
In 1913 , Lismore was recreated , replacing Richmond .	Past
With the introduction of proportional representation in 1920 , Lismore and Clarence were absorbed into Byron .	Past
With the end of proportional representation in 1927 , Lismore and Clarence were recreated .	Past
He then requested a transfer to the Gardening department .	Past
Norman 's novels of the 1970s lacked some of the power of his earlier work .	Past
The district encompasses the entirety of the City of Maitland .	Pres
With the introduction of proportional representation in 1920 , it absorbed parts of Upper Hunter , Singleton , Cessnock and Durham and elected three members .	Past
Created in 1927 , although it has historically tended to be a Liberal-leaning seat , Manly has had a history of independent local members .	Past
This district was abolished in the 2013 redistribution , largely replaced by Holsworthy .	Past
According to ABC psephologist Antony Green , the seat should have been recovered by the Liberals in 2007 but was narrowly retained by Labor .	Past
He was nicknamed " Shaggy " by his team mates .	Past
It encompasses the Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council and Snowy Monaro Regional Council .	Pres
In 1913 , it absorbed much of the Electoral district of Queanbeyan , including Queanbeyan , which is its major city .	Past
In 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into Goulburn , along with Bega .	Past
It was recreated in 1927 .	Past
It was recreated in 1999 , largely replacing Badgerys Creek .	Past
Former MP David Harris regained the seat for Labor in 2015 .	Past
In 1920 , with the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into Wollondilly , along with Allowrie .	Past
In 1927 , with the abolition of proportional representation , it was recreated , along with a new Illawarra electorate .	Past
With the introduction of proportional representation , it was absorbed into the multi-member electorate of Ryde along with Burwood and Gordon .	Past
It was recreated in 1927 with the return to single-member electorates .	Past
It was abolished in 1988 , with most of its territory becoming Middle Harbour .	Past
In 1991 , Middle Harbour was abolished and replaced by a recreated Willoughby .	Past
However , the seat reverted to form when Berejiklian easily dispatched Reilly in a rematch .	Past
The seat was absorbed into surrounding electorates in a redistribution prior to the 1991 election and recreated in the redistribution prior to the 1999 election .	Past
It was abolished again for the 2007 election , with the larger part of it going to the new electoral district of Toongabbie .	Past
Created in 1962 , it has been won by the Liberal Party at all but two elections over the last half-century .	Past
Created in 1962 , Wakehurst was named in honour of the popular long-serving Governor of New South Wales from 1937 to 1946 , Lord Wakehurst .	Past
Webster was re-elected at the 1981 election but was defeated in 1984 by Liberal candidate John Booth .	Past
In 1920 , Wagga Wagga , Albury and Corowa was absorbed into Murray and elected three members under proportional representation .	Past
He was well-informed about and described her elder sisters Seaxburh of Ely , Æthelthryth and Æthelburh of Faremoutiers and Sæthryth , her older half-sister .	Past
A traditional story relates that while she was building the convent , she had nothing but dry bread to give to the workmen .	Pres
She prayed to the Virgin Mary and was told to send her maids to a local well each morning .	Past
He was punished for his cruelty when he was thrown from his horse and broke his neck .	Past
This story is commemorated in the large town sign in the centre of East Dereham .	Past
When the Dereham men were properly drunk , the Ely mob stole Withburga 's body and set off for home .	Past
It was abolished in 1894 and largely replaced by Robertson and Singleton .	Past
It was abolished from 1920 with the introduction of proportional representation , but was recreated in 1927 .	Past
In 1927 single-member electorates were re-established , including Tamworth .	Past
It stretches between the Forest of the Thur and the vestiges of the .	Pres
The local climate is characterized by weak precipitation , 539 mm per annum on average , and an average annual temperature of 10.2 ° C .	Past
In the thirteenth century , this holding was dissociated and Niederentzen became part of the territory of Murbach Abbey .	Past
Some inhabitants of Niederentzen responded and settled in Castroville and D 'Hanis .	Past
This second city is currently twinned with Niederentzen ; a portion of the village bears its name .	Past
It combines elements of the armorial bearings of the Hattstatt lords and the Truchsess nobles , illustrating the history of the village .	Pres
It incorporates almost all of the City of Shoalhaven to the south of the Shoalhaven river , notably Nowra , Ulladulla and Milton .	Pres
It was abolished in 1904 with the downsizing of the Legislative Assembly after Federation , but recreated in 1913 .	Past
Ryde was abolished in 1968 , being partly replaced by Fuller .	Past
In 1981 , Fuller was abolished and replaced by a recreated Ryde and Gladesville .	Past
In 1930 , it was abolished and largely replaced by Arncliffe .	Past
In 1941 , Arncliffe was abolished and replaced by a recreated Rockdale and Cook 's River .	Past
He was handily reelected as an independent in 2003 and 2007 .	Past
Orange and Hartley were absorbed into Bathurst , which elected three members under proportional representation , between 1920 and 1927 .	Past
In 1927 Bathurst , Hartley and Orange were recreated as single-member electorates .	Past
It was recreated in 1981 , partly replacing Armidale and Tenterfield .	Past
Labor endorsed McCarthy 's widow , Thelma , at the subsequent by-election , but she was narrowly defeated by National candidate Ray Chappell after a heavily-publicised campaign .	Past
Adam Marshall easily reclaimed the seat for the Nationals .	Past
It centred on the university city of Armidale ; other towns included in the electorate are Inverell , Glen Innes , Tenterfield and Uralla .	Past
It has even been pushed into third place on some occasions .	Past
It was abolished in 1927 and replaced by Lane Cove , Manly , Mosman , Neutral Bay , North Sydney and Willoughby .	Past
It was recreated in 1981 , replacing Kirribilli .	Past
In the last three elections , Labor candidates have been pushed into third place , and have struggled to get to 20 percent of the primary vote .	Past
These changes to the electoral boundaries were debated .	Past
Newcastle East and Newcastle West were abolished in 1904 , with the reduction in the size of Parliament and Newcastle was recreated .	Past
With the introduction of proportional representation in 1920 , it absorbed Kahibah , Wallsend and Wickham and elected five members .	Past
This pattern was threatened in early 2007 , when sitting member Bryce Gaudry lost his preselection to a former local newsreader , Jodi McKay .	Past
Gaudry opted to stand as an independent and as a consequence split the Labor Party 's vote .	Past
Labor 's previous margin of over 15 % had been slashed to as little as 1.4 % , making it one of Labor 's most marginal seats .	Past
The Liberals opted not to contest the ensuing by-election , which saw Labor reclaim the seat handily .	Past
He was nicknamed " Jimmy " by his teammates .	Past
Between 1920 and 1927 , it absorbed parts of Lachlan and Ashburnham and elected three members under proportional representation .	Past
When they reached the village of Westbroek , they burnt the village to the ground and killed all the inhabitants .	Past
But when they saw the size of the army of the enemy , they fled back to the city .	Past
The Hollanders pursued them and killed everybody they could .	Past
Domestically , he alternated between playing for Mashonaland and Mashonaland A .	Past
Following a contract dispute with the Zimbabwe Cricket Union , Watambwa emigrated to the USA in the autumn of 2002 .	Past
In 2008 , Fagbenle flew to Paris with world-renowned theatre director Peter Brook to help workshop and develop Brook 's international production of " Tierno Bokar " .	Past
He reprised the role in 2015 for season 2 .	Past
In 2011 Fagbenle co-wrote the song " Storm " for Grammy nominated artist Tyga on his " Black Thoughts Vol .	Past
We owe everything to her . "	Pres
Fagbenle originated the role of " Perry " in the Royal Court 's production of the award-winning production of " Fallout " .	Past
Depending on political allegiance , people identify with differing flags and symbols , some of which have , or have had , official status in Northern Ireland .	Pres
However , it specifically excluded the Union flag from its provisions .	Past
The Act was repealed in 1987 .	Past
Some local councils have debated the usage of the Tricolour .	Past
In September 2003 , Belfast City Council discussed flying the Tricolour alongside the Union Flag on designated occasions .	Past
In 2013 , US diplomat Richard Haass chaired talks between the political parties in Northern Ireland dealing with , among other things , the issue of flags .	Past
The R10000 largely replaces the R8000 in the high-end and the R4400 elsewhere .	Pres
SGI recalled 10,000 R10000s that had shipped in systems as a result , which impacted the company 's earnings .	Past
In 1997 , a version of R10000 fabricated in a 0.25 µm process enabled the microprocessor to reach 250 MHz .	Past
The R10000 fetches four instructions every cycle from its instruction cache .	Pres
These instructions are decoded and then placed into the integer , floating-point or load / store instruction queues depending on the type of the instruction .	Past
Multiplies are pipelined , and have a six-cycle latency for 32-bit integers and ten for 64-bit integers .	Past
The adder and multiplier are pipelined , but the divide and square root units are not .	Past
The square root unit executes square root and reciprocal square root instructions .	Pres
Instructions are partially decoded by appending four bits to each instruction ( which have a length of 32 bits ) before they are placed in the cache .	Past
It is implemented with commodity synchronous static random access memorys ( SSRAMs ) .	Past
The cache is accessed via its own 128-bit bus that is protected by 9-bits of error correcting code ( ECC ) .	Past
At 200 MHz , the bus yielded a peak bandwidth of 3.2 GB / s .	Past
It is fabricated in a 0.35 µm process and packaged in 599-pad ceramic land grid array ( LGA ) .	Past
It was fabricated by NEC and Toshiba .	Past
The R12000 was fabricated by NEC and Toshiba in a 0.25 µm CMOS process with four levels of aluminum interconnect .	Past
The NEC fabricated VR12000 contained 7.15 million transistors and measured 15.7 by 14.6 mm ( 229.22 mm ) .	Past
Introduced in July 2000 , it operates at 400 MHz and was fabricated by NEC a 0.18 µm process with aluminum interconnects .	Past
The system interface and memory hierarchy was also significantly reworked .	Past
The bus could also be configured in the SysAD or Avalanche configuration for backwards compatibility with R10000 systems .	Past
The L3 cache would be accessed via a 144-bit bus , of which 128 bits are for data and 16 bits for ECC .	Past
Introduced in June 1988 , it was the second MIPS implementation , succeeding the R2000 as the flagship MIPS microprocessor .	Past
To speed up processing even further the CPU employs a 5-stage instruction pipeline .	Pres
The MIPS architecture supports up to four coprocessors .	Pres
The R3000 die contained 115,000 transistors and measured about 75,000 square mils ( 48 mm ) .	Pres
It was fabricated in a 1.2 µm complementary metal – oxide – semiconductor ( CMOS ) process with two levels of aluminium interconnect .	Past
During the third stage ( RF ) , the instruction is decoded and the register file is read .	Past
The MIPS III defines two register files , one for the integer unit and the other for floating-point .	Pres
Results may be bypassed if possible .	Past
It performs 64-bit shifts in two cycles , stalling the pipeline as a result .	Pres
Load and store instructions are executed by the integer pipeline , and access the on-chip 8 KB data cache .	Past
The adder and multiplier are pipelined .	Past
It is clocked at twice the clock frequency of the microprocessor for adequate performance and uses dynamic logic to achieve the high clock frequency .	Past
The remaining bits are checked to ensure that they contain zero .	Past
The R4000 ( SC and MC configurations only ) supports an external secondary cache with a capacity of 128 KB to 4 MB .	Pres
The cache is accessed via a dedicated 128-bit data bus .	Past
The secondary cache can be configured either as a unified cache or as a split instruction and data cache .	Past
The secondary cache is physically indexed , physically tagged and has a programmable line size of 128 , 256 , 512 or 1,024 bytes .	Past
The SysAD bus can be configured to operate at half , a third or a quarter of the internal clock frequency .	Past
The SysAD bus generates its clock signal by dividing the operating frequency .	Pres
As MIPS was a fabless company , the R4000 was fabricated by partners in their own processes , which had a 0.8 µm minimum feature size .	Past
The R4000 generates the various clock signals from a master clock signal generated externally .	Pres
For the operating frequency , the R4000 multiplies the master clock signal by two by use of an on-die phase-locked loop ( PLL ) .	Pres
The R4000PC is packaged in a 179-pin ceramic pin grid array ( CPGA ) .	Past
The R4000SC and R4000MC are packaged in a 447-pin ceramic staggered pin grid array ( SPGA ) .	Past
This characteristic enables a properly designed system to use any of the three microprocessors .	Pres
Samples of the microprocessor had been shipped to selected customers before then , with general availability in January 1993 .	Past
The R4400 was licensed by Integrated Device Technology ( IDT ) , LSI Logic , NEC , Performance Semiconductor , Siemens AG and Toshiba .	Past
IDT , NEC , Siemens and Toshiba fabricated and marketed the microprocessor .	Past
NEC marketed their version as the VR4400 .	Past
Early versions were fabricated in a 0.6 µm process .	Past
It was fabricated in a 0.35 µm four-layer-metal process .	Past
Toshiba marketed their version as the TC86R4400 .	Past
The R4400PC was priced at $ 1,600 , the R4400SC at $ 1,950 , and the R4400MC at $ 2,150 in quantities of 10,000 .	Past
The project was funded by MIPS Technologies , Inc ( MTI ) , also the licensor .	Past
MTI then licensed the design to Integrated Device Technology ( IDT ) , NEC , NKK , and Toshiba .	Past
IDT marketed its version of the R5000 as the 79RV5000 , NEC as VR5000 , NKK as the NR5000 , and Toshiba as the TX5000 .	Past
This assisted superscalar instruction issue by moving some of the dependency and conflict checking out of the critical path .	Past
The integer unit executes most instructions with a one cycle latency and throughput except for multiply and divide .	Pres
It was fully pipelined , which made it significantly better than that of the R4700 .	Past
Division and square-root was not pipelined .	Past
The R5000 was fabricated by IDT , NEC and NKK .	Past
All three companies fabricated the R5000 in a 0.35 µm complementary metal – oxide – semiconductor ( CMOS ) process , but with different process features .	Past
IDT fabricated the R5000 in a process with two levels of polysilicon and three levels of aluminium interconnect .	Past
NEC and NKK fabricated the R5000 in a process with one level of polysilicon and three levels of aluminium interconnect .	Past
Die sizes in the range of 80 to 90 mm were claimed by MTI .	Pres
It was packaged in a 272-ball plastic ball grid array ( BGA ) or 272-pin plastic pin grid array ( PGA ) .	Past
These microprocessors were fabricated by the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ( TSMC ) in its 0.35 μm process with three levels of interconnect .	Past
They were packaged by Amkor Technology in its Power-Quad 4 packages , the RM5230 in a 128-pin version , and the RM5260 in a 208-pin version .	Past
Intended for high-end embedded applications , the RM5270 was available at 150 and 200 MHz .	Past
It was packaged in a 304-pin Super-BGA ( SBGA ) that was pin-compatible with the RM7000 and was offered as a migration path to the RM7000 .	Past
These microprocessors were derivatives of the corresponding devices from the RM52x0 family fabricated in a 0.25 μm process with four levels of metal .	Past
These microprocessors were fabricated by TSMC in its 0.18 μm process and differ from the previous devices by featuring higher clock rates and lower power consumption .	Past
First details of the R8000 emerged in April 1992 in an announcement by MIPS Computer Systems detailing future MIPS microprocessors .	Past
It was priced at US $ 2,500 at the time .	Past
In stage one , four instructions are fetched from the instruction cache .	Past
Instruction decoding and register reads occur during stage two , and branch instructions are resolved as well , leading to a one-cycle branch mispredict penalty .	Pres
Two loads could be processed in parallel , one on each array .	Past
Multiply and divide instructions are executed in the multiply-divide unit , which is not pipelined .	Past
The latency for a divide instruction depends on the number of significant digits in the result and thus it varies from 21 to 73 cycles .	Pres
The 16 kB data cache is accessed in the same cycle .	Past
In the event of a cache miss , the data must be loaded from the streaming cache with an eight-cycle penalty .	Past
The cache is virtually indexed , physically tagged , direct mapped , has a 32-byte line size and uses a write-through with allocate protocol .	Past
The R8010 executed floating-point instructions provided by an instruction queue on the R8000 .	Past
The pipelines were decoupled to help mitigate some of the streaming cache latency .	Past
All instructions except for divide and square-root are pipelined .	Past
Each bank is accessed via two 64-bit unidirectional buses , one for reads , and the other for writes .	Past
The chips are implemented in a 0.7 μm BiCMOS process with two levels of polysilicon and two levels of aluminium interconnect .	Past
Access to the streaming cache is pipelined to mitigate some of the latency .	Past
In stage four , the SSRAMs are accessed and data is returned to the R8000 or R8010 in stage five .	Past
Both were fabricated by Toshiba in their VHMOSIII process , a 0.7 µm , triple-layer metal complementary metal – oxide – semiconductor ( CMOS ) process .	Past
Both are packaged in 591-pin ceramic pin grid array ( CPGA ) packages .	Past
The abbey was surrendered to the Crown in 1539 , and Fovant was among the villages granted to Sir William Herbert , later Earl of Pembroke .	Past
Much of the church was rebuilt in the 15th century ; the tower was built c . 1492 and is surmounted with stone friezes and battlements .	Past
The civil parish elects a parish council .	Pres
The old bridge was demolished after the new bridge opened .	Past
The Coffee Kings were swept in the finals by Great Taste in three games .	Past
Hills Bros were in their second finals stint after beating the Billy Ray Bates led-Ginebra in a playoff game on December 1 , 1987 .	Past
Going up against the Purefoods Hotdogs , both teams were gunning for their first championship .	Pres
New acquisitions Dwight Lago , Rodney Santos and Boyet Fernandez would be hampered by their unfamiliarity with Alaska 's vaunted triangle offense .	Past
In the All-Filipino Cup , the Milkmen were eliminated from the semifinals for the first time in four years .	Past
With the arrival of some talented Filipino-American cagers in the league , the Milkmen opted to stick with the same core for the 1999 season .	Past
In the All-Filipino , the Milkmen was eliminated by expansion team Tanduay in the semis .	Past
In 2000 , Jojo Lastimosa was traded to Pop Cola as part of the team 's future plan to rebuild .	Past
Before the 2001 season , the Aces traded popular star Johnny Abarrientos to the Pop Cola Panthers for forward Ali Peek and guard Jon Ordonio .	Past
In the All-Filipino conference , the Aces were eliminated in the quarterfinals by Abarrientos and Pop Cola .	Past
In the Governors Cup , they were eliminated in the quarterfinals .	Past
Duremdes was borrowed by the Philippine National Team in 2002 and Lastimosa made his return to Alaska .	Past
In the Commissioner 's Cup , Ajani Williams and Chris Carawell bannered the Aces but was eliminated by Talk N ' Text in the semi-finals .	Past
In the 2003 PBA Draft , Alaska shocked the league by trading their superstar , Kenneth Duremdes to the Sta .	Past
This enabled Alaska to get Brandon Cablay as the team 's top draft pick .	Past
The Aces swept the elimination round , winning all four of its games , to make it to the semis .	Past
In the Reinforced Conference , Alaska struggled in the tournament and was eliminated by Duremdes and Sta .	Past
After eliminating FedEx in the Wild-Card phase , they were swept by San Miguel in the quarters .	Past
During the tournament , Arigo and Peek were shipped to Coca-Cola for Jeffrey Cariaso and Reynel Hugnatan .	Past
A back injury sustained by Simpkins , after being elbowed in the back by Dorian Peña , prevented him from playing at full strength during the series .	Past
Weeks before the start of the Philippine Cup , Alaska traded Brandon Cablay to San Miguel in exchange for veteran Nic Belasco .	Past
On May 8 , 2006 , they traded Don Allado to Talk ' N Text for guard Willie Miller and forward John Ferriols .	Past
Lucia on the next game date eliminated Alaska from contention despite winning their last game against Sta .	Past
They also tapped former Chicago Bull and Talk ' N Text import Randy Holcomb as their reinforcement to help them defend the crown .	Past
They struggled in the middle part of the conference but still remained the leader in the standings .	Past
Despite their strong output during the eliminations , Purefoods swept them in the finals , including three straight game heart-breaking losses .	Past
He nearly averaged 30 points and 20 rebounds a game and made Alaska the favorites to win it all in the import-laden conference .	Past
In the middle of the conference , leading scorer Willie Miller was traded to the Barangay Ginebra Kings in exchange for high flyer Cyrus Baguio .	Past
With Jeffrey Cariaso already retired , they traded their second round pick to Meralco for another former UE player Bonbon Custodio .	Past
They also drafted JRU 's Marvin Hayes as # 2 pick in the second round .	Past
For the duration of the Philippine Cup , they sported their throwback early 1990s light uniform temporary replacing their current light jersey .	Past
In the 2011 Commissioner 's Cup , they paraded former Chicago Bull Eddie Basden as their import .	Past
They also traded long time bruiser Reynel Hugnatan to Meralco for young guns Hans Thiele and Paolo Bugia , released Marvin Hayes and signed guard Don Dulay .	Past
Team manager Joaqui Trillo , however , stressed Devance is guaranteed of the maximum pay through the end of his current contract .	Past
The Express responded with the 2011 and 2012 second round picks making Salud nod in the deal .	Past
They recruited 6 ' 10 Matt Haryasz out of Stanford University as their reinforcement for the Commissioner 's Cup .	Past
In the Commissioner 's Cup , Alaska tapped former University of Memphis Tiger Robert Dozier as their reinforcement .	Past
They also nabbed Aldrech Ramos from San Mig Coffee after trading Mac Baracael to Ginebra .	Past
They swept the Kings in three lopsided games to win the 2013 Commissioner 's Cup trophy .	Past
In the Governor 's Cup , Alaska tapped former New Mexico State standout Wendell McKines as import .	Past
Trillo steered Alaska from a lottery team in 2011-12 to a title contender last season .	Past
Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	Past
The Aces traded their other second round pick to the Talk ' N Text Tropang Texters for a future second round pick as well .	Past
They traded Aldrech Ramos to Air21 Express for bruiser Vic Manuel to beef up their frontline .	Past
After splitting their first two games , Luigi Trillo stepped down as head coach of Alaska .	Past
Uytengsu also denied the rumors and stated that he is not selling the second winningest franchise in the PBA .	Past
They eliminated crowd favorite Barangay Ginebra San Miguel in the quarterfinals , 92-81 .	Past
The Aces also traded two future second round picks to Global Port Batang Pier in exchange for former PBA MVP Eric Menk .	Past
Yet , they still earn a twice-to-beat advantage in the Quarterfinals .	Pres
They also traded bruising forward Gabby Espinas to GlobalPort for defensive center Nonoy Baclao .	Past
Alaska , hampered by injuries , missed the services of key players JVee Casio and Vic Manuel during the championship series .	Past
The Aces tapped LaDontae Henton as their reinforcement for the Governor 's Cup .	Past
On July 14 , 2016 , after a six-year tenure with Alaska , Cyrus Baguio was traded to the Phoenix Fuel Masters for two second round picks .	Past
The team treated their final outings in the eliminations as " knock out games " .	Past
Alaska drafted former FEU bruiser and current Gilas Pilipinas pool member Carl Bryan Cruz during the 2016 PBA Special Draft .	Past
In 1990 , he paved the way to produce Toyota cars in Turkey as a consequence of the largest Turkish-Japanese partnership .	Past
" British Rail Classes 112 and 113	Pres
All 112s and 113s were withdrawn by the end of 1969 , and none survive .	Past
It has been banned globally under the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants .	Past
Hexachlorobenzene was banned from use in the United States in 1966 .	Past
Human and animal studies have demonstrated that hexachlorobenzene crosses the placenta to accumulate in foetal tissues and is transferred in breast milk .	Past
Therefore , release into waterways should be avoided .	Past
By 1952 , MRF Limited ventured into the manufacture of tread rubber .	Past
Since then , the company has grown to become a INR 30 billion enterprise .	Past
The theory directly links crime rates to neighborhood ecological characteristics ; a core principle of social disorganization theory states that location matters .	Pres
Thus , an organized area is invaded by new elements .	Past
Despite finding this result , Cavan was excluded from faculty status at Chicago .	Past
Their dependent variables in the delinquency rates were measured by arrests , court appearances , and court adjudications of institutional commitment .	Past
Shaw and McKay demonstrated that social disorganization was endemic to the urban areas which were the only places the newly arriving poor could afford to live .	Past
Thus , the theory identifies social causes of delinquency that seem to be located in specific geographical areas , but its conclusions are not completely generalizable .	Pres
High rates of residential mobility and high-rise housing disrupt the ability to establish and maintain social ties .	Past
Sampson concludes that " the empirical data suggest that the structural elements of social disorganisation have relevance for explaining macro level variations in violence . "	Pres
The custom of blessing a woman after childbirth recalls the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary mentioned in Luke 2 : 22 .	Pres
All things having to do with birth and death are understood as somehow sacred .	Past
At the conclusion of a month after childbirth , women looked forward to churching as a social occasion , and a time to celebrate with friends .	Past
The rite was largely discontinued in the late 1960s following the Second Vatican Council .	Past
It may be imparted by a priest , deacon or authorized lay minister .	Past
The Purification of Mary and the presentation of Jesus at the Temple are commemorated forty days after Christmas .	Past
The priest , vested in surplice and white stole , sprinkles her with holy water in the form of a cross .	Pres
As the service is practiced in the Byzantine Rite , it involves both the blessing of the mother and the presentation of the child to God .	Pres
He then carries the child into the center of the nave , as he says , " I will go into Thy House .	Pres
In the midst of the congregation I will sing praises unto Thee . "	Pres
He then carries the baby into the sanctuary and around the back of the altar and out again onto the soleas .	Pres
It was popularized to control fire ants but by virtue of its chemical robustness and lipophilicity it was recognized as a bioaccumulative pollutant .	Past
The United States Environmental Protection Agency prohibited its use in 1976 .	Past
It is prohibited by the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants .	Past
Mirex was first synthesized in 1946 , but was not used in pesticide formulations until 1955 .	Past
Use of mirex as a pesticide was banned in 1978 .	Past
The Stockholm Convention banned production and use of several persistent organic pollutant , and Mirex is one of the " dirty dozen " .	Past
In a model ecosystem with a terrestrial-aquatic interface , sorgum seedlings were treated with mirex at 1.1 kg / ha .	Past
Although general environmental levels are low , it is widespread in the biotic and abiotic environment .	Past
Being lipophilic , Mirex is strongly adsorbed on sediments .	Past
No acceptable daily intake ( ADI ) for Mirex has been advised by FAO / WHO .	Past
IARC ( 1979 ) evaluated mirex 's carcinogenic hazard and concluded that " there is sufficient evidence for its carcinogenicity to mice and rats .	Past
It also induced liver cancer by interaction with estrogen in female rodents .	Past
The town administers one village , Comani .	Pres
In 1813 , his home was burned with the rest of the town by American Brigadier-General George McClure .	Past
He captained Bangladesh in 15 of his ODIs .	Past
8 , he defied the strong Pak bowling attack scoring 21 * of 35 deliveries .	Past
He captained Bangladesh in the Asia Cup at Sharjah in 1995 .	Past
Bangladesh were struggling at 15 / 4 , chasing a small total , after the Dutch fast bowler Lefebre demolished the top order .	Pres
This seemed slightly risky , as the Chittagong batsman had little previous experience as captain .	Past
He batted bravely in the final , top-scoring with 66 ( before falling to leg spin of Sairaj Bahutule ) .	Past
His lack of technique was compensated by his very strong wrists and forearms .	Past
In recent times , his nephews Nafees Iqbal and Tamim Iqbal have worn national colors .	Past
While at Bletchley and Old Oak Common depots the class found use on the Gospel Oak to Barking Line , units being formed as power twins .	Pres
DMBS 51677 was scrapped in early 2017 .	Past
Nothing Remains The Same is the 3rd album by the Swedish metal band Pain .	Pres
Clorgiline was never marketed , but it has found use in scientific research .	Past
Over time , a bond develops between the two .	Pres
She lets him read a poem she wrote that means a great deal to her .	Pres
He reveals his interests in astronomy and space travel .	Pres
On their last date which Ronald has " paid " for , Cindy hints that she would like to kiss him , but he misunderstands .	Pres
The next day , she sees him behaving arrogantly at school , and becomes jealous when she sees him flirting with her best friends Barbara and Patty .	Pres
At first , the other kids are mystified , but they soon join in , and Ronald 's new " trendy " dancing further increases his popularity .	Past
Kenneth is lying in wait and catches Ronald , but lets him go before his dad can call the police .	Pres
Cindy walks by and hears Ronald reciting to Iris her special poem .	Pres
After he learns about her " relationship " with Ronald , he breaks up with her .	Pres
His attempts to reconcile with both Cindy and Kenneth are rebuffed .	Past
Following the incident , Cindy recognizes Ronald 's worth and hops on the back of his riding lawn mower .	Pres
He asks her to prom , and the two kiss as the Beatles title song plays .	Pres
The two of them ride off into the sunset on the lawn mower .	Pres
In 2003 , " Can 't Buy Me Love " was remade as " Love Don 't Cost a Thing " starring Nick Cannon and Christina Milian .	Past
Nonetheless , both proteins adopt dimeric forms when membrane-bound .	Pres
Its expression is regulated by the transcription factors SP1 , GATA2 , and TBP via the CAMP pathway in response to stress such as ischemia and inflammation .	Past
Clorgyline , an MAO-A enzyme inhibitor , prevents apoptosis in melanoma cells , in vitro .	Pres
Cholangiocarcinoma suppresses MAO-A expression , and those patients with higher MAO-A expression had less adjacent organ invasion and better prognosis and survival .	Pres
MAOA activity is linked to apoptosis and cardiac damage during cardiac injury following ischemic-reperfusion .	Past
MAO-A levels in the brain as measured using positron emission tomography are elevated by an average of 34 % in patients with major depressive disorder .	Past
Studies have linked methylation of the " MAOA " gene with nicotine and alcohol dependence in women .	Past
A dysfunctional " MAOA " gene has been correlated with increased aggression levels in mice , and has been correlated with heightened levels of aggression in humans .	Past
A number of transcription factors bind to the promoter region of MAO-A and upregulate its expression .	Pres
It was upgraded to town status in 1968 by incorporation of a few villages nearby .	Past
Located adjacent to the main hospital grounds , the local ' Residential Hospital for Incurable Children ' gained international notoriety for its appalling conditions and deprivations .	Past
In the original Interflora Directory , used by members , the longest established members could be recognised by their telegraphic addresses .	Past
These engines are teamed with a six- , four- and five-speed automatic transmissions , respectively .	Past
Before commencing production of the Aurion , Toyota Australia manufactured the full-size Avalon model at its Altona plant in Melbourne until June 2005 .	Past
The Australian variant of the car was codenamed " 323L " .	Past
This involves body features that act as a counterpoint to other body features .	Pres
The front-end 's " double concave architecture " can also be characterised by its protruding bonnet crease line and deep grille .	Past
Design patents were filed on 27 December 2005 at the United States Patent and Trademark Office .	Past
With the development of the Aurion , designers produced two separate philosophies , each pitched at a specific niche of the market .	Past
The revised Aurion-based Camry previewed the Australian Aurion 's then upcoming facelift .	Past
The Aurion employs a version of Toyota 's " 2GR-FE " V6 engine that also powers the V6 Camry outside of Australasia .	Pres
The Aurion , which is Euro IV emissions compliant , is rated at under the Australian ADR 81 / 01 fuel consumption test .	Past
The dual VVT-i 3.5-litre " 2GR-FE " engine paired to Toyota 's six-speed " U660E " automatic transmission .	Past
This same transmission is also utilised by the supercharged TRD variants .	Past
The TRD variants were pitched to compete with the Subaru Liberty GT and Mazda 6 MPS .	Past
Prior to its introduction , a target of 24,000 annualised sales were predicted for the Australian market , double that of the Avalon 's eventual sales rate .	Past
A further 8,000 vehicles were forecast to be sent abroad to the Middle East and New Zealand .	Past
The Aurion was also judged best large car in the " Drive Car of the Year " competition for both 2006 , 2007 and 2009 .	Past
Toyota also manufactures and markets the Aurion in parts of East and Southeast Asia , where it is marketed under the Toyota Camry branding .	Pres
The decimal in the nomenclature denotes the engine displacement , with the letter representing the level of luxury .	Pres
The 200 variant is mated to the 2.0-litre " 1AZ-FE " while 240 variant gets the 2.4-litre " 2AZ-FE " .	Past
The Camry has enjoyed success in Indonesia , being the best selling car in its class .	Past
The Q trim is equipped with the 3.5-litre 2GR-FE V6 powertrain and a dual exhaust system with all the features of the V trim .	Past
Toyota unveiled the Aurion Sports Concept at the 2006 Australian International Motor Show , held in Sydney .	Past
When available , the range comprised two variants , the 3500S and 3500SL .	Past
Furthermore , the SL gains an aluminium rear bumper reinforcement addition , and is the first production car in the world to use the Eaton twin-vortices supercharger .	Pres
This substantially reduces engine noise while bringing gains to power and torque .	Pres
ProFlowers is headquartered in San Diego , California .	Past
ProFlowers was sued by its major rival , Florists ' Transworld Delivery ( FTD ) , for false advertising and unfair competition in August 2005 .	Past
For its part , ProFlowers responded that the lawsuit was " without merit " and brought counterclaims against FTD .	Past
The parish extends south to Oakley Creek , a branch of Hamford Water , where stood Great Oakley Dock , now disused .	Pres
Boldești-Scăeni ( ) , often spelled " Boldești-Scăieni " , is a town in Prahova County , southern Romania .	Past
Located about 15 km north of Ploiești , it is an important oil-extraction center .	Past
One village , Seciu , is administered by the town .	Past
Therefore , the phalanstère was disbanded in 1836 , a year and a half after it came into existence , with Diamant and Bălăceanu sent into exile .	Past
During World War II , the area was extensively bombed , as part of Operation Tidal Wave .	Past
The town 's economy revolves around oil-extraction as well as winemaking .	Pres
Almost half of the town 's surface is cultivated with vine .	Past
Last two monuments were erected in July 2014 .	Past
It denotes the present ‘ Pavaratty Centre ’ .	Pres
Males constitute 45 % of the population and females 55 % .	Pres
The concept of using the word " flowers " within a Phoneword was originated by William Alexander in the early 1980s .	Past
Their business struggled and that company was dissolved , with its assets going to investors James Poage and John Davis of Texas .	Past
The new corporation struggled financially as well .	Past
The virtual assistant had previously been implemented on the Web .	Past
All tracks composed by Graham McPherson and Mike Barson ; except where indicated	Past
The town administers three villages : Crivina , Malu Spart and Suseni .	Pres
Many of the Romani are refugees from neighbouring Bolintin-Deal , who settled here after the ethnic clashes from 1991 .	Pres
However , Charles Collé 's libretto happened to be ill-adapted to the stage and justified the work 's lack of success .	Past
Michel-Jean Sedaine submitted his libretto , " Le déserteur " , for which he composed his most successful score .	Past
The French Revolution and The Terror deprived them of all their material existence .	Past
The musician and his family sank into deep misery and oblivion for a few years .	Past
Total blindness afflicted his last years .	Past
Private Eyes catered to a variety of growing underground music scenes in its heyday .	Past
The town administers five other villages : Fusea , Hagioaica , Mereni , Plopu and Sălcuța .	Pres
It never flew , instead it was used in various public exhibitions to attract funds and sponsorships .	Past
The event was transmitted live on several Romanian TV stations .	Past
It was supposed to be launched from 18,000 m carried by the largest solar balloon ever constructed , having a volume of 2 million cubic meters .	Past
The Helen rocket was intentionally not aerodynamically stabilized , being intended to use a technique based on the pendulum rocket fallacy .	Past
Inflation was halted and the crew attempted to unwrap the arms .	Past
A new helium balloon was manufactured designed to carry only the second stage of Helen 2 rocket .	Past
The emergency parachute deployed successfully and the capsule was recovered from the sea surface by the Romanian Coast Guard .	Past
In March 2012 , ARCA tested an extremely lightweight composite materials kerosene tank that is intended to be used for the Haas 2C rocket .	Past
Furthermore , ARCA was privately funded compared with ROSA that uses public funding .	Past
In mid-May 2018 , criminal charges were dismissed by a grand jury , after 14 hours of testimony and questioning .	Past
It was equipped with fixed landing gear .	Past
Instead , ARCA opted for a pneumatic catapult as a launcher and landing skids and a recovery parachute for landing .	Past
Furthermore , the engine is equipped with a cooling system that injects on the internal walls 10 percent of the total kerosene mass .	Past
The engine is rotated using two hydraulic pistons that use kerosene from the pump exhaust system .	Past
It burns liquid oxygen and kerosene and has a maximum thrust of 2.5 tons of force .	Pres
The second stage is pressurized at 2 atm at lift-off and after the first stage burn-out , the second stage will be pressurized at 16 atm .	Past
The flight was prepared since August 2006 when another large solar balloon was launched at low altitude in controlled flight .	Past
During this time a special designed parachute was tested .	Past
The flight was prepared since August 2006 , when another large solar balloon was launched at low altitude in controlled flight .	Past
During this time a special designed parachute was tested .	Past
The recovery ship was guided by the satellite transmission system and by Air Force radars .	Past
The vehicle was transported to the Navy shipyard .	Past
The new version , named Helen 2 , was prepared for flight on August 4 , 2010 .	Past
When balloon inflation was initiated , the balloon ruptured because of a construction error and the mission was cancelled .	Past
A manned hot air balloon lifted Helen 2 rocket pressurised capsule at 5200 m altitude .	Past
Mission 6 tested the recovery system for IAR-111 supersonic plane crew capsule .	Past
On September 26 , 2011 a Mi-17 helicopter from Special Aviation Unit lifted the capsule at 700 m above sea level .	Past
The parachute deployed and the capsule landed on the sea surface .	Past
It was recovered by the same helicopter with the help of the Romanian Coast Guard .	Past
The containers and the recovery parachute were recovered by the Navy , at a distance of 92 km from the launch point .	Past
However , one at least ( from Barnack in Cambridgeshire ) had pressed foil caps in each of its 18 holes .	Past
These caps would have prohibited any form of rivet or cord being used as a means of attachment .	Past
This is how the 1970 Atkinson classification translates into the newer classificatory system :	Pres
She writes simple , yet deep poetry , almost always about the state of being in love .	Pres
Injuries , however , has shortened his international career .	Past
Many nations maintain sailing ships in this machine age because they believe there is no better way to build character in young men than sail training .	Pres
Each of the ships flew a banner featuring the tricolor star insignia of the Bicentennial .	Past
The fleet was displaced by the ' Turbo ' Class 165 and Class 166 fleets in 1992 .	Past
The missile is deployed on both ships and land-based vehicles .	Past
At the time , China 's military equipment was seriously lagging behind the Soviets in quality , and Beijing sought Western assistance to modernize its military .	Pres
China imported some land and sea versions of the Thomson-CSF Crotale missile in 1978-1979 for " evaluation " .	Past
It was certified for serial production in 1986-1988 .	Past
Through the 1990s , the HQ-7 was deployed at People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) bases , on PLA vehicles , and PLAN ships .	Past
At some PLAAF bases , the HQ-7 is deployed in hardened shelters .	Past
The PLA has mounted the HQ-7 on towed trailers .	Past
4 x HQ-7 SAMs and a tracking radar system is mounted on a 4x4 vehicle , or towed vehicle .	Past
for which he was banned from playing in official cricket matches in Bangladesh for 10 years by the Bangladesh Cricket Board .	Past
The hosts batted first scoring 295 / 6 from 50 overs , thanks mainly to Maurice Odumbe who scored 119 .	Past
In reply , the home side was struggling at 77 / 4 .	Pres
As the national stadium crowd were basking in afternoon sunshine ( it was early spring ) , they also enjoyed batting of the highest class .	Past
Early on his career , Moni enjoyed a highly successful partnership with another all rounder Aminul Islam Bulbul .	Past
As Bulbul moved up the batting order , he concentrated more on his batting , and less on his bowling .	Past
Then in December 1994 , Mohammad Rafique emerged as a new all rounder for the national side .	Past
Promoted to the opening slot in a rain shortened game , he blasted 26 off only 15 deliveries ; his innings including two sixes and two fours .	Past
The interior of Si-o-se-pol had originally been decorated with paintings , which were often described by travelers to have been erotic .	Past
The town administers six villages : Căzănești , Cioatele , Glodeni , Parpanița , Poiana and Valea Mare .	Pres
Jabalpur ( formerly Jubbulpore ) lay on the upper Narmada , and was an important railway junction .	Past
The Satpura Range divides the Narmada valley from the Deccan Plateau to the south .	Pres
A portion of Berar lay in the upper basin of the Tapti River , which drains westward into the Arabian Sea .	Past
The eastern portion of the state lay in the upper Mahanadi River basin , which forms fertile rice-growing region of Chhattisgarh .	Past
The Maikal Range separates the basins of the Narmada and the Mahanadi .	Pres
By 1881 the population had risen to 11.5 million , and by 1891 to nearly 13 million .	Past
The 1911 census counted a population of 16,033,310 for the Central Provinces and Berar .	Past
The linguistic regions could not be fully integrated as a unit .	Past
Oriya speakers numbered 1,600,000 , or 13.5 % , but the transfer of Sambalpur District to Bengal in 1905 reduced the number of Oriya speakers to 292,000 .	Past
The Central Provinces were administered from 1861 to 1920 by a Chief Commissioner .	Past
This ministry collapsed in 1934 and a new ministry was formed with B. G. Khaparde as Chief Minister and K. S. Naidu as the other minister .	Past
Walker liked the music so much he requested to write some lyrics for the piece , to which Prestwich reluctantly agreed .	Past
I 've grown used to them now . "	Past
It portrays a young man returning to his home town , meeting old friends , and remembering a past lover .	Pres
In the 2005 Australian film " Little Fish " , the song is sung by The Sacred Heart School Choir from Cabramatta .	Past
In LugRadio he frequently advocated freedom , yet despite this often attracted criticism for using proprietary software .	Past
The song opens with acoustic Asus2 and D9 chords.This repeats until the song enters the main structure , a new beat with guitars and harmonica .	Pres
This part of the song mainly switches between C and F , but occasionally uses other chords as well .	Pres
Any arbitrary composition of such rotations and reflections can be rewritten as a composition of no more than 2 reflections .	Past
The Nordic race was supposed to regain its " purity " through selective reproduction and sterilization .	Past
Many organizations existed post WW2 with similar goals .	Past
The tree line ( downy birch ) reaches to elevation on the southern slope of the mountain , the highest tree line in Troms .	Pres
The town administers five villages : Căciulata , Jiblea Nouă , Jiblea Veche , Seaca and Păușa .	Pres
Around about 1770 , the quay was enlarged by Richard Rigby and was known as Port of Mistley .	Past
When Rigby hatched a scheme to turn Mistley into a fashionable spa this plain , rectangular brick building was not in keeping with his grand plans .	Pres
The main body of the church was demolished in 1870 when a new and larger church in the then fashionable Gothic Revival style was built nearby .	Past
The whole neighbourhood brings its corn here to be embarked or stored for the London markets and all the coastal ports .	Pres
a High Court judge sided with the council , meaning that the planning permission for the demolition stood and new homes could be built on the site .	Past
The idealistic Kang always sticks to his principles and often conflicts with Jo , an amoral cop who always tries to take advantage of his position .	Pres
The film spawned two sequels came : " Two Cops 2 " ( 1996 ) , and " Two Cops 3 " ( 1998 ) .	Past
Thus the pendulum predicted that Labor would need a uniform TPP swing of 4.9 points to win the 2007 election .	Past
The 2009 Frome by-election was closely contested , with the result being uncertain for over a week .	Past
The result hinged on the performance of Brock against Labor in the competition for second place .	Past
Brock polled best in the Port Pirie area , and received enough eliminated candidate preferences to end up ahead of the Labor candidate by 30 votes .	Past
An increase or decrease in margins in these situations cannot be meaningfully interpreted as swings .	Past
It commenced with 5 students .	Past
The Hunter Institute has been actively marketing its courses to students in other countries .	Pres
Prieto was traded to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays before the 2001 season .	Past
He was let go in 2017 .	Past
The building was erected on reclaimed land , and the Central Linear Park is built on the South Side next to the building .	Past
After the sale , the developer indicated their intention to use it predominantly for residential use with the first level or two for shop units .	Past
The tree still flourishes to this day and measures over 25 feet in circumference at the base .	Pres
Based in Clearwater , Florida , they are a division of Guruz Media Inc , also based in Clearwater , Florida .	Past
Its motto is " Cum Scientia Caritas " – " Compassion [ empowered ] with Knowledge . "	Past
The council of the RCGP encompasses 32 groups ( ' Faculties ' ) located across the UK , the Republic of Ireland and overseas .	Pres
The college also incorporates devolved councils in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland that liaise with their own national health and primary care organisations .	Pres
The Scottish Council is currently chaired by Dr Carey Lunan .	Past
The membership total has effectively doubled between 1998 and 2008 .	Past
It aims to demonstrate excellence in the provision of General Practice .	Pres
The college also produces several key documents , reports , position statements and occasionally guidance in a variety of areas each year .	Pres
The awards are administered by an Awards Committee chaired by the President , and are usually presented at the college 's two general meetings .	Past
He spoke out in favour of the foundation of the NHS and was held in high regard worldwide for his work in epidemiology .	Past
The terminology " mechanical bond " has been coined to describe the connection between the components of mechanically interlocked molecular architectures .	Past
The introduction of a mechanical bond alters the chemistry of the sub components of rotaxanes and catenanes .	Pres
This increased strength is demonstrated by the necessity of harsher conditions to remove a metal template ion from catenanes as opposed to their non-mechanically bonded analogues .	Past
This increase in strength of non-covalent interactions is attributed to the loss of degrees of freedom upon the formation of a mechanical bond .	Past
The ability for a mechanical bond to reduce reactivity and hence prevent unwanted reactions has been exploited in a number of areas .	Past
He was re-elected provincially in 1871 in the same seat , and in 1872 he was elected in Charlevoix federally .	Past
His election in Charlevoix was invalidated in August 1875 .	Past
The documentary appeals to the spectators ’ sense for compassion and thematically approaches the theme of war itself .	Pres
Helen Fisher , an American biological anthropologist , reveals the astounding and profound processes that unfold in the brain of the lovesick .	Pres
As producer , Christian Frei releases " Raving Iran " , the first feature length documentary directed by Susanne Regina Meures .	Pres
It breeds only on Campbell Island and the associated islet of Jeanette Marie , a small New Zealand island group in the South Pacific .	Pres
It excretes a high saline solution from their nose .	Pres
It weighs and is long .	Pres
The Cambell albatross feeds on fish , squid , crustacea , carrion , and gelatinous organisms .	Pres
The single egg is incubated for around 70 days .	Past
The chicks fledge after about 130 days after hatching .	Pres
The IUCN classifies this species as vulnerable due to the limited number of breeding locations .	Pres
The feral sheep that existed on Campbell Island were fully eradicated by 1991 , and rats and cats were eradicated by 2001 .	Past
The village is clustered round the parish church of 1720 and the demesne walls of Seaforde House .	Past
The Forde family still resides at Seaforde House .	Pres
The maze and walled garden are populated by many wandering peafowl .	Past
Despite being overshadowed by champion sprinter Silent Witness in Hong Kong , Cape of Good Hope some success on international stages .	Pres
However , he missed three times and eventually finished 25th .	Past
He was conceived by a " nagara-shobhini " and brought up an officer of state .	Past
Later he shifted his capital to Vaishali .	Past
He conquered Avanti kingdom by defeating Nandivardhana or Avantivardhana , the last king of Pradyota dynasty .	Past
He was re-elected in 1974 , 1979 , 1982 , 1986 , 1989 , and 1993 .	Past
During nearly one full decade , Gómez was capped 49 times for Colombia , scoring twice .	Past
Gómez 's older brother , Hernán Darío , coached the national teams of Colombia and Ecuador , amongst others .	Past
Icelandair Group focuses on the international airline and tourism sectors , with Iceland as the cornerstone of its international route network .	Pres
The number of employees had been rising steadily from 2.028 in 2010 .	Pres
Icelandair Group traces its roots to the year 1937 when a fledging airline , Flugfélag Akureyrar , was founded at Akureyri on the north coast of Iceland .	Pres
Initially , both companies concentrated on Icelandic domestic air services but then began international flights between Iceland and other countries .	Past
In 1953 Loftleiðir pioneered low-fare services across the North Atlantic and became quite successful for the greater part of two decades .	Past
The next year FL Group landed in dire financial straits and then Icelandair Group was hit by the 2008 – 2012 Icelandic financial crisis .	Past
EBITDA was USD 143.7 million , up by USD 34 million in 2012 .	Past
He was foaled on 18 August 2001 and bred by M Ralston , L J Theodore of Victoria .	Past
He raced without any further successes in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 .	Past
He was capped 61 times and scored 1 international goal for Colombia between 1987 and 1996 .	Past
At the first anniversary of the Pegida protests in Dresden on 19 October 2015 , Pirinçci was invited as keynote speaker .	Pres
Pirinçci 's remarks were apparently deemed too offensive by the crowd , and was booed off the stage .	Past
This reaction by bookstores was criticized by columnist Jan Fleischhauer in Der Spiegel as amounting to authoritarian censorship .	Past
Volker Beck , member of parliament for the German Green Party , filed charges against Pirinçci for public incitement to commit criminal acts and incitement to hatred .	Past
He ascended the throne after replacing his elder brother Govinda II .	Past
In North India , he subjugated the rulers of Kannauj .	Past
He undertook campaigns to Kanchi in 785 and again against the Western Ganga Dynasty in 788 .	Pres
During his reign , Rashtrakutas emerged as a true pan-India power , controlling large regions across the Indian subcontinent .	Past
He was internationally renowned for his investigations on the neural mechanisms underlying the phenomenon of electrogenesis by the electroplaques of electric fishes .	Past
The Institute presently bears his name .	Pres
The church was rebuilt in 1864-6 to a design by Anthony Salvin , at the expense of the Macleans of Lazonby Hall .	Past
In recent years many new housing developments have sprung up in the village .	Past
At Low Plains there is a mineral water bottling plant which bottles " Aqua Pura " mineral water .	Pres
An electoral ward exists in the same name .	Pres
This ward stretches south to Great Salkeld with a total population taken at the 2011 Census of 1,388 .	Pres
Mendoza was capped 67 times and scored 2 international goals for Colombia between 1987 and 1997 .	Past
From his early years , Rantoul exhibited a precociousness , maturity , and love for learning that made an indelible impression on those around him .	Past
At age 14 , Rantoul enrolled at Phillips Andover Academy , where he would study under the tutelage of the famous educator John Adams .	Past
What he regarded as the humanity and justice of his political opinions , were treated , by the selfish and the arrogant , as treasonable to wealth .	Past
Even Webster , the opposing counsel , clapped his hands with applause .	Past
He argued that he could not be .	Past
An act is not forbidden by statute , but it becomes void by judicial construction .	Past
He was capped 48 times and scored 3 international goals for Colombia between 1989 and 1998 .	Past
He averaged 31.09 in 250 matches , in which he scored 10,355 runs with a best of 170 not out .	Past
However , Schliemann 's identification of the shaft graves with Homeric heroes was not accepted by many archaeologists in his own day .	Pres
The shaft graves are conventionally dated to ca .	Past
The cup is dated to the Geometric Period ( c.750-700 BC ) and is believed to have been originally manufactured in Rhodes .	Past
Both inscriptions are dated to c.740-720 BC and have been linked to early writing in the island of Euboea .	Past
The inscription is fragmented , as some shards of the cup are lost .	Past
This is usually transcribed ( in later classical orthography , with the missing parts in brackets ) as :	Past
This is reinforced by the phrasing of the last verse , which says , albeit very elegantly , that the drinker will become sexually aroused .	Past
In 1978 , Pablo Records repackaged the album with the addition of two new recordings from February 1978 .	Past
Harihara I is accredited with establishing a centralized administrative setup and an orderly governance which afforded peace , prosperity , and security to his subjects .	Past
In addition to its subscription based offering , Outside TV also possesses a free app called Outside TV Shorts .	Pres
The free version of the Outside TV Features app limits the amount of content a viewer can see .	Pres
They mainly inhabit fresh and brackish water , but a few can live in salt water ( at least for a period ) .	Pres
It administers two villages , Berevoești and Costești .	Pres
Armed conflict erupted again in 1459 , and again Clifford was found on the side of the King and Queen .	Past
Following the coronation of the by-then victorious Edward IV , he was attainted and his lands confiscated by the Crown .	Past
Clifford inherited the barony of Clifford , the family seat at Skipton Castle and the hereditary office of High Sheriff of Westmorland .	Past
He was summoned to Parliament on 30 July 1460 .	Past
The next point at which Clifford appears to have been fully involved in national politics was attending the parliament summoned to Coventry in November 1459 .	Pres
The Yorkist army was routed , and all three Yorkist lords were killed .	Past
Clifford was knighted by the Lancastrian commander , Henry Beaufort , Duke of Somerset prior to the battle commencing .	Past
On 17 February 1461 they encountered a Yorkist army , led by Warwick and his brother John Neville , at St Albans .	Past
Clifford is depicted in Sharon Kay Penman 's historical novel , " The Sunne in Splendour " .	Past
In short , the village as a village was entirely swept away ; not one of the original workers ' houses remains .	Past
The people were all rehoused in a housing estate on the opposite hillside .	Past
Kristina Šmigun-Vähi was coached by her father .	Past
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) .	Past
It was abolished following the 2012 electoral boundary review and was largely replaced by the new electoral districts of Clare-Digby and Annapolis .	Past
Supervised by Paul Schimmel , his doctoral research was an investigation of the structure function relationships of transfer RNAs and their complexes .	Past
At Corning Schoemaker rapidly progressed from being a specialist in immunoassay development for diagnostics to heading research and development .	Past
Among his achievements at the company was devising effective diagnostic kit tests for thyroid disorders .	Pres
Schoemaker was diagnosed in 1994 with a form of brain cancer , medulloblastoma .	Past
In 1929 , Davis disappeared under suspicious circumstances .	Past
In April 1929 , Davis vanished .	Past
His family initially concealed his absence , and " The Afro American " newspaper first mentioned his disappearance in mid-May .	Past
that night and then checked out the following morning .	Past
The electoral district was abolished following the 2012 electoral boundary review and was largely replaced by the new electoral districts of Queens-Shelburne and Argyle-Barrington .	Past
Elected with the government of premier Pat Binns in 1996 , she served as Provincial Treasurer ( Minister of Finance ) until 2003 .	Past
Two people traveled to represent Colombia ; musician Emirto de Lima , and marathon runner Jorge Perry .	Past
The central bank 's reserves were depleted and the nation was struggling to pay debt , and peso was devalued repetitively .	Past
" I seized the opportunity to write of Wales and the Welsh .	Past
After two days , it was breached by cannon fire and taken , following which the surviving defenders were all hanged .	Past
Ludlow ensured that the castle could never again be fortified and garrisoned , by knocking the outer defensive walls .	Past
Some land titles are still vested in the college to this day .	Past
The Abbey was raided twice by English forces coinciding with the military action against Carrigafoyle Castle .	Past
The Abbey was dissolved in the 17th century .	Past
The village in its present form dates from the end of the eighteenth century , though a bridge over the ford existed long before then .	Past
Constructed in 1940 , it is the only such fortification built by the Irish Defence Forces during World War II , termed the Emergency in Ireland .	Past
Once inside the Labour Party , its members were instructed to work under the direction of Gerry Healy in his entrist group The Club .	Past
Cliff himself , being a member of the almost non-existent Irish section of the FI , could not be expelled .	Past
In the event he was expelled and the group 's politics as a Trotskyist tendency differing only in its analysis of Stalinism was confirmed .	Past
By this time though , IS as a whole was drifting away from entrist work within the Labour Party as the industrial struggle developed .	Pres
In 1974 the Left Faction , one of whose leaders was Dave Stocking , was also expelled and formed Workers Power .	Past
In the meantime the parent National Rank and File Organising Committee disappeared .	Past
This debate centred on the role to be played by the group 's publication " Woman 's Voice " .	Past
Another attempt to reach Asian workers had been initiated by Nigel Harris but had faded quite rapidly .	Past
Expelled , they were to form Red Action .	Past
Later this stance was reversed .	Past
In 2001 , the international tendency expelled the US section , the International Socialist Organization , despite no serious political differences .	Past
SWP publications are now printed by commercial printers with the result that their appearance has undergone a great improvement .	Past
'Delta ' has never been questioned by the police about the allegations made against him .	Past
Mannerheim devoted much of his time to natural sciences and acquired a significant scientific collection of Coleoptera .	Past
He was decorated with the Cross of the Order of Saint Stanislaus and was made a knight of the Order of Saint Vladimir .	Past
These were supplemented by other Kalmyks who had settled in Belgrade following their flight with White Russian emigres after the Russian October Revolution .	Past
Kalmyk Kavallerie Korps acted within German Wehrmacht as an independent allied force with all leadership positions taken by Kalmyks .	Past
After the war , nearly all of the surviving Kalmyk soldiers along with the Kalmyk families that accompanied them were forcibly repatriated to the Soviet Union .	Past
The Kalmykian people were internally deported for 13 years as a punishment for collaborating with Germans .	Past
More than 90 % of the population depends on it as the main source of income .	Pres
It was subdivided into 100 " cents " .	Past
This currency was fixed at 1 dollar = 1 Japanese yen , compared to a 1 : 2 pre-war rate .	Past
Later they were minted under " State of North Borneo " , starting in 1903 .	Past
All coins depicted the company / state coat of arms on the obverse and denomination on the reverse .	Past
These were last minted in 1941 and later phased out and replaced by coins of the Malayan dollar .	Past
Banknotes were printed in values of 25 cents , 50 cents , $ 1 , $ 5 , $ 10 , and $ 25 .	Past
However , their physical sizes tend to shrink over time .	Pres
Opened in 1965 as Centennial Coliseum , it hosted the Big Sky Conference basketball tournament and also hosts boxing matches .	Past
This indicates that it is probably a so-called cratering family composed of ejecta from impacts on 3 Juno .	Pres
He researched the deformation of bone cells .	Past
Rodan researched the connection between osteoblasts and osteoclasts and helped to analyse and describe the two .	Past
In further works he examined the role of steroid in bone metabolism and the communication between bones and hormones .	Past
It was subsequently possessed by Lydians , Persians , Ancient Macedonians and Seleucids , the kings of Pergamon , Romans and then Byzantines .	Past
Başmakçı is well-established as the leading egg producing area in Turkey .	Past
In June 1949 , he challenged Dick Turpin , elder brother of Randolph , for his British and Commonwealth middleweight titles .	Past
The province of Afyonkarahisar is famed for the quality of its marble , most of which is quarried in the district of İscehisar .	Past
In addition , the actor , who was an avid reader , enjoyed building and customising vintage motorcycles .	Past
An experienced acrobatics pilot , Joe Frankel flew his plane as far from populated areas as he could , but he did not survive the eventual impact .	Past
Frenkel collided with a lorry in Chiswick , West London .	Past
In this festival , the farmers competes to exhibit their cherries to the jury .	Pres
The younger generation are migrating to larger cities in search of careers .	Pres
On that occasion , Heracles slew Poltys ' insolent brother Sarpedon on the beach of Aenus .	Pres
Under Justinian I ( r . 527 – 565 ) , the city wall was heightened and the previously unprotected shore fortified .	Past
In 1189 , the town was plundered by soldiers of the Third Crusade under Duke Frederick of Swabia , with the inhabitants fleeing by ship .	Past
In the " Partitio Romaniae " of 1204 , the city is attested as a distinct district ( " catepanikium de Eno " ) .	Past
In 1351 , John V Palaiologos demanded possession of Ainos from the senior emperor John VI Kantakouzenos .	Past
Maria locked herself in the city 's citadel and continued to resist for a while , before agreeing to depart .	Past
Niccolo Gattilusio was deposed by his son Palamede in 1408 / 9 , who ruled until his death in 1454 .	Past
Helena Notaras appealed to the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II who attacked the city from land and sea and forced its surrender in January 1456 .	Past
Its bishop Olympius was driven from the see by the Arians under Constantius II .	Past
The snow melts in March and April and the spring rains last until June , during these months the rivers are full .	Pres
Cattle are grazed in the pastures and some wheat is grown despite the dry summers , and in general Alucra is a collection of remote villages .	Past
However in all races ( both individual and relay ) she belonged to the best Czechoslovak athletes .	Past
She practised in a cold weather in Šumava while great heat was expected for Atlanta race	Past
" I overrun about 15 racers but then a terrible crisis came upon me .	Pres
She mainly complained about the terrible heat and said it was one of her worst experiences .	Past
" If the track was more firm , I believe I would stand on the platform " , she commented .	Past
At the end of the year she clearly dominated the Czech Championships on 5 km free and 10 km classic .	Past
She commented it was mainly training for her as the main goal for the season was World Championships .	Past
Neumannová defended her 10 km free title at the following championships in Sapporo on 27 February 2007 .	Past
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) .	Past
In 1988 he was beatified , by Pope John Paul II .	Past
She chaired the committee organising the Kraków bid for the 2022 Winter Olympics , but resigned from this position in April 2014 .	Past
Moreover , he exempted them from paying taxes .	Past
Recently trout farming has begun in the mountain waterways and more importantly the attractive high pasture lands have begun to attract visitors on trekking holidays .	Past
The main industry is hazelnut processing , and in August the whole area is busy with people harvesting hazelnuts and bringing them into town .	Pres
The local economy depends of growing hazelnuts and fishing in the Black Sea .	Pres
Village has drinking water network .	Pres
The hillsides are planted with hazelnuts , fruit trees , chestnuts , and other deciduous trees .	Past
Some tea and corn are grown , and animals graze on the higher slopes .	Past
Yağlıdere has historically belonged to the Colchis Kingdom , Pontus Kingdom , Roman Empire , Trabzon Greek Empire , and Ottoman Empire .	Past
Some consider Black Sea food the best in Turkey , particularly the fruit such as cherries and apricots .	Pres
In some versions the pistons oscillate around a fixed center , as opposed to rotating around the entire engine .	Pres
These engines utilize fuel much more efficiently than other internal combustion engines and generate a high torque output with twelve compressions per oscillation .	Pres
Charles Parsons examined the concept and appears to have produced two swing-piston engine designs before moving on to the steam turbine .	Past
The overall turboprop looked much more like a jet engine than a piston one .	Past
Lutz later patented the design under " Rotary compressor and other engines " , United States Patent 2,301,667 .	Past
In the 1990s , a number of inventors re-introduced the concept as if it were new .	Past
He longed to give these " toughs " some of the summer fresh air and fun he had experienced as a child on the family farm .	Past
With the disbanding of Cool for August in 2001 , Gordon stepped back from the mainstream music scene .	Past
Dubois is commemorated in the scientific name of a species of venomous sea snake , " Aipysurus duboisii " .	Past
It is powered by a Lycoming flat-six normally-aspirated engine situated behind the cabin and driving a fixed pitch ducted fan .	Past
The wings are unswept and untapered .	Past
The Optica , upgraded to the more powerful Lycoming IO-540 , entered production in 1983 .	Past
A total of 22 Opticas have been manufactured , and construction of a twenty-third began but was not completed .	Past
At the end of 2018 , IFG halted its program re-launch efforts due to the lack of a suitable OEM strategic partner .	Past
On 15 May 1985 , Optica G-KATY crashed , killing its Hampshire Constabulary pilot and his photographer passenger .	Past
They drained my very soul ... "	Past
The Upper division of Skyrack was bounded to the north by the River Wharfe whilst the southern edge was bounded by the River Aire .	Past
The Skyrack wapentake derives its name from a large oak that grew for centuries in Headingley .	Pres
The tree finally collapsed in 1941 .	Past
It belongs to the Zamiaceae plant family within the order Cycadales .	Pres
Since the organism is slow-growing and xerophilous ( i.e .	Pres
Most of the areas in which " D. edule " resides are subjected to very dry climates and frequent brush fires which impact their survival and distribution .	Past
" D. edule " exemplifies a Type III survivorship curve and clumped distributions .	Pres
However , the release of nutrients and minerals encourages females to develop cones during the following season .	Pres
In addition to climate , seeds must also avert rodent predators .	Pres
Evidence suggests " D. edule " subsp .	Pres
It is also speculated that the narrower leaves are endemic in the northern subspecies due to less temperate and humid environmental conditions in these areas .	Past
They assist the plant by fixing nitrogen thus giving the plant essential nutrients in exchange for protection .	Pres
They are threatened by human-caused habitat destruction and collection for horticultural and medicinal purposes .	Past
The first exploded at around 1 : 45PM local time , ( 10 : 45 UTC ) and the second exploded about 15 minutes later .	Past
Bracts shorter than pedicels , 0.8 - 1.5 cm long , shallowly connate , pedicels about 4.5 cm long .	Pres
Most specimens seem to have few flowers .	Pres
The area is irrigated by the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority .	Past
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as oceanic ( Cfb ) .	Pres
The cloth is usually woven with the plain weave , and may be patterned in various ways , though checked cloths are the most common .	Past
Short fibres of the cheaper kind are easily detached from the cloth .	Past
Although it was suppressed as a residential Byzantine see ( circa 900 ?	Past
A museum for the Turkish National Movement was inaugurated in 2008 under the name " Burhaniye Kuvay-ı Milliye Müzesi " .	Past
On the town was freed from Greek occupation .	Past
In 1728 Emperor Charles VI enfeoffed the George II Augustus and his House of Hanover in personal union with the reverted fief of Saxe-Lauenburg .	Past
By a redeployment of Hanoverian territories in 1731 the Hanoverian Duchies of Bremen and Verden were conveyed the administration of the neighboured " Land of Hadeln " .	Past
She then posed for the magazine " H Extremo " .	Past
In 2016 , she switched to the TV Azteca broadcaster , which saw her grow up as an actress .	Past
It comprises Marmara , Avşa , Ekinlik and Paşalimanı islands along with the neighbouring smaller islands .	Pres
It is styled after other kart racers such as the " Mario Kart " series and " Diddy Kong Racing .	Past
It is occasionally grown as an ornamental plant in southern Europe and southern North America , but is not widely cultivated .	Past
Sean punched his father during an argument , causing Brian to suffer a brain haemorrhage and die whilst working on a building site the next day .	Past
Sean panicked and on his sixteenth birthday , he ran away , joined the army and lost all contact with his family .	Past
After taking revenge on Al , Sean decides to stay in Walford to look after Stacey .	Pres
Tanya pretends to split up with Sean and reunite with Max , but secretly they conspire to bury Max alive .	Pres
However Tanya feels guilty and releases Max .	Pres
Sean keeps quiet but takes the rejection hard .	Pres
In November 2008 , when Roxy goes into premature labour , Archie pretends to call Sean but doesn 't so he misses the birth of Amy .	Pres
In December 2008 , Jack asks Roxy for a paternity test .	Pres
She receives the results and hides them away , however Archie finds them and makes a copy .	Pres
Sean is devastated and attacks Jack , Amy 's biological father , then goes on the rampage , kidnapping Amy .	Past
On New Year 's Day 2009 , Sean asks Stacey to look after Amy for a few days , knowing that she will return her to Roxy .	Pres
Sean drives them to an icy lake , intending to drive into the water and drown as a family .	Pres
Sean frees Roxy from the weeds that she has got entangled in as Ronnie dives into the water to rescue her .	Pres
Roxy then sees Sean crawling out of the water whilst Ronnie and Jack are warming up back at the car .	Pres
She signals him to leave and Sean walks away .	Pres
But as a 16-year-old boy Sean blamed it on himself . "	Past
He replied : " [ F ] or whatever reason , I don 't think Sean 's exit on New Year 's Day was our finest moment .	Past
Kazinsky 's return was previously teased in an interview with senior executive producer Kate Oates that month .	Past
He also looked forward to being involved in his storyline and appearing alongside his on-screen family .	Past
In six different levels and with four different special power outfits it features Mickey Mouse on his journey to find his dog Pluto .	Pres
It was criticized , however , for being relatively short .	Past
When it is Goofy 's turn to throw the ball , he accidentally throws it too far .	Pres
Some outfits can be upgraded in the general stores found scattered throughout the game .	Past
The size of the magic blasts depends on how long it is charged .	Pres
The firefighter uniform that Mickey finds in the third level lets him spray a continuous water stream at enemies .	Pres
Similarly to the magician outfit , spraying water with the firefighter uniform drains Mickey 's water meter which is refilled by collecting the fire hydrant item .	Pres
The game was remade for the Game Boy Advance in 2002 with the name " Disney 's Magical Quest Starring Mickey and Minnie " .	Past
A great deal of the criticism was geared towards the difficulty of the game .	Past
Again , most critics liked the graphics of the game , although some thought that the GBA version had slightly worse graphics than the SNES version .	Past
The game length was also criticized , as in the SNES version .	Past
Mickey and Minnie are surprised by Goofy 's claim , but choose to go to the circus and see it with their own eyes .	Past
At the circus they realize that their friends Pluto and Donald are gone .	Pres
The sweeper outfit , which is the second outfit , allows Mickey and Minnie to vacuum up some types of enemies with their vacuum cleaner .	Pres
The GBA version was criticized for not pushing the system 's limits and for not providing any extra feature besides the link cable support .	Past
It was later re-released for the Game Boy Advance , which was the first version of the game to be released outside Japan .	Past
Unlike the two earlier games in the series , an outfit now behaves different depending on if Mickey or Donald wears it .	Pres
While hiding in the attic from their uncle Donald Duck , Donald 's triplet nephews Huey , Dewey and Louie , discover an old book .	Pres
The book , which turns out to be magical , transports the triplets to Storybook land .	Pres
Some outfits can be upgraded in the general shops found in the game .	Past
The strength of the attack ( glove or hammer ) depends on how much the bar has filled .	Pres
The municipality of Aparecida do Rio Doce belongs to the Sudoeste de Goiás Microregion and is 208 km .	Pres
Beans and grains are not consumed by observant people during because they are believed to be contaminated by sin .	Past
Each Ekādaśī day is purported to have particular benefits and blessings that are attained by the performance of specific activities .	Past
Vishtikarana coincides with the second half of Krishna Dasami .	Pres
The Vishnu mantra chanted on this day is :	Past
It was subdivided into 100 " cents " .	Past
This currency was fixed at 1 dollar = 1 Japanese yen , compared to a 1 : 2 pre-war rate .	Past
In 1920 the 1 cent was struck in copper-nickel but later reverted to bronze in 1927 .	Past
However an re-analysis of the sources of this story in 2014 suggests the story is fanciful .	Pres
When Roo and Lumpy reach the supposed Gobloon 's lair , Lumpy loses his courage to catch the Gobloon .	Pres
Roo believes that if Piglet can conquer his fears , then so can Lumpy .	Pres
An inspired Lumpy helps Roo set a trap for the Gobloon , but the two end up fleeing once they think the Gobloon is returning .	Pres
Once back with the others , Roo recruits Pooh , Piglet , Tigger , Eeyore and Rabbit to help him capture the Gobloon and save Lumpy .	Pres
The group arrives at the trap and believes the Gobloon is trapped , unaware that it is actually Lumpy .	Pres
Roo wishes to have his friend Lumpy back .	Pres
She explains that she must have accidentally dropped Lumpy 's Jack-o ' -lantern — a mistake that sparked the entire adventure .	Pres
The name Fruängen translates as " lady 's " or " ladies ' meadow " or possibly " Our Lady 's meadow " .	Pres
Previously , the only supplies of alum were imported from the East , from sources controlled by the Ottoman Turks , through Venice , which profited greatly .	Past
" Or have I lied to us both , as I lied you full of tales when we were young ? . " )	Past
He also equipped most of his songs with catchy tunes which in some cases have made it as instrumental versions .	Past
He also sang songs with texts by others , e.g .	Past
They were pioneering among the musicological performance studies of the singer songwriter genre in Sweden - the so called ” visa ” .	Pres
The Castle of Lauria , later attributed to Roger of Lauria , was built by Saracens .	Past
iVolume aims to improve upon Sound Check by instead applying the ReplayGain algorithm .	Pres
It replaces the settings computed by iTunes with new values computed via the ReplayGain algorithm .	Pres
Furthermore , the unlicensed version stops functioning after analysing 1000 tracks .	Pres
Lonely Runs Both Ways is the twelfth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station , released November 23 , 2004 .	Pres
The song " A Living Prayer " was honored with the award for Bluegrass Recorded Song of the Year from the Gospel Music Association .	Past
It helps desalinate their bodies , due to the high amount of ocean water that they imbibe .	Pres
It can be distinguished from the Atlantic yellow-nosed by its head , the grey plumage of which is lighter on the Indian yellow-nosed .	Past
It breeds annually , and the adults begin breeding at the age of eight years .	Pres
Incubation lasts around 70 days .	Pres
It feeds on fish , crustaceans and cephalopods .	Pres
At sea it ranges from South Africa to the Pacific Ocean just beyond New Zealand , ranging from 30 ° S to 50 ° S .	Pres
The Hungarian peasants , still largely pagan , suspected he was intent on bringing Hungary into the fold of the Holy Roman Empire .	Past
Urseolo fled to Bavaria , in exile allying himself with German king and Holy Roman Emperor Henry III .	Past
In the years that followed , Aba 's reign weakened , likely due to opposition from the church , who disliked his catering to pagan beliefs .	Past
Urseolo regained the throne , but Hungary was no longer independent ; it became a vassal kingdom of the Holy Roman Empire .	Past
During the reign of Samuel Aba , they had fled the country in fear of their lives , Béla to Poland and András and Levente to Kiev .	Past
According to legend Vata shaved his head in the pagan fashion , leaving three braids remaining , and declared war on the Christians .	Past
A slaughter of priests and Christians by Vata 's mob ensued .	Past
As András and Levente 's men moved towards Pest , the bishops Gerard , Besztrik , Buldi and Beneta gathered to greet them .	Past
Buldi was stoned to death .	Past
Once in power he distanced himself from Vatha and the pagans .	Past
However , they were not punished for their actions .	Past
He is best remembered for his work of the post-war years .	Past
He is commemorated in Oxford by the annual Bateson lecture , which is published in " Essays in Criticism " .	Past
Lovere possesses a metallurgic plant , Lucchini RS , which employs about 1300 people and specializes in the manufacture of railroad wheels and axles .	Pres
He also cancelled von Ohain 's Heinkel HeS 8 at the same time .	Past
However , they are repeatedly interrupted by sniping at them .	Past
Due to a conflict over the exact number of times in which the word should have been repeated , Sarge was demoted to serve in Blood Gulch .	Past
Satisfied with the performances , Sarge then suggests an assortment of possible gifts using a scrolling list which moves too quickly to be read .	Pres
As the scenes progress , Caboose commonly has mistaken a grenade for another object related to fireworks , leading to a large explosion .	Past
Simmons then yells " What are you talking about ?	Pres
I wasn 't even in this video ! "	Pres
Finally , Donut advises to stay warm and avoid computer viruses .	Pres
As Grif pretends to be sick himself , Sarge prepares his own unorthodox treatments .	Pres
In Situation # 1 , Andy complains loudly about the previews .	Pres
Grif and Simmons complain of the constantly advancing state of current technology , seemingly rendering each device obsolete shortly after release .	Pres
Periodically , they switch to Sarge talking to Lopez about the plot of Lost .	Pres
Simmons introduces the achievement function from the Xbox 360 into Red vs. Blue , however Grif disapproves of this saying that they are stupid .	Pres
The first hit earns him an achievement , but upon realizing that they can only be earned once , Sarge becomes upset and leaves .	Pres
Grif then earns an achievement stating that there is no air in his suit .	Pres
Subsequently he chokes and Simmons tells him that the achievements see all .	Pres
The Red Team discusses the current financial crisis and prepares to offer suggestions on how to cope with the situation .	Pres
Following the events of Reconstruction , the Reds sit down to celebrate Thanksgiving .	Pres
Each character then presents a dish from their own culture .	Pres
Grif is refusing to help defend the base , due to his new beliefs , so Sarge offers up an unhelpful plan .	Pres
Sarge then steals the Blue flag with a jetpack and flies to a view of the expanded territory of the canyon .	Pres
Washington teaches the Reds about the Halo Global Championship which they begin to practice for .	Pres
Sarge has partnered with Donut to created another trailer based on himself , " Sarge 2 : Sarge Harder " .	Past
Lopez discusses empathy and other social interaction workings .	Pres
Sarge attempts to deliver hard truths on viewers , only to discover the others prepared a " friendtervention " where Sarge is roasted .	Past
Celebrating Christmas 2004 in the wasteland without Church , the teams reminisce about the previous Christmas , and how he ruined it for them all .	Pres
The teams prepare for the 2005 Sundance Film Festival .	Pres
Church joins an upcoming game of Halo 3 , but disagrees on the type of game that Simmons chose .	Pres
Tucker arrives a moment later , and is dismayed that they were going to have to play Simmons ' game .	Pres
Church even mentions that Caboose voted for a cat , but still managed to vote .	Pres
The Blues discover several weapon enhancements .	Pres
Later a new rookie ( Probably a replacement for Tucker ) on the Blue Team arrives at Red Base to find some " headlight fluid " .	Pres
The video closes with Sarge giving him a bomb , which apparently explodes and kills him off screen .	Pres
At the start of the episode , Sarge reads a telegram from command , announcing the soldiers are going home .	Pres
Grif thinks this means the war is over , and happily gets on the first transport .	Pres
He then suggests such festive games as " raise the flagpole " .	Pres
The " Red vs. Blue " cast display stories of Red and Blue battles from throughout history .	Pres
Released exclusively on the Xbox Live Marketplace for download .	Past
Available on limited edition " Halo 3 " branded Microsoft Zune media devices , this video was also created with the " Halo 3 " Beta engine .	Past
Segments are intermixed with comments made by Church and Tucker , who are spying on their activities .	Past
After explaining the various criteria each candidate was judged on , Sarge eventually reveals the new understudy to be Tex .	Pres
In Foundry , Simmons creates a mancannon for firing objects at Grif .	Pres
Ralph explains the layout of Rat 's Nest while discouraging Church from touching a twenty megaton warhead .	Pres
The Reds are impressed by the base in Standoff , which Caboose claims to have created .	Past
Ralph concludes by announcing the release date for the maps .	Pres
When Tucker asks " And why do we want to play this ?	Pres
" , Caboose replies " Would you rather play ...	Pres
and the alien throws a plasma grenade at Tucker .	Pres
Church complains about his poor seats for the concert , and begins to heckle Simmons in the front row .	Pres
Grif and Simmons talk to A-Kon attendees about the rules to follow while at the convention .	Pres
Created to introduce a music video on the show , as part of a special segment done on Rooster Teeth Productions .	Past
Sarge was expecting Scott to attack the Blue Team but since Sarge considers General Managers as pencil-necked weaklings he decided to paint Donut blue .	Pres
Scott briefly explains the features of Silverlight before being shown around Blood Gulch .	Pres
On encountering Donut they let Scott shoot Donut thinking that he would miss .	Past
Grif explains that Sarge is practicing flying , inspired by the movie " Iron Man 2 " .	Pres
A few seconds later , Sarge flies up on jet boots , tells the audience to turn off their cell phones , then flies away .	Pres
Church awakes and realizes that this episode had " apparently " been merely a dream , when he finds himself confronted by the French-speaking Lopez .	Pres
No Parliament sat between the years of 1615 and 1634 , so he never voted in Parliament , but constantly enjoyed the title .	Past
This was repeated in 2010 and 2013 .	Past
It is accessed via Princess Road , the A5103 .	Past
The college campus was redeveloped from 2002 to 2014 when four buildings were constructed .	Past
Pupils studying at Roman Catholic partnership schools in Greater Manchester are guaranteed a place at Loreto if they wish to go .	Past
It landed right of the goalpost .	Past
Koenen 's first punt of the game was blocked by Saints safety Steve Gleason .	Past
Gleason 's block bounced into the end zone and was recovered for a touchdown by Curtis Deloatch .	Past
A restricted free agent in the 2008 offseason , Koenen was tendered a one-year , $ 1.417 million contract by the Falcons .	Past
He re-signed on April 14 .	Past
He coached the Crusaders to 11 NCAA tournament appearances , with 5 coming in the NCAA Division I tournament .	Past
Despite the addition of Indianapolis ( formerly Indiana Central ) and Wabash in 1970 , the conference officially disbanded in 1978 .	Past
At Rally Catalunya he raced with Ford Focus RS WRC 08 instead of his usual Peugeot 307 WRC .	Past
The 179th Ohio Infantry mustered out of service June 18 , 1865 , at Nashville , Tennessee .	Past
Ordered to Nashville , Tennessee , arriving there October 8 .	Past
Engaged in post and garrison duty at Nashville , Tenn . , October 1864 to June 1865 .	Past
Kick it Out enjoys a mutually supportive relationship with the Football Supporters ' Federation .	Pres
Although Lescott had given written evidence , Emre escaped punishment .	Past
The bike was christened Spring-heeled Jack by Harold Willis , and has been known by that name ever since by enthusiasts all over the world .	Past
Friction dampers were fitted to these links and there were also two more at the bottom pivots at the fork-ends .	Past
Returned to how it had been when it was bought and used by Mr. Teague .	Past
He undertook articles in 1891 , and was admitted as a solicitor in 1896 .	Pres
Horne also did role-playing game work for Iron Crown Enterprises , West End Games , Alderac Entertainment Group , and Troll Lord Games .	Pres
Horne also illustrated cards for the " " collectible card game .	Past
When NBC abandoned the format , WNTS was switched to religious broadcasting .	Past
In 1987 , WHN was switched to WFAN , the first all sports radio station in America .	Past
Emmis owns " Indianapolis Monthly " magazine , as well as a controlling interest in Digonex , which provides dynamic pricing solutions across multiple industries .	Pres
The 180th Ohio Infantry mustered out of service July 12 , 1865 , at Charlotte , North Carolina .	Past
Moved to Nashville , Tenn . , January 6 ; then moved as supply train guard to Columbia , Tenn . , January 10 .	Past
Returned to Nashville and moved to Washington , D.C. ; then to North Carolina January 16-February 25 .	Past
In his 14-year career , he forged a successful , if inconsistent first-class career .	Past
The origins of the Robert Napier School extend back to 1905 when the ‘ Napier Road School ’ opened at Napier Road , Gillingham .	Pres
Models with these engines were coded G5HS and G6HS respectively .	Past
The radiator was mounted vertically , directly behind the front wheels , and the semi-elliptic leaf springs were of substantial construction .	Past
Due to heavy weight of the Freeline , its sales in home market were disappointing .	Pres
This was to the Crellin-Duplex patented ' half-deck ' layout .	Past
The first ( their number 201 , registered p2.252 ) was exported completely built up with a Saunders-Roe B44D body .	Past
Daimler and SARO supplied the other 89 of the initial batch as completely knocked down ( CKD ) kits , which were assembled in New Zealand .	Past
The second batch of 70 , from 1956-8 , were locally bodied .	Past
A 1953 Daimler Freeline has been preserved at Auckland 's Museum of Transport and Technology .	Past
The crater is centered at 58.5 ° S , 192.61 ° W .	Past
Erected during the middle Neolithic , when they were used by the Funnelbeaker culture , at least some were in use until the early Bronze Age .	Past
As of 2001 , about 400 of those are preserved in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , 55 of which are located on the isle of Rügen .	Past
Three dolmens are encircled by standing , solitary rocks which either form a rectangular shape ( " Hünenbett " , dolmen Nr .	Past
Both " Hünenbett " shapes are oriented from east to west , and their long sides measure and , respectively .	Past
Most probably , a magic function was ascribed to the amber pearls , especially the ones of a double axe shape .	Past
Two stone axes were excavated in dolmen Nr .	Past
1 , one double-edged , and another two stone axes were found in dolmen Nr .	Past
In recent history , its excavated dolmen was used as a shelter by the East German army .	Past
The museum also performs a task of research , rescue , preservation , dissemination and exhibition of heritage treasure pieces , documentary and bibliographic .	Pres
Dolores Margaret Lee ( born April 21 , 1935 ) is a former female pitcher who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League .	Pres
Listed at , 130 lb , she batted and threw right-handed .	Past
Lee pitched in the last three years of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League .	Past
Manager Berger , who also scouted for the AAGPBL , recommended Lee to the league 's tryouts when she turned 16 .	Past
She was allocated to the Racine Belles , a team managed by the aforementioned Bill Allington .	Past
Lee posted a 1 – 2 record in five games for Rockford in 1952 and was named Rookie of the Year .	Past
Dolores Lee , who divided her playing time between pitching and third base , startled the public with a stunning throwing demonstration .	Past
It happened in 1956 , at Nicollet Park , when Stanky managed the Minneapolis Millers minor league team .	Past
The speedy Joanne Weaver raced a horse from left field to home plate on numerous occasions , just with only a " modest " head start .	Past
In 1995 Lee was inducted in the Hudson County Athletic Hall of Fame for her achievements in baseball .	Past
The paper publishes mostly in English with some pages in " Oshiwambo " and targets a readership aged between 18 and 40 .	Pres
While " AZ " has a German-speaking readership , and " Republikein " targets Afrikaans speakers , the " Namibian Sun " focuses on an English-speaking audience .	Pres
It belongs to the Cabildo de Tenerife and the Tenerife Organization of Museums and Centers .	Pres
The original county courthouse was erected in Albany in 1853 but was destroyed by fire in 1861 .	Past
He is best remembered as the General Counsel of the United Auto Workers Union from 1937 to 1946 .	Past
In September 1910 , Sugar enrolled at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , studying law .	Past
He was indicted , convicted and sentenced to a year in prison .	Past
Sugar 's papers , consisting of over 60 linear feet of material , are housed at the Walter P. Reuther Library at Wayne State University in Detroit .	Past
The Ziama Massif extends northeast-southwest , continuing south into Liberia as the Kpo Range .	Pres
A WORLDMASTER chassis with an Atlantean rear end forms the basis of the new Lion passenger vehicle .	Pres
An Atlantean style glass fibre bustle could be supplied to cover the engine , or coach-builders could enclose it , examples were built to both styles .	Past
Leyland mocked up a version of the bustle with fins and tail-lights from the contemporary Austin Cambridge A55 but this did not enter production .	Past
Another example ( DP90 ) is preserved by the Bus Preservation Society of Western Australia .	Past
Royer contested the Salisbury constituency on the Labour Party ticket in the 2009 general election .	Past
As a result , several of the foreign consular courts were abolished in 1920 – 1921 , while their nationals were placed under British consular jurisdiction .	Past
A new opportunity arose following the conclusion of the Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936 , after which negotiations began to settle the abolition of capitulations in Egypt .	Past
Aisling was seeded 5th of 16 fighters and was paired with the no .	Past
However , Gadelha pulled out of the bout in late March citing a recent muscle spasm in her back .	Past
Subsequently , Daly was pulled from the card entirely .	Past
But , by 1880 , Jurgenson secured exclusive rights to publish Tchaikovsky 's works , worldwide .	Past
It was then screened on June 4 , 2010 at the Lighthouse Film Festival , and released on DVD on October 4 , 2011 .	Past
His career as an ace was capped with the receipt of the " Légion d 'honneur " on 16 October 1918 .	Past
Guyou flew as an airline pilot ; he also flew for Potez .	Past
He rejoined the service for World War II , and died in Morocco on 1 September 1944 .	Past
The park is administered by : Instituto da Biodiversidade e das Áreas Protegidas da Guiné-Bissau ( Biodiversity Institute and Protected Areas of Guinea-Bissau ) .	Past
The beaches of the islands are frequented by the sea turtle species " Chelonia mydas " , " Eretmochelys imbricata " and " Lepidochelys olivacea " .	Past
The Kids Are All Right can refer to :	Pres
He commanded the troops that fought at Duneguai against the forces of Peruvian colonel Secoca entrenched in Oijú .	Past
On 10 September the boat was disarmed , and the crew incorporated into the defenders of the peninsula .	Past
There , they and their boat were interned , not returning to Poland until 24 October 1945 .	Past
In December 1957 the KP-1 was decommissioned and given to the paramilitary organization " Liga Przyjaciół Żołnierza " ( Soldier 's Friends ' League ) .	Past
She was withdrawn from service in 1969 .	Past
The hull and superstructure however were lacking equipment .	Pres
Graduated from the Painting Department of Mimar Sinan University , Faculty of Fine Arts .	Past
It is leased to other companies who use it to power filtering and reputation management programs .	Past
Lexalytics spun into existence in January 2003 out of a content management startup called Lightspeed .	Pres
Lightspeed consolidated on America ’ s West Coast .	Past
Lexalytics opted to not accept venture cash .	Past
Relationships with social media monitoring companies like Datasift tend to find Lexalytics ’ Salience engine baked into the product itself .	Pres
Created by former Lexalytics Marketing Director Oleg Rogynskyy , Semantria is a SaaS text mining service offered as an API and Excel based plugin that measures sentiment .	Past
The engine that powers Semantria , Salience , is grounded in its deep learning ability .	Past
Along with features like the concept matrix , Salience supports 16 international languages .	Pres
The show was syndicated on national television .	Past
She also explored her deep passion for sports , entering the world of sports journalism .	Past
The scholarship scheme supports 98 children .	Pres
" TWF " is syndicated on channels across Nigeria .	Past
The protests swiftly evolved to encompass issues beyond petrol prices , with protesters focusing on government profligacy , as well as the endemic corruption in the country .	Past
The total cost amounted to 273,900 Guilders .	Past
He was reassigned to Korean patrols from February 28 , 1884 after the Gapsin Coup .	Past
He was decommissioned on March 25 , 1892 and scrapped in 1893 .	Past
Commanded by captain Strzembosz , she escaped on July 5th 1940 , although challenged by the shore defences .	Past
He was later posted at the Chinese 4th Aviation Division , which was also the first Chinese air unit that entered combat during the Korea War .	Past
The 4th Aviation Division was stationed at Langtou Airfield in Liaoning Province , and it was composed of 55 MiG-15s .	Past
As Zhang was trying to rejoin his formation , he spotted a group of eight F-86s in the area between Taechon and Chongye at 0740 .	Past
In July 1978 , Zhang was stripped of his ranks and imprisoned , but after his release in 1980 , he became the Deputy Mayor of Yantai .	Past
The ‘ Memoirs ’ are filled with detailed accounts of the incidents which befell the nobility of Scotland during turbulent times .	Past
When the Roman Catholic Church began to evangelize its efforts were at first resisted .	Past
The church of Our Lady of Coromoto , in Guanare , was consecrated as National Shrine on 7 January 1996 .	Past
Pope Benedict XVI elevated the National Shrine of Our Lady of Coromoto to the rank of Minor Basilica .	Past
In 2012 , he was honored with the Golden Torch Award by the National Society for Black Engineers .	Past
Working in a combat zone , he oversaw restoration of Iraq ’ s major transportation systems , including two major ports .	Past
VADM Brown was sworn in as the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Environmental Observation and Prediction on March 18 , 2015 .	Past
Fitzooth a veteran soldier , discovers the ruins of his family castle upon returning from the Crusades .	Pres
Wonder Woman traveled back in time twice to meet Robin Hood using the " Amazon time-and-space transformer " , in " Wonder Woman " vol .	Past
He helps the Merry Men fight the Sheriff of Nottingham , and rescues Maid Marian .	Pres
The story is later reprinted in " Superman 's Girl Friend , Lois Lane " # 74 .	Past
Between 1992 and 1996 countless missions for immediate assistance were realised .	Past
Between 1995 and 1998 different trainings were realised in Arusha , Tanzania , to educate lawyers on the proceedings of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda .	Past
The necessity to execute a long-term detailed project facilitates ASF ’ s growth into an international organisation .	Pres
Together with local partners , ASF develops and establishes mechanisms , tailored to the local situation , improving access to justice for the most vulnerable populations .	Pres
We organize awareness campaigns amongst the local population to improve knowledge on their rights .	Pres
If needed , mobile courts are organised to ensure access to justice in remote and rural areas .	Past
Finally , ASF strengthens the capacity of local NGOs and bar associations by providing structural support and regular training .	Pres
ASF intervenes in cases where lawyers and human rights defenders are threatened , criminalised , harassed or even killed .	Past
ASF also supports local bar associations and human rights organisations through capacity building and advocacy .	Pres
An international justice system assures the protection of human rights and supports the restoration of victims ’ dignity .	Pres
ASF assists victims who wish to be represented before national and international courts that prosecute international crimes .	Pres
They contribute to developing mechanisms and actions for strengthening judicial stakeholders and improving access to justice .	Pres
Early in 1845 Chalmers sent him to preach at the Free church , Dunblane and was later ordained in August of that year .	Past
Under medical advice he was induced to return , with a view to take permanent charge of the presbyterian congregation at Funchal .	Past
In May he resorted to Switzerland but returned to Menton in October , and there died on 27 November 1864 .	Past
It ranks second in the state to only the Preakness Stakes Day card in all of those same categories and in purse money distributed .	Pres
It ranks even higher than the Black-Eyed Susan Stakes Day card and the Frank J .	Pres
Jim McKay first conceived the idea of a day of races for Maryland-sired runners after attending the first Breeders ' Cup in 1984 .	Past
Windfields Farm topped all nominators with 16 stallions , led by Northern Dancer , The Minstrel and the deceased Tentam .	Past
Governor William Donald Schaefer proclaimed the week leading up to the Maryland Million " Thoroughbred Week in Maryland " , September 11-18 , 1988 .	Past
In 1983 , Fenn aided in the founding and was the first Executive Director of the Center for Responsive Politics .	Past
Fenn has consulted overseas for the Agency for International Development and the National Endowment for Democracy .	Past
The Burlington Lakeshore Rotary Club organizes the four-day-long Ribfest to raise money for charity during the Labour Day weekend .	Pres
The 2004 festival anticipated about 150,000 people eating 36 tonnes of ribs .	Past
In early 2009 , the Burlington Ribfest rebranded itself as " Canada 's Largest Ribfest " — with its logo redesigned by Little Green Tree .	Past
Paul Magdalino , however , rejects a birth date in the 820s , for Choirosphaktes was still alive in 913 and probably died after 920 .	Pres
These Symeon dragged out until his own allies , the Pechenegs , attacked the Magyars in the rear .	Past
The attribution of some of the works , however , is disputed .	Past
He tends to abstract the forms , and reduce them to geometric shapes , however they are usually still recognizable .	Pres
State University , Los Angeles , CA ; Traveled to University Art Gallery , California State University , San Bernardino , CA	Past
Traveled to the National Museum , Singapore ; National Gallery , Bangkok , Thailand ; Amerika Haus , Berlin , Germany ; Malmo Konsthall ,	Past
1977 – 78 Atelier 17 Exhibition , Elvehjem Art Center , University of Wisconsin , Madison , WI ; traveled to Museum of Art , University of	Past
" Figures Swallowed in Space " San Francisco Chronicle , June 7 .	Pres
The Journey 's End / Unihost properties would therefore initially constitute the bulk of the combined firm .	Pres
The stock was de-listed from the Toronto Exchange and the company taken private .	Past
The fossil sites along the shore within the reserve were inscribed to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list on July 17 , 2016 .	Past
They undertook to uphold the freedom of navigation in the Suez Canal , and to preserve the peace between their colonial possessions in East Africa .	Pres
In 1706 , it was sacked during the War of Spanish Succession , and it was damaged by the 1755 Lisbon earthquake .	Past
John was sworn in as Leader of the Opposition on 19 July 2010 .	Past
By 1924 , building a larger church was deemed necessary for the growing congregation .	Past
The Jesuits relinquished administration of the parish to the diocese in October 1988 .	Past
The Cathedral was renovated in 2014 ; the High Altar and Tabernacle were restored and some elements installed in the 1992-1994 renovations were removed .	Past
Three of the large windows inside the church were executed by the stained-glass artist Emil Frei , Jr .	Past
Several local bus services connect Sherrard 's Green with the surrounding area including the 42 , S42 operated by Astons coaches stopping at Barnards Green bus shelter .	Past
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated .	Past
Church leadership has impacted the city in a variety of ways , with long-time pastor Rev .	Past
Thus they spare suppliers the cost and labour of collecting and cleaning traditional forks .	Pres
This fits well with the image of fast food as kinds of products to be taken away and being consumed elsewhere .	Pres
It has functioned inside the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland throughout its existence .	Past
Theologically , the Awakening emphasized the greatness of God , the sinfulness of man , and the insignificance of human efforts towards salvation ( see monergism ) .	Past
Gradually , in the 1820s , Paavo Ruotsalainen rose as the leader figure in the movement .	Past
The movement was encouraged by pastors Jonas Lagus and Nils Gustav Malmberg .	Past
The movement lingered on as a popular movement supported and organized independently by adherents among the peasant population .	Past
In 1880s the son of Nils Gustav Malmberg , Wilhelmi Malmivaara , rose to a leading position .	Past
He embraced modern means of communication by founding the periodical " Hengellinen Kuukauslehti " in 1888 and establishing the publishing company " Herättäjä " 1892 .	Past
The movement was institutionalized through the founding of the Herättäjä Society ( Sisälähetysseura Herättäjä ) in 1912 .	Past
The movement strongly emphasized that faith and salvation are acts of God .	Past
Gospel is preached on the low level amongst the people where the movement is also lived .	Past
Religious views have been formulated primarily by the early leaders of the movement .	Past
Typically , seurat lasts about one hour .	Pres
Hymns are sung in a meditative rhythm without accompaniment .	Past
Singing is interrupted by short speeches .	Past
The hymnal has been reorganized and complemented several times .	Past
Dancing , colorful clothes , theater and music have been frowned upon .	Past
The society employs 20 persons — mostly pastors or lay preachers .	Pres
Student ministry was originated when families wanted to provide a safe home in Helsinki for students of theology .	Past
Currently nine folk schools are loosely affiliated with herännäisyys .	Past
Missionary support is channelled through the FMS .	Past
Soon after , they re-entered a Nashville , TN studio with producer Dave Cobb to record their second album titled " Woman " .	Past
The gameplay focuses more on doing stunts on ramps under a time limit .	Pres
SteelPath also manages other MLP investment vehicles , including private investment partnerships and separately managed accounts .	Pres
SteelPath regularly publishes various objective investor education documents designed to improve the investment community ’ s knowledge of Master Limited Partnerships .	Pres
" , furthermore he commented on the games mechanics " I remember playing an early version of it and was rather cool .	Past
Thomas Jefferson Academy let the student body vote on a mascot .	Past
Grades one through five were housed at the former Stapleton Academy building and grades six through twelve attended classes at the former Bartow Academy .	Past
It was initiated by ancient history historian Michael Swan and art historian Nicholas Gyenes , both professors of the University of Saskatchewan .	Past
They therefore replicate exactly any damage borne by the original .	Pres
The Museum has partnered with the Canadian Light Source to research ancient coins .	Past
It releases alternative acoustic lounge and dance music .	Pres
It is headquartered in Santa Clara , CA .	Past
Atypon has grown both organically and through acquisitions .	Past
In 2018 Wiley migrated its own Wiley Online Library to Literatum .	Past
Enrobing with chocolate extends a confection 's shelf life .	Pres
The enrober machine was invented in France in 1903 , brought to the United States , and perfected to perform the work of at least twenty people .	Past
The enrober maintains the coating medium at a controlled constant temperature and pumps the medium into a flow pan .	Pres
Agriculture in Namibia contributes around 5 % of the national Gross Domestic Product though 25 % to 40 % of Namibians depend on subsistence agriculture and herding .	Pres
Only 2 % of Namibia 's land receives sufficient rainfall to grow crops .	Pres
In 1932 Wilcote civil parish was absorbed into that of North Leigh .	Past
A Roman villa at Shakenoak Farm was excavated in the 1960s .	Past
It is presumed to be on the site of the medieval manor house , which by the 15th century was called Butler 's Court .	Past
The chancel east wall and chancel arch were rebuilt in the 13th century .	Past
In that year the Oxford Architectural Society surveyed the church and recommended rebuilding it in the Decorated Gothic style .	Past
This was glazed and the nave west windows were re-glazed with stained glass by Heaton , Butler and Bayne of London .	Past
Overall , the show grabbed 11.4 million viewers – the largest audience for a Video Music Awards show since 2002 .	Past
Will.i.am responded to the backlash on his Twitter stating " 1st .	Past
Will.i.am insisted the face paint was a harmless costume choice and that fans concerned with the image Will 's look projected should focus on larger issues .	Past
[ ... ] The meat dries out , rather than rotting .	Pres
She also commented on the outfit 's nature , " ... it is certainly no disrespect to anyone that is vegan or vegetarian .	Past
The monument was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian 's Save Outdoor Sculpture !	Past
She is naked with a small piece of drapery on her lap .	Past
The fund for the memorial was begun a year after Marconi 's 1937 death .	Past
The proposal was also endorsed by National Development Council .	Past
The institute is currently functioning in its permanent campus Management City at NH 9 Southern bye pass Sunaria 200 acre campus , 75 kilometres from Delhi Airport .	Pres
The centre also maintains other services like e-mail server , online learning system and intranet portal .	Pres
Recognised as an institute of excellence by MHRD , IIM Rohtak was awarded by DNA for innovations in teaching methodology in 2014 .	Past
It publishes the institute placement report annually .	Pres
Organised in November every year by Industrial Relations & Interaction Cell , the two-day event involves panel discussions on various business related topics .	Past
It involves keynote speeches , panel discussions and Ignitus , a business plan competition .	Pres
exploR Club organised the first edition of its Film Summit in 2016 .	Past
IIM Rohtak also organises a lot of annual conventions such as HR Summit , CXO Summit and Outstation Conclave .	Pres
IIM Rohtak organises a mini marathon every year on the theme India for Girl Child to raise awareness about gender equality .	Pres
Started in 2011 , it consists of three events : 10 kilometres marathon for men , 5 kilometres marathon for women and 3 kilometres for children .	Past
A flash mob is also organised every year to promote different causes .	Past
He heads the Board of Directors and is responsible for the strategic vision and direction of the company .	Pres
Males differ from females in having turbinate eyes .	Pres
Females lay eggs 10 – 14 days after mating , and the eggs hatch as soon as they hit the water .	Past
" Cloeon dipterum " is widespread across Europe and Asia .	Past
He also photographed many government officials , although his true speciality was making family photographs .	Past
His main focus over the years was wedding and portrait photography .	Pres
The latter was co-authored with Matthew Heiss .	Past
Due to some family misfortune , his father Muniappa Mudaliar migrated to Bangalore with his three sons Narrainswamy , Muniswamy and Muthuswamy .	Past
This firm dealt with real estate , livestock , auctioneering etc . , involving the army as well as the general public .	Past
Due to the famine , the revenue collection had decreased and public debts were mounting .	Past
Public loans were floated to undertake public works and provide jobs to the unemployed peasants .	Past
Mudaliar invested in the Mysore Railways debentures to provide security to the amount which he had already set-apart for the schools established by him .	Past
In this durbar , Lord Lytton , the Viceroy of India , conferred on Mudaliar the title of Rai Bahadur in recognition of his acts of charity .	Past
In 1894 , Chamaraja Wodeyar X conferred on Mudaliar the title of ' Dharmarathnakara ' .	Past
A unique honour was accorded him in permitting his remains to be interred in his own coconut garden at Veerapillai Street .	Past
It grows to a length of and is stouter than pond skaters of the family Gerridae .	Pres
The adult insect grows to a length of .	Pres
" Velia caprai " aligns itself to the plane of polarised light , although the reasons for this behaviour are not clear .	Pres
The building retains a significant amount of its original 18th-century woodwork , and is one of the least-altered 18th-century houses in Ridgefield .	Pres
He traded 12-hour shifts with his brother-in-law , with whom he also shared a small cot .	Past
Johnson attracted the attention of the Tea Party movement when he gave two emotional speeches at Tea Party rallies .	Past
In December 2014 , the " Washington Post " rated Johnson the most vulnerable incumbent US Senator in the 2016 election cycle .	Past
He argued that Congress could not keep raising the debt limit , and needed to prioritize spending .	Past
Mandated coverages would also be terminated to enable less expensive policies .	Past
Johnson initiated a lawsuit against the Obama Administration offering ACA exemptions to members of Congress and their staff .	Past
Johnson argues that America 's dependence on imported oil creates " both security and economic threats to the nation " .	Pres
Johnson opposes abortion except in cases of incest , rape , or when the mother 's life is in danger .	Pres
The same day , he walked back the comments .	Past
During his time in the Senate , Johnson has endorsed the Joseph Project .	Past
Johnson has lobbied local companies to hire " graduates " of the program .	Past
However , at age 13 , he landed his first paid job for a small , non-speaking role in a documentary for Animal Planet .	Past
The Ingram and Publishers Weekly bestselling book , in Allen ’ s words , " Takes you on a photographic voyage through my life so far . "	Pres
Additionally he exhibited at the Premium exhibition in Berlin .	Past
They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers .	Past
Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere .	Past
Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground .	Past
They tend to have short , rounded wings and tend to be weak fliers .	Pres
Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back .	Pres
The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil .	Pres
Different lengths of legs and bills enable multiple species to feed in the same habitat , particularly on the coast , without direct competition for food .	Pres
The males have colored inflatable throat pouches .	Past
Their feet are four-toed and webbed .	Past
Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive .	Pres
Their bodies tend to be elongated , the neck more so , with rather long legs .	Pres
Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads , long , pointed bills , short legs , and stubby tails .	Past
They differ from hawks , eagles , and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons .	Pres
They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers , but are more robust and have stronger bills .	Pres
A shrike 's beak is hooked , like that of a typical bird of prey .	Past
The adults have colored crowns , giving rise to their names .	Past
The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance .	Pres
They are medium-sized passerines with strong feet .	Past
In general , sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or grayish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks .	Pres
Finches are seed-eating passerine birds , that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak , usually conical and in some species very large .	Pres
The wood-warblers are a group of small often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World .	Past
The ban was not lifted until 1970 , after which time cricket has continued to grow in populairty .	Past
She was powered by two VT600 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers .	Past
On 6 May 1962 , she towed a disabled pleasure craft near Sandy Hook , New Jersey .	Past
Headquartered in Toronto , Ontario , the company has over 4,700 employees .	Past
Postmedia owns newspapers that serve smaller communities across Canada , including :	Pres
Cogswell matriculated and graduated as valedictorian from Yale in 1780 .	Past
Though there did exist signed languages within the United States , such as Martha 's Vineyard Sign Language , none were standardized across the couontry .	Past
Gallaudet first traveled to England , where an oral method was generally used , but was unable to gain access to instruction methods .	Past
He then traveled to France , where the educational system instead focused on use of French Sign Language as an instructional method .	Past
He eventually traveled back with French teacher Laurent Clerc who brought French Sign Language to the United States .	Past
( sorted by state , then city / town )	Past
It charted on the " Billboard " Triple A Chart and peak on airplay chart at # 11 .	Past
Jones reappeared on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show " on June 25 and performed " It 's Gonna Be " on the show for a second time .	Past
He was drafted 23rd overall by the Montreal Alouettes in the 2010 CFL Draft .	Past
He re-joined the team on September 20 , 2017 .	Past
The song has charted on the Canadian Hot 100 , debuting at # 98 on the issue dated June 19 , 2010 .	Past
When the second verse starts , he wakes up .	Pres
He hallucinates again and sees Dobson in the Challenger while they are making-out in the back , explaining that she caught him .	Pres
He wakes up realizes it was just a dream , and tries to fall back asleep , only to find Dobson is sleeping next to him .	Pres
Uriburu overthrew President Hipólito Yrigoyen , a member of the Radical Civic Union party , who had been democratically elected in 1928 to serve his second term .	Past
The " de facto " government of Uriburu outlawed the Radical Civic Union .	Past
Uriburu reorganized the cabinet and appointed ministers from the “ liberal ” sector .	Past
He cancelled the local government elections for the provinces of Cordova and Santa Fe .	Past
This period was characterized by the beginning of a new economic model known as Import substitution industrialization .	Past
Costas 's assumption of the presidency would have secured the continuation and deepening of the fraudulent regime .	Past
In 1943 , for the first time , the index of industrial production surpassed that of agricultural production .	Past
By 1947 , foreigners had fallen to 26 % and domestic migrants had more than doubled to 29 % .	Past
The German embassy , on the other hand , burned its files the previous day .	Past
More recently , however , some historians have questioned the actual influence of the GOU , referring to it as a “ myth ” .	Past
Conversely , the historian Roberto Ferrero maintains that the two " brains " of the GOU were Enrique González and Emilio Ramírez .	Pres
The problem arose the following day when Rawson communicated to the military leaders the names of the people who would be part of his cabinet .	Past
On June 7 , General Pedro Pablo Ramírez swore in as President and Sabá Sueyro as Vice-President .	Past
On June 6 , the directors of the Workers ' Federation of the Meat Industry were detained and sent to the South .	Past
Their premises were shut down and Secretary General José Peter was imprisoned without trial for a year and four months .	Past
On June 15 , the government dissolved the pro-ally association Acción Argentina .	Past
The government dissolved congress and took control of the National University of the Littoral .	Past
The Revolution of 43 handed the management of education over to the right-wing Hispanic-Catholic nationalist .	Past
Because of these declarations , the military government imprisoned its founder Arturo Jauretche .	Past
Ramírez responded by dismissing those signers who were employees of the State .	Past
In October , a series of strikes were answered with the arrest of dozens of workers ' leaders .	Past
In turn , Mercante summoned his political partner and close friend , Juan Perón .	Past
The president 's hours were numbered .	Past
He responded by summoning the main garrison chiefs to his office and ordering them to surround the presidential residence .	Past
The British argued that the United States intentionally distorted the facts by presenting Argentina as a " danger " to democracy .	Past
John Victor Perowne , head of the South American Department of the Foreign Office warned :	Past
In 1944 , Farrell decisively imposed the labor reforms suggested by the Secretary of Labor .	Past
The government summoned labor unions and employers to negotiate through collective bargaining , a process without precedents in Argentina .	Past
Already in the October of the previous year the dictatorship requested a meeting with the Pan-American Union in order to consider a common course of action .	Past
The historian Miguel Ángel Scenna writes about the event :	Pres
Another more serious mistake , much more was accepting and often promoting employer revanchism .	Pres
The following day , October 17 , 1945 , witnessed one of the most important events in Argentine history .	Past
During that day , military commanders discussed the method of stopping the crowd .	Past
Although the PDN gave orders to vote for Tamborini-Mosca , its exclusion from the anti-Peronist alliance facilitated its fragmentation .	Past
Employers ’ associations openly resisted the measure , and at the end of December 1945 not a single company had paid the SAC .	Past
In general , the political and social forces of the time anticipated a safe and widespread victory for the Democratic Union in the elections of February 1946 .	Past
The Rhode Island Department of Health coordinates statewide public health activities across the state .	Pres
All programs and services are coordinated by Divisions and Centers .	Past
The show culminates with different Vegas-style acts or music artist performing live on the show .	Pres
The show has averaged 3.74 million viewers .	Past
Series one averaged 3.87 million viewers .	Past
Series two averaged 3.37 million viewers .	Past
Radio and television broadcasts are governed by the FCC .	Past
In 1814 , legislation was enacted requiring all villages to maintain an accountant ( talati ) as an official agent of the government .	Past
The Kulkarni " Watan " was abolished in 1918 and paid talatis from all castes were appointed to the new office of the Talati .	Past
In some cases , the talatis were the oppressed castes and the abolishing of the Kulkarni Watan system was viewed as a progressive move .	Past
The talati belongs to the Brahmin caste in most cases and is generally looked up to in the villages because of being a representative of the government .	Pres
The talati was supposed to live anywhere within these villages and was supposed to visit each village every month to understand people 's needs .	Past
The appointment of the talati was viewed negatively by village chiefs who felt he assumed the characteristic of a representative of the government , receiving complaints .	Past
PATIS was deployed in at least two districts as of 2005 with deployment at the Tehsil level underway .	Past
It is revised after a certain period of time for e.g .	Past
After it is prepared by Patwari ( Govt .	Past
All changes in title / interests of the revenue estate coming into the notice of Revenue Authorities are duly reflected in the Jamabandi according to set procedures .	Past
It learns a pseudometric designed for k-nearest neighbor classification .	Pres
The k-nearest neighbor rule assumes a " training " data set of labeled instances ( i.e .	Pres
It classifies a new data instance with the class obtained from the majority vote of the k closest ( labeled ) training instances .	Pres
Closeness is measured with a pre-defined metric .	Past
If this is achieved , the leave-one-out error ( a special case of cross validation ) is minimized .	Past
The algorithm learns a pseudometric of the type	Pres
The margin of exactly one unit fixes the scale of the matrix formula _ 28 .	Pres
Here the slack variables formula _ 37 absorb the amount of violations of the impostor constraints .	Pres
Their overall sum is minimized .	Past
This extension significantly improves the classification error , but involves a more expensive optimization problem .	Pres
A small pond separates those two buildings .	Pres
Two brick chimneys pierce the roof of the western wing .	Pres
Three dormer windows with semicircular fanlights pierce the roof 's lower slant at the front .	Pres
The interior has been extensively altered .	Past
The house is floored in uniform width tongue and groove boards and the walls appear to be lath and plaster .	Past
Other Ives descendants sat on the board of what became the Danbury Fair and Danbury Hospital .	Past
To facilitate this move , the schools leased the eastern seven acres from the museum for 99 years with an option to renew .	Past
The Danbury Museum & Historical Society Authority is fundraising to rehabilitate the house and open it as a museum .	Pres
Thereafter she concentrated on editing the three-volume " British Atlas of Historic Towns " .	Past
The company employs over 100 consultants in 50 global locations , including 9 special needs educators .	Pres
In 2006 , she co-founded the British International School of New York , the first British curriculum school in the New York metropolitan area .	Past
She frequently writes and speaks on topics related to education , relocation , and women owned businesses .	Pres
In addition , Gazprom owns the East-Odoptu and Ayashsky licences .	Pres
The licence was revoked and re-tendered in 2005 under a normal tax regime .	Past
He was interred at St James 's Church , Piccadilly on 31 December 1810 .	Past
As " Lord March " , he is portrayed in the William Makepeace Thackeray novel " The Virginians " as a dissolute gambler .	Past
A major was graded as a commissar , not an officer .	Past
In 1994 , the rank of commandant / kommandant reverted to lieutenant colonel .	Past
This rank of chief commandant existed purely in the army and slotted in between commandant and colonel .	Past
However , in common CAPTCHA systems , users often fail to correctly solve the CAPTCHA 7 % - 25 % of the time .	Pres
Security researcher Elie Bursztein demonstrated a practical attack against NuCaptcha 's video CAPTCHA scheme by employing optical flow techniques to isolate individual CAPTCHA characters .	Past
Some businesses , especially small businesses or start-up companies , are not prepared for the administrative duties involved with running a business .	Past
Guiera senegalensis is the only species in the genus .	Pres
A West End production is anticipated , although no date has been set .	Past
In April 2014 Allen cast doubt that the musical would be happening in an interview with Popjustice " It 's finished and it 's brilliant .	Pres
But I don 't know if it will ever see the light of day .	Pres
Smith has since pulled out of the role , stating that her commitment to developing the show has made it difficult to pursue other roles .	Past
The West End production has been delayed until at least 2013 .	Past
In 1953 , he was enrolled at Azerbaijan Technical University .	Past
A year later his studies were interrupted and he was conscripted to military service at Soviet Airborne Troops stationed in Belarus for a period of 3 years .	Past
During the Soviet war in Afghanistan , he supervised 4 tabors .	Past
More than 150 peer-reviewed scientific articles describe Cognistat 's use in patients with stroke , dementia , traumatic brain injury , major psychiatric disorders and substance abuse .	Past
This on-line version of the test can be administered in Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac OS based operating systems .	Past
CAS encourages the examiner to be mindful of the evolving neuro-medical context or micro-climate in which cognitive testing takes place .	Pres
I knew this was the latest club banger from Skepta , an MC with a lot of love riding on his back .	Past
The next week , it slipped down to number 19 .	Past
He is remarried now and has four children from a previous marriage .	Past
He currently resides in Butner , North Carolina	Pres
Limb and hip elements , sacral and caudal vertebrae , and a braincase are preserved in the block and represent four individuals .	Past
However , most of these genera have been excluded from the family on the basis of anatomical features such as those found in the ankle ( e.g .	Past
Nevertheless a 2009 paper describing the anatomy of " Osmolskina " , the euparkeriid classification of " Dorosuchus " was reaffirmed .	Past
Alkaline hydrolysis or similar cleavage yields a thiophenol ( 5 ) .	Pres
Within cognitive developmental psychology , the interest in conceptual change was motivated by problems identified in the stage theory of cognitive development proposed by Jean Piaget .	Past
He pointed out that it is sometimes very difficult to characterize how a more recent concept is better than a predecessor .	Past
A number of perspectives on conceptual change have emerged , and proponents have been engaging in a lively debate since the early 1980s .	Past
Conceptual change , on this view , involves constructing the new ontological category of constraint-based processes and reassigning the concept to this correct category .	Pres
This “ framework theory ” view suggests that when new ideas are encountered , basic ontological commitments influence how they are ignored , resisted , or assimilated .	Pres
Finally , a fourth view adopts a more systemic approach to concepts and how they change .	Pres
Since both naïve and scientific conceptions are grounded in the same broad pool of sub-conceptual resources , conceptual change is seen as the reorganization of these resources .	Past
In addition , research in cognitive psychology has underscored deep-seated resistance to conceptual change , and explored tactics of overcoming such resistance .	Past
Many of the psychological insights have been also motivated by proposals in the history and philosophy of science since Kuhn .	Past
Kuhn ’ s work emphasized the resistance to conceptual change and the role of anomalous data as a drive for change .	Past
They differ , however , in their accounts of relative importance of the different sources and the details of their role in the process of change .	Pres
While much of conceptual research has been geared to scientific concepts , recent work is increasingly emerging in other domains .	Past
Conceptual change is now being examined in the laboratory , ordinary life , mathematics and history .	Past
The award , which was established in 1998 , seeks to honor Hunter College students who demonstrate prowess in editorial cartooning in either print or digital media .	Pres
His paintings reside in museums and private collections in Russia , Ukraine , France , England , the U.S. , Italy , and others .	Pres
It rises just east of Sandy Hill Road along Glade Mill Road ( part of PA Route 228 ) .	Pres
Rocky Run then empties into Bull Creek near Saxonburg Boulevard 's intersection with Cherry Valley Road .	Pres
However , the record was shelved until it was finally released on Molton Metal Records in 1997 .	Past
In 1997 , former members Rick Craig and Bill Whyte rejoined , and " Victims of the Night " was finally released .	Past
It features re-recorded versions of classic Halloween songs , as well as one new studio track .	Past
The band had amassed a large cult following in Europe , but never had a lineup or management to get the ball rolling .	Past
Craig 's son , Dakota Craig , stepped in on the drums to perform with the three original members .	Past
Despite not practicing together , the band sounded just as they had 15 years earlier .	Past
An appeal of the decision of the commission was permitted to the United States District Court for the Indian Territory and the courts decision was final .	Past
Both the Choctaw and Chickasaw tribes prepared their own tribal rolls and presented these rolls to the commission .	Past
One of the claimants , Joins , then filed for a " writ of prohibition " to stop the Citizenship Court from hearing any cases .	Past
Each committee receives a descriptive name that reflects its goal .	Pres
Committee recommendations may or may not be binding .	Pres
Most Public Committees are dismantled after completing their work .	Past
In 1938 the last adult Prince Gagarin on Russian soil , Peter Andreevich was executed .	Past
They speak both Hindi and Maithili .	Pres
Many Tattama have emigrated to Punjab and Haryana , and work as agricultural labourers .	Past
In 2016 the Third Division was rebranded and restructured to become Belgian First Amateur Division .	Past
When Falkenstein performed his mental feats on KGBS Radio Star Theatre , which broadcast from Universal Studios , the switchboard reflected ten thousand incoming calls per day .	Past
In 1994 , Glenn Falkenstein was inducted into The Society of American Magicians ' Hall of Fame as a living legend .	Past
Perhaps his greatest feat was balancing two separate careers , and many people were unaware that he successfully wore two professional hats .	Pres
The careers complimented the other , and he used his magic skills to aid young people overcoming speech defects .	Past
He was constantly amazed at the positive impact that magic had on special children .	Past
The showroom was filled with devoted friends , family , and fans , including the William Larsen family , who created the Magic Castle .	Past
This formula was modified in the late 19th century by the addition of clauses regarding the dogmas of the Immaculate Conception and papal infallibility .	Past
The eaves are studded with heavy decorative brackets .	Past
The video to " Dancing On Your Own " mocked the taboo around female masturbation , using fruit and food to simulate sexual situations .	Past
SASA also administers the Education for Homeless Children and Youth program authorized by the McKinney – Vento Homeless Assistance Act ( P.L .	Pres
The group influences the educational community and others who need to understand the parameters for implementing Title I requirements .	Pres
A prospective client ( Vernon Dent ) visits and tells Hugh about a spooky mansion that needs to be demolished .	Pres
His eldest son Major Edward Milner was also deceased with no issue .	Past
He relocated his family to South Africa , where the 10th Baronet , Sir Timothy William Lycett Milner ( born 1936 ) , now lives .	Past
He was sworn of the Privy Council in 1900 .	Past
His great-grandparents emigrated from Russia to escape the Tsar , and the authorities in the United States changed their family name from Mednikov to Mednick .	Past
In 2008 , Mednick coached the successful European Palmer Cup team together with Mårten Olander .	Past
CUT = missed the half-way cut < br >	Past
From October 2008 to early February 2009 , Didier rode for Danish , and then moved home to Designa Køkken , also in Denmark .	Past
The album was re-released on Killer Metal Records on vinyl LP and cd with different bonus tracks .	Past
As the name suggests , the framework synthesizes two architectural patterns : naked objects and model – view – controller ( MVC ) .	Pres
ORCA focuses its " efforts " on :	Pres
Together with its partners and donors , ORCA advocates for " the " improvement of legislation and the reinforcement of existing practices " . "	Pres
The master of " Letter From America " also exists because it was a single from " Something Wicked This Way Comes " .	Pres
Figures from the 2006 Canadian Census from StatsCan indicate that there are about 124,000 Canadians who claim Pakistani ancestry .	Pres
Canada considers Pakistan an important player and helper in the war against terrorism in the region .	Pres
His father was culturally well-educated for the time , and was directly responsible for the education of his children .	Past
He demonstrated a great intelligence and application , easily learning Latin and completing his studies by the age of 9 years .	Past
It was disbanded by the Bolsheviks when they seized power in 1917 .	Past
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated .	Past
Juan de Dios Guevara never dissociated himself from San Marcos and became rector in November 1966 , a position he held until October 1977 .	Past
San Marcos university recognised his work by making him a Professor Emeritus .	Past
After the late 13th or early 14th century , the claws and beak of the eagle were coloured red .	Past
When the Holy Roman Empire took part in the Crusades , a war flag was flown alongside the black-gold imperial banner .	Past
It was treated as an Imperial fief traditionally granted to Swabian nobles .	Past
It is not to be confused with the ' , granted to the Electors of Saxony in their function as ' .	Past
Cerilliant is accredited to ISO Guide 34 & ISO / IEC 17025 and certified to ISO 13485 and ISO 9001 : 2008 .	Past
To promote awareness of esophageal cancer , the ECAA produces informational and educational publications and sells merchandise that promotes the association .	Pres
Some active members organize meetings and fund-raisers , volunteer at hospitals , and help to develop public awareness radio and TV broadcasts .	Pres
The ECAA is funded solely from membership fees , merchandise sales , and individual donations and bequests .	Past
Fourteen-year-old David ( Thomas Turgoose ) is spending the summer hanging out with Emily ( Holly Grainger ) , the only other teenager in his trailer park .	Pres
Known as a period of luxurious display , the arts were increasingly patronized by a growing and powerful merchant class .	Past
The community is concentrated around the intersection of Kentucky Route 61 and Kentucky Route 1906 , southeast of Hodgenville .	Past
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated .	Past
In England , Hollow Face creeps into the life of John Farrow , after Farrow 's beloved 12-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home .	Pres
In Spain , Hollow Face creeps into the life of Luisa and her adolescent son Juan , after Juan is assaulted in their home .	Pres
Lou Lumenick from the New York Post liked the film 's opening and atmosphere but also criticized the film as being " underwhelming " .	Past
Burns also criticized the film 's monster as being " not-particularly-frightening " .	Past
Widyawati and Sophiaan had first co-starred together in " Pengantin Remaja " in 1971 .	Past
It deals with the impact of fascism and communism on 20th-century Europe .	Pres
The novel was longlisted for the Desmond Elliott Prize for first novels .	Past
It was reviewed in The New Zealand Herald .	Past
This accident happened in an isolated , dimly lit area near Benavídez station , between Ingeniero Maschwitz and General Pacheco , north of Buenos Aires .	Past
The pilot of an aeroplane radioed a control tower , who in turn notified emergency services .	Past
Ingredients can be fermented onions , garlic , peppers or tomato paste .	Past
Some Kerman rugs were woven explicitly for monied buyers from the West , some for local consumers with very different tastes .	Past
Warps are markedly displaced and the Persian knot is open to the left .	Past
This technique distinguishes Kerman carpets from both the Safavid ( 1501-1722 ) and subsequent ( 1722-1834 ) periods .	Pres
They then threaded the wool wefts , leaving some tight and others sinuous , giving an immediately recognisable wavy finish to the surface of the carpet	Past
After a studio collaboration with George Dalaras on his album ' Ti Tha Pei Etsi Einai ' , Andriana toured with him throughout Greece and Cyprus .	Past
The Mechanics ' National Bank was chartered in 1882 , and moved into a building at what is now 612 South Gay that same year .	Past
The Union National Bank absorbed Mechanics ' Bank in 1922 , and added the top two stories the following year .	Past
A heavy cornice separates the main floor facade from the facade of the upper floors .	Pres
The interior of the building has been extensively remodeled , although some original features remain .	Past
Michael Bracy co-founded the independent label Misra Records in 1999 .	Past
The report documented the effects of radio station ownership consolidation following the Telecommunications Act of 1996 .	Past
With over 100 million listeners , Clear Channel reaches over one-third of the U.S .	Pres
The report concludes that " The radical deregulation of the radio industry allowed by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 has not benefited the public or musicians .	Pres
FMC supports the establishment of a public performance right for sound recordings .	Pres
The licensing arrangement for terrestrial radio stations compensates only the songwriter ( or composer ) and publisher for the over-the-air broadcasts of music .	Pres
She specializes in Goth and Harajuku fashion and Japanese pop culture .	Pres
She has been interviewed about Japanese and American theme cafes by ABC Nightline .	Past
She was interviewed and featured in the Spanish book " Coolhunting Digital " .	Past
The Guardian named " Cute Yummy Time " as one of the oddest book titles of the year , and the Washington Post recommended it in	Past
what she sees in Tokyo 's many subcultures [ ... ] Brace yourself for a kitsch fix . "	Pres
In 1928 he undertook the first touring raid over Poland on the Kogutek , 600 km-long .	Past
Assessing the possibilities for light aviation , he landed with this aircraft in at least 225 places in Poland ( according to other information , 330 ) .	Past
Until 1937 , Zbigniew Babiński landed in about 400 casual places in Poland .	Past
Zbigniew Babiński flew reconnaissance sorties during the Polish September campaign of World War II , the last one on 16 September 1939 .	Past
In February 2012 , Smith was disciplined by the club for his offensive tweet to a lifelong supporter .	Past
He emigrated to Antigua in 1983 , where he helped build houses for the homeless as part of a project for his church .	Past
When the button is pressed , nursing staff is alerted by a light and / or an audible sound at the nurse 's station .	Past
The station airs a commercial-free rock music format .	Pres
" The best moments here are when Rae lets her hair down .	Pres
The railway at Aiwo jetty was electrified in 1912 , but replaced by a conveyor belt between the storage bins and the jetty head .	Past
With Nauru 's phosphate deposits almost depleted , the future of the railway is uncertain .	Past
The trains of Nauru have been depicted on commemorative Nauruan postage stamps .	Past
It grows in rocky mountainous habitat , on cliffs of limestone rock substrate , and on forest ridges .	Pres
This lycophyte grows in flat mats with many short , forking stems twisted together .	Pres
They are flattened to the stem .	Past
He specialized in series and sagas , and continues to write in the 21st century .	Past
A small group of individuals formed a congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1813 or 1814 , very soon after London was platted .	Past
Continued growth produced a need for a fourth church building , and the third building was sold in the early 1890s .	Past
With the house 's original location now empty , a larger church was erected on the site .	Past
From 1971 to 1974 the band toured the UK and on the continent , also making one trip to Morocco .	Past
Following the official re-release of ‘ Everytime You Move ' in 2010 Hunter Muskett reformed for a reunion performance .	Past
They are flattened to the stem or stick out just a little .	Past
Established in mid-1944 in England as a weather reconnaissance squadron ; it was assigned to the Eighth Air Force .	Past
It flew a wide variety of medium bombers and fighter aircraft , all at high speed and unarmed over enemy-held territory on a daily basis .	Past
It was reactivated in 1951 at Andersen Air Force Base , Guam .	Past
The squadron resumed its weather reconnaissance mission with WB-29s ; upgrading to Boeing WB-50D Superfortresses in 1955 .	Past
It often flew hazardous reconnaissance missions into tropical storms and typhoons to obtain accurate meteorological information .	Past
It was inactivated in 1960 due to budget reductions .	Past
The squadron was reactivated in 1960 with a mixture of WB-50s , Boeing WB-47 Stratojets and Lockheed C-130 Hercules and resumed its typhoon hunting mission .	Past
The crew departed Clark Air Base in the Philippines with the callsign Swan 38 .	Past
It was inactivated in 1987 , along with its associated weather unit , Detachment 3 , 1st Weather Wing .	Past
He inaugurated the International Model Locomotive Efficiency Competition ( IMLEC ) in 1969 .	Past
Many model locomotive designs in a range of gauges were serialised by Martin Evans in the pages of Model Engineer .	Past
One red card was later rescinded	Past
The term was first coined by Ahmed Sirhindi , who was the first " qayyum " .	Past
Abu Saeed Faruqi Mujaddidi ( d.1672 ) was predicted to be the next " qayyum " by Ghulam Ali Dehlavi , his own " shaykh " .	Past
In America , portrait subjects included president George Washington .	Past
It grows in dry habitat , often on clay soil , both in open areas and in the shade of larger plants .	Pres
They are flattened to the stem or stick out just a little .	Past
Basie Picks the Winners is a 1965 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra .	Pres
Where Cedeno was noticed for his tremendous 4.35 forty yard dash speed .	Past
In 2017 Signed in the NAL National Arena League with the High Country Grizzlies .	Past
The album chronicles tracks from approximately 15 years of the band 's career .	Pres
Paul Weston and Jo Stafford enjoyed successful careers as musicians from the 1930s ; Weston as an arranger and conductor , and Stafford as a singer .	Past
Weston worried that he might not be able to find enough material for an entire album , and he asked his wife to join the project .	Past
Afterwards , people contacted him to say " We have trusted you all these years , all our lives .	Past
In their autobiography , Stafford writes , " It 's interesting to note that to Paul and me Jonathan and Darlene became third person people .	Pres
This was fleshed out in the in-character interviews they gave in the 1980s .	Past
Darlene would sometimes sing at their bridge club before playing cards , occasionally accompanied by someone on piano , but more often a-cappella .	Pres
She wished to be remembered as " a sophisticated songstress who really searched them out . "	Past
Ray Charles also enjoyed their performance .	Past
However , not everybody appreciated the Edwards ' take on music .	Past
The match between FC Přední Kopanina and FC Chomutov was postponed and played on 31 July 2010 .	Past
" Efforts to stem the Deepwater Horizon oil spill	Pres
The collected gas was flared and oil stored on the board of drillship " Discoverer Enterprise " .	Past
Oil and gas are both burned on " Q4000 " in a clean-burning system .	Past
They are offloaded by shuttle tanker " Loch Rannoch " .	Past
The cap , weighing 75 tons and standing high , is now bolted to the failed blowout preventer .	Past
However , on July 19 , 2010 , seepage was detected from the seafloor within two kilometres of the well .	Past
BP drilled two relief wells into the original well to enable them to block it .	Past
Once the relief wells reached the original borehole , the operator pumped drilling fluid into the original well .	Past
Karşıyaka challenged the decision , and took the TFF to civil court .	Past
They were knocked out by FC Zürich , who won a coin toss after the two sides drew their match .	Past
SK Uničov have always worn navy blue shirts with white stripes , navy blue shorts and navy blue socks .	Past
The kit is currently manufactured by Adidas .	Past
Previously , the kit was manufactured by Jako , Joma and Diadora .	Past
Keefe was inducted in the Winchester Sport Foundation Hall of Fame in 2004 .	Past
Soy-free and gluten-free plant creams are marketed towards people with multiple food allergies and coeliac disease .	Past
At twenty one Fausto travelled to Holland and India to study Hindi classical music with the Sarangi .	Past
Between 1998 and 2003 Fausto and Andrés collaborated in different musical projects .	Past
Plön enjoyed a vibrant cultural life under Frederick Charles 's rule and artistic patronage .	Past
The new locomotive was then tested to obtain the experimental data for high-speed diesel service .	Past
Maximum design speed of the Co-Co trucks is 170 km / h .	Pres
The cab design incorporates a 25 ° inclination for streamlining .	Pres
5034 , collided with the derailed Train No .	Past
In 2010 , he was honored to receive the CLIO Lifetime Achievement award .	Past
Silverstein also blogs for The Huffington Post .	Pres
Canal 13 rebroadcast those rated as " Best Episodes " at 23 : 00 from January 4 , 2010 .	Past
" Mujeres Asesinas " depicts the homicides committed by women in Argentina discussed in the trilogy of books of the same name by Marisa Grinstein .	Pres
Jimmy flees to his cousin 's house , but when the police show up outside she forces him to leave as she stonewalls the police .	Pres
After this , Marcus asks Patricia to leave Philly with him and put the past behind her .	Pres
She refuses , and he leaves alone .	Pres
" Night Catches Us " debuted at the 26th Sundance Film Festival , and has since received positive critical reviews .	Pres
When they refused to sing the hymns , they were threatened with excommunication .	Past
The main founders of the denomination were particularly concentrated in the vicinity of Rustenburg .	Past
At this meeting , 300 members have enrolled as members of " Gereformeerde Kerke " .	Past
Criticism that the churches in the RCSA have abandoned the principle that Christ is the only Head of the church , exists .	Pres
The impression that some of the churches have abandoned the principles from the Reformation has been discussed at the " GKSA Forum " .	Past
The church cooperates with the Presbyterian Church of Brazil in missions in Angola and Mozambique .	Pres
Terms of the acquisition deal were not disclosed .	Past
He was reappointed to the commission in January 2005 .	Past
His term expired in January 2011 .	Past
Following the explosion of the lower front manhole gasket of boiler A of that vessel , Mahoney displayed great coolness and self-possession in entering the fireroom .	Past
Facing the heavy fire of the enemy , Maxwell displayed extraordinary bravery and coolness throughout this action .	Past
In February 1942 , together with the Secondary Art School , he was evacuated from besieged Leningrad to Samarkand , Central Asia .	Past
In June 1942 , Oleg Lomakin was drafted into the Red Army and took part in the German-Soviet War .	Past
Oleg Lomakin 's style distinguish a broad painting , energetic brushstroke , artistic transfer of tonal relations and states of lighting and air .	Pres
He was acknowledged master of drawing and plein air painting .	Past
Much of the bay is clogged up with Shoals .	Past
Morin was warranted to the rank of boatswain on July 30 , 1903 and retired from the Navy on April 12 , 1910 .	Past
Despite holding the Medal of Honor , he was dismissed from the Navy on October 10 , 1916 .	Past
The Choctaw and Chickasaw nations objected to the admission on appeal of several individuals without notice to them .	Past
It was later rumored that the breakup was due to lack of time for writing new songs to meet Rise Records ' deadline for a new album .	Past
In June 2014 Pmtoday reunited for one night to do a proper farewell show , as support act for Brand New .	Past
Englehart documented America 's Western landscape and frontier during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .	Past
During those prosperous years he commuted to work from a residence across the San Francisco Bay in Oakland .	Past
" The Legend of Korra " was initially conceived as a twelve-episode miniseries .	Past
Cyclically reincarnating among the world 's four nations , the Avatar maintains peace and balance in the world .	Pres
The first season , " Book One : Air " , sees Korra move to Republic City to learn airbending from Tenzin , Avatar Aang 's son .	Pres
This fails thanks to the help of Suyin Beifong , Lin 's previously estranged sister .	Pres
Korra slowly recovers from the injuries incurred in the fight with Zaheer , traveling the world alone and haunted by fear .	Pres
Only after Kuvira 's weapon blows open a third portal to the Spirit World , destroying much of the city , does she concede defeat .	Pres
The series focuses on Korra and her friends , sometimes called " Team Avatar " : the bending brothers Mako and Bolin and the non-bender Asami .	Pres
The series ' final scene indicates a romantic connection between them .	Pres
Amon 's lieutenant is voiced by Lance Henriksen , and Asami 's father Hiroshi Sato by Daniel Dae Kim .	Past
The season also explains the Avatar mythos though the first Avatar Wan ( Steven Yeun ) and Vaatu 's polar opposite Raava ( April Stewart ) .	Pres
Making a few appearances in Books Two and Three , Greg Baldwin reprises Iroh from the previous series .	Pres
Jim Meskimen voices a Republic City merchant and later airbender named Daw , as well as Suyin 's husband , the architect Baatar .	Pres
The premiere was eventually delayed to April 14 , 2012 .	Past
The creators eventually persuaded the channel 's executives to change their mind .	Past
According to Jae-myung Yoo , Studio Mir was later contacted and re-asked to animate " Book 2 " .	Past
Yoo feared that , if " Book 2 " failed , Studio Mir and Korean animators would have their reputations tarnished for Pierrot 's failures .	Past
Episodes nine to thirteen were streamed online , rather than being broadcast as a television program .	Pres
Each episode comprises about 15,000 drawings .	Pres
The following table indicates the release dates of the DVD and Blu-ray versions of the series :	Pres
Levesley also highlighted the " many examples of well-written women , predominantly of color " in the series .	Past
He also feared that his parents might prevent the martyrdom he longed for .	Past
His legacy survives now only in the high medieval Basilica ( erected c . 1100-1400 ) , and the miracle stories written by Gregory of Tours .	Pres
The UWP argued that the Speaker had no legal authority to declare the seats vacant and that the by-elections were unconstitutional .	Past
The Labour Party fielded the same candidates that ran unsuccessfully in the 2009 general election , Bentley Royer in Salisbury and Dayton Baptiste in Marigot .	Past
He emigrated to the United States and enlisted in the United States Navy .	Past
Serving under the fire of the enemy , Muller displayed heroism and gallantry during this period .	Past
This album marks the first appearances of guitarist Cuinn Brogan and bassist Jerrod Morgan , replacing former members Kevin Middleton and Nick Hargett respectively .	Pres
In 2017 , Tequila Patron ESM switched to Nissan engines , fielding two Nissan Onroak DPi units for Dalziel / Sharp and Van Overbeek / Brown .	Past
It fulfills this mandate primarily through its authority to license .	Pres
The CBA protects California consumers by performing several functions .	Pres
First , it ensures candidates are qualified to take the Uniform Certified Public Accountant Examination ( CPA Exam ) .	Pres
The CBA renews that license every two years provided the licensee has met specified continuing education requirements .	Pres
The CBA also registers CPA partnerships and corporations .	Pres
The CBA ensures licensee compliance with the law through its Enforcement Division .	Pres
It receives and investigates complaints and takes enforcement action against licensees for violation of CBA statutes and regulations .	Pres
The Governor appoints four of the public members and all seven of the licensees .	Pres
The Senate Rules Committee and the Speaker of the Assembly each appoint two public members .	Past
They also streamed them online via WatchESPN .	Past
The French Revolution encouraged the artists to celebrate the new order .	Past
When the republic was proclaimed , Dupré engraved the bulk of the new revolutionary decimal currency .	Past
The écu " à l 'Hercule " created in 1796 , was again struck in 1848 , then in 1870 and 1877 .	Past
In 1996 the Fifth Republic also honored him by issuing a 5 franc commemorative coin .	Past
In the 1890s , prisoners quarried stone to build a wall to enclose the prison yard .	Past
On April 12 , 2011 , Correctional Officer Ronald " R.J. " Johnson was bludgeoned to death by two inmates who were trying to escape .	Past
They were subsequently sentenced to death .	Past
A third convict was sentenced to life imprisonment for providing materials in the killing .	Past
The first convict , Eric Robert , was executed successfully on October 16 , 2012 using South Dakota 's new single-drug lethal injection method .	Past
The Syro-Malankara Church observes the Antiochian Rite in the Syriac language .	Pres
On July 14 , 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI erected the Syro-Malankara Catholic Apostolic Exarchate in the United States , a missionary pre-diocesan apostolic exarchate .	Past
In the sole incumbent was also vested the office of Apostolic Visitor in Canada of the Syro-Malankars .	Past
In his see remains vested the office of Apostolic Visitor in Europe ( where the church has no proper Ordinary ) of the Syro-Malankars .	Past
The first edition was self-published in 1969 .	Past
The " Concordance " originated as a privately printed fandom publication by Dorothy Jones Heydt in 1968 .	Past
In 1969 , Trimble edited and self-published " The Star Trek Concordance " , covering the first two years of the series .	Past
In the Introduction to the Ballantine " Concordance " Trimble explains the origins of the book :	Pres
An updated edition of the book would not be reprinted until 1995 .	Past
This facilitates finding episodes in the book .	Pres
Bjo Trimble dedicates the book to three men , one of them series creator Gene Roddenberry .	Pres
In it Heydt explains her contribution to the " Concordance " , as well as Roddenberry 's concept of the stardate :	Pres
The animated chapter is illustrated , unlike the live action chapters .	Past
Trimble is acknowledged by the authors of " The Star Trek Encyclopedia " and " Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology " as a research consultant .	Past
For example , Susan Howard from the " Day of the Dove " episode , was accidentally omitted .	Past
This error would be reproduced later in " The Star Trek Compendium " and wouldn 't be corrected until the second edition .	Past
It grows in many types of habitat , from grassland to the alpine climates of high mountains , in rocky and sandy areas .	Pres
They are flattened to the stem .	Past
reviewed by Marshall Joffre at Grant ’ s Tomb .	Past
He has re-recorded and re-released his previous Kid Sensation albums without profanity .	Past
The concept for " Moon Museum " was brainstormed by sculptor Forrest " Frosty " Myers .	Past
When NASA dithered whether the wafer would be allowed onto the module , Waldhauer devised another plan .	Past
Waldhauer knew a Grumman Aircraft engineer who was working on the Apollo 12 lander module , and he proved willing to place the wafer on it .	Past
According to the FAA 's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009 – 2013 , it is categorized as a " general aviation " facility .	Past
Lenore 's mother also suggests that William probably found another woman in Hungary , and that Lenore should forget him .	Pres
Lenore asks William to " leave the dead alone " ( " Laß sie ruhn , die Todten " ) .	Pres
[ Lenore ] exerted a more widespread influence than perhaps any other short poem in the literature of the world .	Past
[ ... ] like wildfire , this remarkable ballad swept across Europe , from Scotland to Poland and Russia , from Scandinavia to Italy .	Past
Percy Bysshe Shelley was also impressed by " Lenore " and treasured a copy of the poem which he had handwritten himself .	Past
Shelley biographer Charles S. Middleton further suggests that " it is hinted , somewhat plausibly , that the Leonora of Bürgher first awakened his poetic faculty .	Pres
A tale of such beauty and terror might well have kindled his lively imagination " .	Past
" On the wings of the wind , " replied the Ghost . )	Past
The project was canceled during one of the many difficult periods for Francis Coppola 's Zoetrope Studios .	Past
A sonic boom shook the entire Montreal region as the fireball passed overhead .	Past
The first mass was recovered within minutes of the fall , from a deep pit , east of Saint-Robert by Stephane Forcier .	Past
Over the next three months 20 other stones were recovered from shallow pits , with largest weighing .	Past
Clubs affiliated to UCR as of June , 2012 :	Past
According to the FAA 's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009 – 2013 , it is categorized as a " general aviation " facility .	Past
The three way race was hotly contested with Cook defeating Bossenberry in the second vote count .	Past
A native of County Galway , Ireland , Burke immigrated to the U.S. and joined the Navy from the state of New York on 21 Jan 1862 .	Past
She toured with Carole King in May – June 1973 after having participated on two of King 's studio albums .	Past
" Billboard " recommended the LP , but it did not chart .	Past
He entertained her with card tricks .	Past
Hall remarked of these encounters , " when he spoke to us , he was not the poet . "	Past
The main mass is conserved at the Planetarium de Montreal , Canada .	Past
The competition ceased operation in 2004 , at the same time the NSL ended .	Past
A native of Denmark , Brown immigrated to the U.S. and joined the Navy from Maryland .	Past
During his time at Domtar he specialized in the development of chipping technology and has a number of patents and patents pending in his field .	Past
He assisted in the development of over 30 sawmills improving the quality of their chips to meet the requirements of specific pulp mills .	Past
The grant extended along the north side of the Carmel River and the Carmel Valley , was bounded to the east by the Boronda Rancho Los Laureles .	Past
Ransom also examined San Bernardino Mountain in southern California to see if it would be feasible to establish an initial point on its summit .	Past
The fort measured approximately 400 feet by 350 feet with walls 10 to 12 feet high and 20 feet thick at the base .	Past
He relocated his business , Western Nurseries , from Brooks to Bowness but had difficulty at first because of the lack of water , electricity or gas .	Past
She enrolled in and earned degrees at University of Melbourne , University of Chicago , Monash University , and Australian National University .	Past
A critic of U.S. foreign policy , Gillespie travelled to Iraq as a human shield during the 2003 invasion of Iraq .	Past
The community bears the name of a French Canadian pioneer .	Pres
It is affiliated with the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod .	Past
Sagle enjoys weather that features all four seasons .	Pres
Sagle is characterized by low , rolling hills bordered by larger mountains .	Past
Additionally , huckleberry patches are widespread throughout these hills , although most locals won 't tell you where their favorite place is .	Past
" Joan of Arc " was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian 's Save Outdoor Sculpture !	Past
Her body is twisted slightly , and her right arm is raised behind her .	Past
She is wearing a helmet with a raised visor and she looks skywards .	Pres
The sword she originally held in her right hand was stolen in 1978 , and not replaced until December 2011 .	Past
The replica in Washington was donated by Le Lyceum Société des Femmes de France to the women of the United States of America .	Past
The sculpture was surveyed for condition in 1994 and was described as needing treatment .	Past
The exterior of the church is dominated by the three onion domes which top the gable facing the street .	Past
The facade is executed in red and grey bricks with sandstone ornamentations .	Past
Because of the many factories in Hudson , immigrants were attracted to the town .	Past
The Praying Indians were evicted from their plantation during King Philip 's War and most did not return after the war .	Past
Their petition was denied by the Massachusetts General Court .	Past
In 1865 , Feltonville residents once again petitioned to become a separate town .	Past
The population hovered around 4,000 residents , most of whom lived in modest houses with small backyard gardens .	Past
Nobody was hurt , but the damages were estimated at $ 400,000 in 1894 ( the equivalent of approximately $ 11.1 million in 2018 ) .	Past
The town was substantially rebuilt within a year or two .	Past
In 1928 , 19 languages were spoken by the workers of the Firestone-Apsley Rubber Company .	Past
The Portuguese community in Hudson maintains the Hudson Portuguese Club , which was established in the mid-1910s and has outlived many other area ethnic clubs .	Pres
Hudson 's population hovered around 8,000 from the 1920s to the 1950s , when developers purchased some farms that surrounded the town center .	Past
Another canoe and kayak launch exists farther upstream behind Hudson High School , accessible via an unpaved parking lot on Chapin Street .	Pres
The Town of Hudson owns and maintains Centennial Beach on the shores of Fort Meadow Reservoir .	Pres
The neighborhood and unincorporated village of Gleasondale straddles Hudson and Stow .	Pres
Fruit bodies are characterized by the small dark brown to black conical scales covering the cap , and the net-like pattern of ridges on the upper stem .	Past
Species in this section are characterized by having spores that may be either smooth or with short spines or warts , ridges or reticulations .	Past
Although it is not known definitively for " Strobilomyces foveatus " , all " Strobilomyces " species are suspected to be mycorrhizal .	Past
Newcastle enjoyed a good run in the 1997 – 98 FA Cup and reached the final for the first time in 24 years .	Past
They never looked like winners , and the final whistle blew with a 2 – 0 scoreline giving the trophy to opponents Arsenal .	Past
In addition , it was dubbed a Publishers Weekly Best Book of the Year and an International Reading Association Teacher 's Choice .	Past
Interweaving his own narrative with the recollections of Knud himself , Phillip Hoose weaves an inspiring non-fiction story of young war heroes .	Pres
Abington Heights School District encompasses approximately .	Pres
By 2013 , the median household income in the United States rose to $ 52,100 .	Past
Neither of these officials are voting members of the School Board .	Pres
The School Board enters into individual employment contracts for these positions .	Pres
The Pennsylvania Auditor General audits the district on various issues on a cyclic basis .	Pres
The reports are posted in the Auditor General Office website .	Past
Abington Heights School District 's High School was cited in a state report regarding irregularities in the PSSA testing .	Past
After an investigation , the District was cleared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education .	Past
Per the PA Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated " Highly Qualified " under the federal No Child Left Behind Act .	Past
Per the PA Department of Education 100 % of the teachers were rated " Highly Qualified " under the federal No Child Left Behind Act .	Past
In Biology I , 84.6 % demonstrated on grade level science understanding at the end of the course .	Past
In Biology , 86 % demonstrated on grade level science understanding at the end of the course .	Past
The exams were administered in the Spring of each school year .	Past
The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate .	Past
This state program permits high school students to take courses , at local higher education institutions , to earn college credits .	Pres
The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree .	Pres
Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement , many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions .	Pres
Schools are mandated to provide targeted assistance to help the student be successful .	Past
Schools are mandated to provide targeted assistance to help the student be successful .	Past
In 2011 , Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1 , Biology and English Lit exams .	Past
They averaged 497 ( out of 800 ) verbal , 514 math and 489 in writing .	Past
The student pays the fee for the exam which was $ 89 per test per pupil in 2012 .	Pres
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated " Highly Qualified " under No Child Left Behind .	Past
Fifth graders are tested in reading , mathematics and writing .	Past
Sixth and seventh grades have been tested in reading and mathematics since 2006 .	Past
Eighth graders are tested in : reading , writing , mathematics and Science .	Past
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
The SPP was withheld by the PDE .	Past
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The fourth grade is tested in reading , math and science .	Past
Pennsylvania System of School Assessments were administered beginning 2006 to all Pennsylvania public school students in grades 3rd-4th .	Past
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under No Child Left Behind .	Past
According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education , 100 % of the teachers were rated highly qualified under the No Child Left Behind Act .	Past
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .	Pres
Schools are permitted to provide accommodations to some students .	Past
This approach permits such specialized instructional strategies as tiered assignments , curriculum compacting , flexible grouping , learning stations , independent projects and independent contracts .	Pres
The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student 's building principal and requesting an evaluation .	Past
The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly , and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified .	Pres
An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials .	Past
The preliminary budget proposal must also be printed and made available for public inspection at least 20 days prior to its adoption .	Past
The Board proposes the teachers pay $ 80 per month .	Pres
( Some teachers benefits utilize a 2.50 % benefit factor . )	Pres
In 2017-18 , the mandated contribution rate for state and local taxpayers is 32.57 % of each teachers salary .	Pres
Rather than striking immediately , they waited until school started for pupils in September .	Past
When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation .	Past
The Pennsylvania School Boards Association collects and maintains statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania .	Pres
Designated funds and any other funds , such as capital reserves , are allocated to specific projects .	Past
In April 2013 , the state audited the District again .	Past
Effective 2016 , active duty military are also exempted from paying the local earned income tax in Pennsylvania .	Past
According to a report from Representative Todd Stephens office , Abington Heights School District receives 27.9 % of its annual revenue from the state .	Pres
Wolf also altered the Ready to Learn Grant distribution .	Past
Another $ 1.08 billion was allotted for special education funding , a $ 30 million or 2.9 percent increase over 2014-15 .	Past
Beginning in the 2014-2015 budget , the State funded a new Ready to Learn Grant for public schools .	Past
The program was funded from 2006-2009 .	Past
The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved .	Past
They identify the primary language spoken at home .	Pres
The property tax is not levied on cars , business inventory , or other personal property .	Past
Unlike other states , under Pennsylvania state tax policy , natural gas and oil pipelines are exempted from property taxes .	Past
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district sex official process .	Pres
The School District Adjusted Index for the Abington Heights School District 2006-2007 through 2010-2011 .	Past
The tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property on the individual 's tax bill .	Past
In 1883 , it was struck by lightning and burned to the ground .	Past
The mascot for Abington Heights is Comet , while the colors are blue and white .	Past
They are restricted to the granite peninsula of Land 's End and the Isles of Scilly , Wales and other highland areas .	Past
This change is illustrated by the contrast between Hatfield House and the earlier Hatfield Palace , which it was built to replace .	Past
In rural villages of India , such as Andhra Pradesh these Courtyard houses are termed as Manduva Logili Illulu .	Past
The classes of 1920 and 1921 pledged a collected total of $ 142,000 in support of the gymnasium as a memorial and construction was completed in 1924 .	Past
From its completion , the gymnasium housed a variety of sporting and social activities , including basketball , boxing and dances .	Past
The basketball program was housed in the building for 42 seasons before University Hall opened in 1965 .	Past
This list only exists in a mid-12th-century manuscript , but is likely a copy of an original list dating to right after 1066 .	Pres
The historian David Bates argues that the relationship to the Aincourt family is likely , based on fact that the family held lands near Fécamp .	Pres
Bates speculates that whatever relationship may have existed between Remigius and King William may have been from Remigius ' possible descent from an earlier ducal concubine .	Pres
Remigius was consecrated by Stigand , the Archbishop of Canterbury , sometime around 1067 .	Past
Bates points out that in 1067 , when Remigius was consecrated , the newly crowned king was attempting to conciliate and work with the native English .	Pres
Eventually , Remigius secured resinstatement to his bishopric .	Past
He owed his restoration to the intercession of Lanfranc , the new archbishop of Canterbury , who had petitioned Alexander for Remigius ' pardon .	Past
It encompassed what had originally been three different bishoprics – those of Dorchester , Leicester and Lindsey , which were combined together by about 1010 .	Past
The church was modeled after the cathedral at Rouen , as well as the abbey church of St Etienne , Caen .	Past
The art historian Anthony Quiney suggests that the tower may have served as the bishop 's palace until the time of Alexander of Lincoln .	Pres
While only one surviving manuscript can be traced to the cathedral under Remigius , a surviving book catalogue testifies to the existence of the library under Remigius .	Past
Although miracles were ascribed to him and cult persisted into the thirteenth century , he was never canonized .	Past
VSC conducts the largest fine arts and writing residency program in the U.S. , with a significant population of international artists in residency .	Pres
The center attracts residents from more than 40 countries and all of the U.S. states .	Pres
Regent Assistant Region I coordinate the District of Rambah , Tandun , Rokan IV Koto , Kunto Darussalam , Fullness , and Tambusai .	Pres
The twenty districts ( with their administrative centres ) are tabulated below with their 2010 Census populations :	Past
This happens because the new Kampar region apart from Minang since the Japanese colonial period in 1942 .	Pres
The arboretum was first conceived by Robert A. Vines , and in 1951 park land was set aside by the City Council for the Houston Botanical Society .	Past
The children 's botanical hall was funded in 1966 , and nature center begun in 1967 .	Past
Unconfirmed reports indicate a few T-72s may have been provided to North Korea in the early 1990s .	Pres
Up to 5,400 tanks are coupled with at least 12,000 self-propelled artillery pieces and thousands of other towed artillery pieces of unknown type and quantity .	Past
Other armour is relegated to a secondary role in this corps or to North Korea 's four mechanized corps .	Past
This all manifests itself within the ' triangle ' of North Korean military development – armour , artillery and missiles .	Pres
Although no dates are available , the Ch 'ŏnma-ho I was later upgraded to the II version with a laser rangefinder above the mantlet .	Past
The most modern Ch 'ŏnma-ho tanks seem to be the IV and V versions .	Pres
The Ch 'ŏnma-ho IV is fitted with what resemble EDZ light explosive reactive armour bricks .	Past
Judging by photographs , these are mounted specifically on the turret side , with at least eight bricks per side .	Past
North Korea is rumored to have received a few examples of the T-72s after 1992 , and possibly a single T-90S main battle tank in August 2001 .	Past
They are apparently deployed in sufficient numbers to be strategically significant .	Past
It mainly occupies the upper part of the catchment area of the Rokan River , and has an area of 7,588.13 km ² .	Pres
The release of this compilation coincides with that of " Bites and Remission " and contains many of the same songs , albeit in a different context .	Pres
It occupies the lower part of the catchment area of the Rokan River , and has an area of 8,851.59 km ² .	Pres
The series spanned 10 episodes , released in Japan between February 10 , 2006 , and December 26 , 2012 .	Past
She witnessed his death which turned her from a once innocent and shy little girl to a tough and deadly force .	Past
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Dark Horse Comics .	Past
Chapters of " The Dawn " were animated as part of the " Hellsing Ultimate " OVA series .	Past
Mr. Big performs the song " Shine " for the series ending theme .	Pres
The OVA series is licensed for release in the United States by Geneon USA .	Past
Simultaneously , the company re-released the first three episodes .	Past
At Otakon 2014 , Funimation finalized the release date of the final two OVAs , setting it for October 28 , 2014 .	Past
Little Aughwick Creek joins with Sideling Hill Creek near the community of Maddensville to form Aughwick Creek .	Pres
The French colonial army consisting of 2,000 men led by General Charles Leclerc blockade the fort , defended by Jean-Jacques Dessalines 's Haitian rebels .	Past
Though a defeat for the Haitians , the battle demonstrated their fighting qualities and showed that they could cause significant casualties to regular European forces .	Past
Today , it has reverted to its original purpose as a host of agricultural events , such as rodeos , horse shows and livestock shows .	Past
As the limit of a parameter approaches a certain critical value , the speed of the oscillation slows down and the period approaches infinity .	Pres
Beyond the critical value , the two fixed points emerge continuously from each other on the limit cycle to disrupt the oscillation and form two saddle points .	Pres
The film is triggered by the switches .	Past
David Jackson 's " Tonewall " project has utilized Soundbeam since 1992 .	Past
Fourteen eagles were spotted in January 2007 .	Past
The first Europeans in the area cleared land for farming and built a gristmill to support the farms .	Past
It rose from just a day to a day .	Past
The mountains were stripped by the lumbering operation of Caprio and Grieco who had built a railroad into the area and built a sawmill at Paradise Furnace .	Past
The forests struggled to regrow in the wake of the wildfire .	Past
The streams were dying and wildlife was scarcely found .	Pres
Balanced Rock is perched atop a cliff alongside Great Trough Creek .	Past
Copperas Rock has been stained a coppery-yellow color by ferrous sulfate that has leached from a small coal deposit .	Past
The rocks freeze in winter , contracting and allowing air to fill the empty spaces .	Pres
But Trough Creek State Park adjoins state forest land and land owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .	Pres
The most common game species are ruffed grouse , squirrels , turkey and white-tailed deer .	Past
Schedule Caste ( SC ) constitutes 38.95 % while Schedule Tribe ( ST ) were 0.77 % of total population in Chaukori .	Pres
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act , Chaukori is administrated by a Sarpanch who is an elected representative of the village .	Past
The Udiari Bend in Chaukori marks the intersection of roads coming from Kanda-Bageshwar , Seraghat-Almora and Thal-Munsiari .	Pres
He was imprisoned in the Fenestrelle fortress for seven years , not even learning why until his second year there .	Past
A year later , a dying Torri bequeathed to Picaud a treasure he had hidden in Milan .	Past
Picaud first murdered Chaubart , or had him murdered .	Past
Picaud tricked Loupian 's daughter into marrying a criminal , whom he then had arrested .	Past
Picaud then burned down Loupian 's restaurant , or arranged to have it burned down , leaving Loupian impoverished .	Past
The developers aimed to make the music and the environment a much larger factor in the fight .	Past
In addition , the producers promised massive levels of interactivity within each environment .	Past
Fighters bleed and show visible signs of their injuries as fights progress and as the player 's character gets hurt .	Pres
Kevin then asks Carver for his autograph .	Pres
While Carver signs Kevin 's basketball , he asks the children whether they 're staying out of trouble .	Pres
The title was resurrected under the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534 .	Past
The release of this compilation coincides with that of " Remission & Bites " and contains many of the same songs , albeit in a different context .	Pres
The show airs at 7 p.m .	Pres
Its titles are printed as hand-loom sari-bound volumes with exquisite calligraphy on them .	Past
The term itself was coined by Golovchenko and co-workers at Harvard in the paper " Ion-beam sculpting at nanometer length scales . "	Past
A detector counts the amount of ions passing through the membrane ( which should be zero ) .	Pres
The process stops when ions begin to be detected .	Pres
This enables for a much smaller hole to be opened than if using an FIB alone .	Pres
A detector registers the number of ions passing through the hole as a function of time .	Pres
Recently this method has been demonstrated to occur with all the noble gases , not just argon .	Past
Due to hydrocarbon buildup , the electrons stimulate hole closure .	Pres
The ions stimulate movement on the wafer , and also implant themselves to help close the hole .	Pres
Established in 1965 , HRI offers a doctoral program in affiliation with the Homi Bhabha National Institute .	Past
HRI is funded by the Department of Atomic Energy ( DAE ) of the Government of India .	Past
The institute was facing financial difficulties , and Prof Shrikhande sought DAE support for the institute .	Pres
Since then , the institute has grown in facilities , scope of research as well as number of faculty and students .	Past
Collins was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks , in the first round ( 18th pick ) , of the 1980 National Basketball Association ( NBA ) draft .	Past
In 2009 the material was re-issued digitally supported by a book : " Lifter Puller vs. the End Of " .	Past
The track features Finn on guest vocals .	Pres
Finn has indicated that some of his greatest lyrical influences include Blake Schwarzenbach from Jets to Brazil and Jawbreaker as well as Bruce Springsteen .	Past
Having no experience as an actor , James-Collier auditioned for the series " Down to Earth " .	Past
Stars Ricky Tomlinson and Denise Welch were convinced by his talent , and he got the part of the womanising pub landlord .	Past
He will be portraying the role of Martin Evershed , a new deputy head .	Pres
James-Collier modelled for Argos , where he appeared in the Autumn / Winter 2007 and Spring / Summer 2008 catalogues .	Past
The twining stems bear plenty of fragrant , chalice-shaped bisexual flowers , about in diameter , with five white , creamish , violet or pale pink petals .	Pres
The flowering period extends from July through September in the northern hemisphere and from November through February in the southern hemisphere .	Pres
They prefer sunny or partially shady places , at an altitude of above sea level .	Pres
Walkelin also reformed the monastic community there , as did all Norman bishops in their new dioceses .	Past
After receiving a degree in journalism in 1952 , he was drafted and served in the Army in Hanau , Germany .	Past
He also reviewed books for the " Tulsa World " and wrote a column , " The Golden Country " , for the " Ozarks Mountaineer " .	Past
As a high-school senior , Ford cited Shakespeare , Longfellow , and Millay as his favorite writers .	Past
Also , Vladimir Nabokov quoted two lines from Ford 's sonnet " The Image of Desire " in the novel " Pale Fire " .	Past
The 11th West Virginia was mustered out on June 17 , 1865 .	Past
Founded in 1961 , it is administered by the Fédération Togolaise de Football .	Past
There descendants of space travelers from Earth have reverted to a pre-technological society .	Pres
A storm blows the balloon off course , over the Medranian Sea , and the pair is forced to land on the island of Afka to resupply .	Pres
During their escape they stumble across the Great Fetish , which turns out to be a large set of boxes containing oddly mottled metallic cards .	Pres
These mainstream critiques were echoed within the genre .	Past
He rated it " all froth and no substance ... [ a ] n enjoyable time-killer . "	Past
De Camp gleefully lampoons many of the more ridiculous aspects of our own culture , from campus radicalism to New York City to religious dogmatism . "	Pres
Janet specialized in animals and birds .	Past
Over the course of their career together , the sisters illustrated more than 100 books .	Past
At WorldCat , all catalogued works by Janet may be joint works with Anne .	Past
Meanwhile , those works catalogued as by Anne alone are not in the LC Catalogue .	Past
Phyllis , like Chloe , is torn between two suitors .	Past
The character of Lycidas also anticipates the character of Archibald Grosvenor in " Patience " , who is cursed with perfect beauty .	Pres
They irritably agree to break off their engagement .	Pres
Strephon protests that Chloe is betrothed to him , and that , to put up a fight , he 'll resign from Arcadia .	Pres
Strephon reluctantly withdraws , and Lycidas asks Chloe to " be mine " .	Pres
Astrologos has departed , leaving a package for Strephon containing the four magic items .	Past
Strephon decides to auction off three of the items .	Pres
Each item is auctioned off for four pence .	Past
Everyone is distressed by their transformations , and the idea occurs to them that if they exchange magic items , they will each get another wish .	Past
With an increase in population in the area , it was supplemented by two new high schools , Highland and Parkside .	Past
The name " Lobelia oligophylla " was therefore reinstated .	Past
It produces numerous laterally symmetrical , star shaped pink flowers on short stalks , covering the mat .	Pres
He co-wrote all of the songs for Internecine with Shannon Purdon and released two demos , one in 1993 and another in 1997 .	Past
She defends the position that there is no scientific evidence of any significant disparity in the intellectual faculties of males and females .	Pres
Through an array of similar experiments , Spelke interpreted her evidence to suggest that babies have a set of highly sophisticated , innate mental skills .	Past
In 2005 , Lawrence Summers , then Harvard president , speculated over the preponderance of men over women in high-end science and engineering positions .	Past
His words immediately sparked a heated debate .	Past
It was instituted by Royal Warrant on 20 September 1999 as part of the move to replace British bravery awards with an indigenous New Zealand Bravery system .	Past
Power was at first provided by a military version of a Maybach 6-cylinder water-cooled gasoline engine .	Past
The front axle had transversely mounted leaf springs and shock absorbers - the only ones on the vehicle .	Past
A convertible canvas top was mounted at the upper part of the rear body .	Past
It fastened to the windshield when erected .	Past
Four side pieces could be mounted to protect the crew from the weather .	Past
Demag was contracted to design a new version of the " Sd.Kfz .	Past
Seven factories assembled the various models of the " Sd.Kfz .	Past
MWC assembled 4750 between 1939 and November 1944 .	Past
10 / 2 " was a chemical decontamination vehicle fitted with a capacity spreader and space for eight barrels of decontamination chemicals .	Past
The barrels were stowed on platforms over the tracks with foldable outer rails .	Past
It weighed empty and loaded .	Past
10 / 3 " was equipped with a tank and spray system to lay down poison gas barriers .	Past
The spray nozzle swung back and forth to cover a width of .	Past
By this stage of the war , they were equipped with " Nebelwerfer " rocket launchers and had organic anti-tank guns .	Past
Four folding seats were fitted on the platform for the crew .	Past
It usually towed an ammunition trailer ( " Sd.Ah .	Past
From 1940 they were fitted with rifle racks over the front fenders and from 1942 these were given sheet metal covers as protection from the weather .	Past
As the war progressed the guns were more often fitted with gun shields .	Past
Some vehicles were fitted with a " 3.7 cm PaK 36 " or " 5 cm PaK 38 " anti-tank gun .	Past
For the " Chemical Troops ( Nebeltruppen ) " each decontamination battery ( " Entgiftungs-Batterie " ) was authorized six " Sd.Kfz .	Past
If necessary they could be substituted for " Sd.Kfz .	Past
Later , these companies were reorganized with a total of eight " Sd.Kfz .	Past
10 / 5s " were substituted for " 10 / 4s " on a one for one basis .	Past
Guns , vehicles and aircraft was both manufactured domestically and purchased abroad .	Past
In the mid 1970s - 1980s , they were traced down and sold abroad .	Past
Her parents loved the arts and took her to numerous plays , museums , concerts , and dance performances .	Past
After receiving her BFA , she traveled to Europe and Africa , developing skills in documentary photography , her earliest works .	Past
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , Simpson was showing work through solo exhibitions all over the country , and her name was synonymous with photo-text artworks .	Pres
Her first European retrospective opened at the Jeu de Paume in Paris in 2013 , then traveled to Germany , England , and Massachusetts .	Past
She first exhibited paintings in 2015 at the 56th Venice Biennale , followed by a showing at the Salon 94 Bowery .	Past
In a 2017 issue of Vogue Magazine , Simpson showcased a series of portraits of 18 professional creative women who hold art central to their lives .	Past
The women photographed included Teresita Fernández , Huma Bhabha , and Jacqueline Woodson .	Past
Recently , Simpson has experimented with film as well as continuing to work with photography .	Past
The fragmentation and serialization of bodily images disrupts and denies the body 's wholeness and individuality .	Pres
In attempting to read the work the viewer is provoked into confronting histories of appropriation and consumption of the black female body .	Past
Simpson 's work often portrays black women combined with text to express contemporary society 's relationship with race , ethnicity and sex .	Pres
Both women are portrayed by artist Wangechi Mutu , allowing parallel and haunting relationships to be drawn .	Past
She has commented , " I do not appear in any of my work .	Past
It is currently sponsored by Delta Beverages under the Castle Lager brand and hence is known as Castle Lager Premier Soccer League .	Past
At the end of the season four teams are relegated into the lower division and an equal number promoted .	Past
Originally a lower income level , in 2014 Delta Beverages upped their sponsorship to $ 3,6 million .	Past
During one scene she dances to a vinyl LP of Yma Sumac 's " Mambo ! " .	Pres
Guhyeshwari Temple ( ) , also spelled " Guheswari " or " Guhjeshwari " , is one of the revered holy temples in Kathmandu , Nepal .	Past
The goddess is worshiped at the centre of the temple in a kalasha ( water jar ) that is covered with a layer of silver and gold .	Past
The kalasha rests on a stone base which covers an underground natural water spring , from which water oozes out from the edges of the base .	Pres
This temple is revered by Tantric practitioners and Tantric rites are performed in this temple .	Past
It seemed like he was always working on it .	Past
Gilliland researched this radio documentary , " The Pop Chronicles " , for over two years prior to its broadcast .	Past
In 2003 , Gilliland 's sister donated the Pop Chronicles tapes to the University of North Texas Music Library where they form The John Gilliland Collection .	Past
Several independent candidates contested the 1981 Ontario provincial election , none of whom were elected .	Past
He campaigned for the North York Board of Control in 1980 , 1982 and 1985 , and later ran for office in Vaughan .	Past
In 1988 , Esposito campaigned for the York Regional Council as a Vaughan representative .	Past
He renewed his support for lower property taxes and increased day care options , also calling for low-density affordable housing while opposing townhouses and highrise projects .	Past
Manners was enrolled at Eton from 7 July 1757 until 1762 .	Past
The following highways are numbered 153 :	Past
The following highways are numbered 154 :	Past
The following highways are numbered 156 :	Past
The following highways are numbered 159 :	Past
The following highways are numbered 160 :	Past
The league aimed to go fully professional in the 2008 – 09 campaign .	Past
The 2014-15 campaign was cancelled due to the Civil War which also stopped all footballing activities in the Middle Eastern country .	Past
Through some bad business dealings by her brother , Gosamyr and her family are forfeited to the evil alien businessman Spyder .	Past
Spyder keeps most of Gosamyr 's family imprisoned while she herself is kept at the end of a leash as a pet .	Pres
Lila is kidnapped by Spyder 's men in spite of the efforts of her friends from the New Mutants .	Past
On their space voyage , Gosamyr manipulates the New Mutants and causes conflict between them in order to establish herself as the alpha female of the group .	Pres
Magik breaks the spell by striking Gosamyr with her Soulsword .	Pres
Gosamyr frees the New Mutants by using a trick which makes her invisible .	Pres
To prevent this , Lila apparently teleports them and herself into the sun .	Pres
Now orphaned , Gosamyr nonetheless accepts that Lila 's killing her family was necessary .	Pres
She no longer actively manipulates her companions , and though Warlock remains suspicious of her , New Mutants co-leader Mirage has forgiven her earlier misdeeds .	Pres
Gosamyr helps out clearing the damage after a demonic invasion of Manhattan .	Pres
( This " cover-up " was highly criticized in the readers ' letters column . )	Past
Gosamyr and her companions decide to take up residence in the spacecraft Ship , the ally and mobile headquarters of X-Factor .	Pres
However , upon scanning Gosamyr , Ship recognizes her species and tries to kill her .	Pres
Resolved to not cause any more harm to her friends , Gosamyr takes Ship 's suggestion and leaves Earth .	Past
She also possesses some empathic control over the male species , which she mostly uses to seduce or bring about conflict .	Pres
The collection and analysis of gases in an oil-insulated transformer was discussed .	Past
, many years of empirical and theoretical study have gone into the analysis of transformer fault gases .	Past
Mobile DGA units can be transported and used on site as well ; some units can be directly connected to a transformer .	Past
Large power transformers are filled with oil that cools and insulates the transformer windings .	Past
By analyzing the volume , types , proportions , and rate of production of dissolved gases , much diagnostic information can be gathered .	Past
Detection of gas concentrations usually involves the use of a flame ionization detector ( FID ) and a thermal conductivity detector ( TCD ) .	Pres
These gases are isolated using a mercury piston to measure its volume at atmospheric pressure and subsequent transfer to a gas chromatograph using a gas-tight syringe .	Past
Head space extraction is explained in ASTM D 3612-C .	Past
Once the gases have been extracted they are then sent to the gas chromatograph .	Past
The gases extracted from the sample oil are injected into a gas chromatograph where the columns separate gases .	Past
The gases are injected into the chromatograph and transported through a column .	Past
The separated gases are detected by thermal conductivity detector for atmospheric gases , by flame ionization detector for hydrocarbons and oxides of carbon .	Past
Thermal faults are detected by the presence of by-products of solid insulation decomposition .	Past
When an electrical fault occurs it releases energy which breaks the chemical bonds of the insulating fluid .	Pres
Once the bonds are broken these elements quickly reform the fault gases .	Pres
Thus in 1484 — the year of the incorporation of the College of Arms — Machado was importing wine from Spain .	Pres
Machado wished to concentrate on his trading activities and diplomatic missions rather than on his heraldic duties .	Past
Machado also handed over to Thomas Writhe , the new Garter , many of the duties of Clarenceux .	Past
In spite of his long heraldic career , Machado is best remembered as an accomplished diplomat .	Past
It is contested by 14 clubs who play each other on a home and away basis .	Past
The team finishing at the top at the end of the season is crowned the champion and enters the AFC Champions League .	Past
League officials scrambled to resolve the issues , going as far as hiring foreign referees for the 2012 season .	Past
Since the 2000 – 2001 season , the V.League 1 has been branded with a principal sponsor 's name and logo .	Past
The following companies have acted as principal sponsors :	Past
Matches where the club was involved were vacated .	Pres
Relegation was cancelled for the 2013 campaign after Xuân Thành Sài Gòn withdrew from the V.League 1 before the conclusion of the season .	Past
Superscripts in brackets ( such as ) indicate a repeat win .	Pres
" I 'm Goin ' Down " features an energetic rhythm , propelled by a heavy drumbeat by Weinberg , and contains a saxophone solo by Clemons .	Pres
" I 'm Goin ' Down " has generally been well received by critics .	Pres
A 17th-century work by Jón Guðmundsson specifically lists whales recognized today as the sperm whale , narwhal , right whale , fin whale and the blue whale .	Pres
Narwhals were hunted for the spiral shaped ivory tooth , sometimes presented as a mythical unicorn 's horn .	Past
Spear-drift whaling had been practised in the North Atlantic as early as the 12th century .	Past
Icelanders circumvented the burdensome trade monopoly of the Danish King by conducting illicit trade with foreign whalers .	Past
In what has been termed Spánverjavígin , a crew of 32 shipwrecked and stranded Basque were executed by Icelanders in 1615 .	Past
Jón Guðmundsson condemned the local sheriff for this decision in his account of the event .	Past
Since 2005 , historian Magnús Rafnsson and archaeologist Ragnar Edvardsson have been excavating the remains of a 17th-century Basque whaling station in the northwest of Iceland .	Pres
Blue and fin whales were primarily hunted , but humpback and sei whales were also included .	Past
Some welcomed the added earnings from taxes , duties and levies .	Past
Others complained that whaling ruined their herring fishery .	Past
As a result , in 1886 a May to October ban was enacted on whaling in herring fishing areas and Icelandic territorial waters .	Past
Later in 1913 , a total ban on whaling was enacted , to start October 1 , 1915 .	Past
The ban was imposed in order to preserve whale stocks for Icelandic interests due to a perceived Norwegian threat .	Past
However , Iceland objected and continued to hunt blues until 1960 .	Past
The US Air Force responded with machine guns , rockets and depth charges to drive out the orcas .	Past
The research would be funded through the sale of whale meat to Japan .	Past
However , the proposal was denied by the IWC scientific committee in 1986 .	Past
In an open letter to the government , Icelandic biologists condemned the program .	Past
Despite IWC resolutions that required member states to use the meat domestically , Iceland exported up to 77 % to Japan .	Past
Opposition outside of Iceland mounted a formidable front against Iceland 's whaling industry through direct interference , protest , economic and diplomatic pressure .	Past
The action was repeated in Finland in 1988 and claimed 197 tons .	Past
In each case the shipments were confiscated by local authorities in accordance with CITES ( Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ) .	Past
In October 1986 , President Ronald Reagan was booed during the " Superpower Summit " and some lobbied against the American air base at Keflavik .	Past
It was argued that the U.S. and the IWC had no standing to interfere with Iceland 's sovereignty regarding whale research .	Past
Major buyers , such as supermarket and restaurant chains ( for example , Wendy 's and Long John Silver ) canceled their contracts .	Past
However , another research proposal was submitted in 1990 and later rejected by the IWC Scientific Committee .	Past
In 1991 , Iceland threatened to leave the IWC after its request to take 92 fin and 158 minke whales was denied as premature .	Past
Iceland asserted the vote was illegal and left the meeting .	Past
However , Iceland modified its reservation to specify a time-limit prior to the resumption of any commercial whaling under objection to the moratorium .	Past
Half of the attending nations formally objected to the reservation .	Past
However , environmental groups disputed the figures and asserted that fish stocks had actually been reduced by commercial overfishing .	Past
Britain responded by leading 23 countries in a formal protest against the resumption of Icelandic research whaling .	Past
Iceland had pledged not to resume commercial whaling until 2006 when presumably talks about sustainable whaling would be completed .	Past
Iceland resumed commercial whaling on 21 October 2006 after Icelandic whalers caught a Fin Whale .	Past
The head of the Icelandic minke whaling association was hoping for a quota of around 100 minkes in 2008 .	Pres
Then in April , 15 Greenpeace activists chained themselves to the mooring lines of the container ship " NYK Orion " in Rotterdam .	Past
Hvalur shipped more than 600 tons of Fin whale meat to Japan in the first 9 months of 2010 .	Past
Up to 184 endangered fin whales will be hunted over the northern summer of 2013 .	Past
Others hunt smaller minke whales for domestic consumption .	Pres
The other two boats , " Hvalur 6 " and " Hvalur 7 " were sunk by activists of Sea Shepherd in 1986 while moored .	Past
They are now rusting on dry land in Hvalfjörður fjord , North of Reykjavík .	Pres
When whales are spotted , the catcher ships engage in pursuit .	Pres
A rope is trailed from the harpoon in order to prevent the whale from being lost .	Past
Each caught whale is secured to the side of a harpoon ship with rope and later towed to a shore station located at Hvalfjörður .	Past
The fin whale meat is exported to Japan .	Past
It had been resumed as of July 2013 .	Past
A large percentage of the whale meat is actually eaten by tourists .	Past
Last 2010 , Hurricane Alex burst millions of metric tons of water .	Past
Ore sorting is separating an ore into constituent parts .	Pres
Ores are typically sorted to increase the efficiency of other refining processes , by reducing the amount of material to be processed while simultaneously increasing its purity .	Past
Because there were no clubs to form a league , institutions and districts were contacted to form teams .	Past
After four seasons , the political turbulence in Uganda impacted on the league .	Past
The 2018 – 19 Uganda Super League is being contested by 16 teams .	Past
Later that same year black schools were authorized by the Ohio legislature .	Past
In 1857 he was rehired by the black trustees of the colored schools and made principal of the Western District School in Cincinnati .	Past
In 1882 , he aided county Democrats in organizing a civil rights bill , which passed into law .	Past
Almost 1,300 protesters were detained at the scene .	Past
The detainees were then stacked atop one another in trucks and transported to Inkayut Army Camp in Pattani Province .	Past
Several other killings of Buddhist village leaders and police officials were attributed to revenge for the incident .	Past
As of October 2012 , no charges had been filed against the security officials involved in the deaths .	Past
It connects with the Superior Hiking Trail on its eastern terminus and with the Kekekabic Trail on its western end at the Gunflint Trail ( Cook Cty .	Pres
Gen. Stephen H. Weed commanded the 3rd Brigade .	Past
In 1889 , New York erected a monument to the 140th Infantry on Little Round Top .	Past
The front of the monument bears a relief image of O 'Rorke .	Pres
It converts 24 frames per second into 29.97 frames per second .	Pres
This is accomplished in two steps .	Past
The second step of the 2 : 3 pulldown is distributing cinema frames into video fields .	Pres
The 2-3-2-3 cycle repeats itself completely after four film frames have been exposed .	Past
He was liberated by CBF to sign with São Paulo FC	Past
Exactly one year after his signing , Franco was dismissed by directors of club .	Past
The former manager of " Tricolor " let Brazilian side winning 59 % of points disputed by São Paulo .	Past
In 2013 Ney Franco coached Vitória finishing the Brazilian league Campeonato Brasileiro Série Ain 5th , almost taking the club to Copa Libertadores .	Past
All major roadways could be monitored from watch towers , gates and rest houses .	Past
The greater metropolitan region of the city was inhabited by royalty , imperial officers , soldiers , agriculturists , craftsman , merchants , labourers and others .	Past
These settlements may have been inhabited by a few thousand and others were large enough to hold ten to fifteen thousand residents .	Past
This enabled the capital city to withstand long sieges , many of which did happen during the three century long existence of the empire .	Past
These discoveries indicate dramatic landscape changes .	Pres
Of these five sites have been dated to the Vijayanagara period containing iron smelting workshops .	Past
His second opera , " The Serf " , was staged by Vladimir Rosing at Covent Garden in 1938 .	Past
Many of Lloyd 's shipmates were drowned in the fuel oil , and he was the last man to escape from the compartment .	Past
In 1946 Lloyd resumed composition and wrote two symphonies and the opera " John Socman " , the last commissioned for the 1951 Festival of Britain .	Past
Lloyd 's health deteriorated further , and in 1952 , he took up full-time residence in Dorset .	Past
He consolidated his reputation with " The Serf " at Covent Garden in 1938 , which led to his commission for the Festival of Britain .	Past
Lloyd devoted more time to composition from 1973 onwards , and began to receive greater attention in subsequent years .	Past
Lyrita Records Conifer Records and the American label Albany Records championed Lloyd 's music through recordings .	Past
He acknowledged that he could not have recovered without the care and attention of his Swiss wife Nancy ( née Juvet . )	Past
Lloyd inscribed the score , his last composition , " Written in memory of Diana , Princess of Wales " .	Past
The bottom three finishers in the premier league are relegated to the First Division League for the following season .	Past
The following teams are participating in the 2017 – 18 season of tbe premier league :	Pres
After more than 26 years of service , " Horne " was decommissioned on 4 February 1994 .	Past
Initially scheduled to be scrapped , she was spared the breakers torch and was sunk as a target on 29 June 2008 as part of RIMPAC 2008 .	Past
The car is usually marshalled a few carriages behind the locomotives .	Past
He has volunteered to treat victims of an unchecked cholera epidemic sweeping through the area .	Past
She hopes Townsend will leave his wife Dorothy and marry her .	Pres
When she proposes this possibility to Charles , he declines to accept , despite earlier claiming to love Kitty .	Pres
She is compelled to travel to the mountainous inland region with her husband .	Past
After visiting an orphanage run by a group of French nuns , Kitty volunteers her services , and she is assigned to work in the music room .	Pres
When he sees her with the children , he in turn realizes she is not the shallow , selfish person he thought her to be .	Pres
Walter – in love with Kitty again – assures her it doesn 't matter .	Pres
He contracts the disease and Kitty lovingly nurses him , but he dies , and she is devastated .	Pres
Kitty rejects his overtures and walks away .	Pres
When her son asks who Townsend is , she replies " No one important , darling " .	Pres
The partnership permitted a budget of $ 19 million for " The Painted Veil " .	Past
Screenwriter Ron Nyswaner and Norton collaborated on the screenplay for the film .	Past
The character was also rewritten to make his peace with his wife Kitty , leading to them falling in love with each other .	Past
Norton explained , " I like to think that we didn 't change the book so much as liberate it .	Past
We just imagined it on a slightly bigger scale , and made external some of what is internal in the novel . "	Past
It 's a metaphor for the way empires get crushed . "	Past
Director John Curran commented , " We wanted this movie to be distinctly Chinese .	Past
The film 's post-production schedule was initially slated to conclude in late summer 2006 , but did not finish until November .	Past
According to Laura Kim , the marketing and publicity head of Warner Independent Pictures , the delay slowed award and media recognition for the film .	Past
Other studios were duplicating DVDs of their films for awards organizations , so " The Painted Veil " was unable to get first priority in processing .	Pres
Director John Curran explained about the move to Warner Independent , " Any transition is not going to be ideal .	Past
When the guy who has gotten you on board is gone , you 're kind of exposed . "	Past
The San Diego Film Critics Society honored him for his work in this and " The Illusionist " and " Down in the Valley " .	Past
The mold constant of Chvorinov 's rule , , can be calculated using the following formula :	Past
She is portrayed as a cantankerous but capable woman who cares fiercely for her family .	Past
" ) , and complains about the kind of people living in Luna now .	Pres
She helps her twin grandsons , Castor and Pollux , convince their father to take the family on a tour of the Solar System .	Pres
When she departs Luna , she is honored as one of the founders at a reception held by the mayor .	Past
At the end of the novel , the family departs the asteroid belt to head to Saturn .	Pres
He later sees her and learns that she is Hazel Meade , an orphan living and working at a crèche .	Pres
At the end of the novel , she marries into the Stone family .	Pres
The members of the Helsinki group also traveled throughout the Soviet Union to conduct research on compliance with the Helsinki Final Act .	Past
In addition , the documents and appeals were circulated via samizdat .	Past
In the six years of its existence in the Soviet Union , the Moscow Helsinki Group compiled a total of 195 such reports .	Past
The Commission was formally linked to and constituted as an offshoot of the Moscow Helsinki Group .	Past
The members of the Working Commission were subjected to various terms and types of punishments .	Past
Members of the Moscow Helsinki Group were threatened by the KGB , imprisoned , exiled or forced to emigrate .	Past
The Soviet authorities encouraged other activists to emigrate .	Past
Founding members of the Moscow Helsinki Group emigrated - Mikhail Bernshtam , Alexander Korchak and Vitaly Rubin .	Past
Pyotr Grigorenko was stripped of his Soviet citizenship in November 1977 while seeking medical treatment abroad .	Past
In 1988 , Helsinki Watch evolved into Human Rights Watch .	Past
Opinions differed as to the effectiveness and impact of the revived Moscow Helsinki Group .	Past
It was demolished in 1982 to make way for the Marriott Marquis Hotel .	Past
Sorge was condemned to death in Germany for his role in the revolution .	Past
In 1851 he was expelled by the Swiss and moved to Belgium .	Past
In March 1852 he was expelled from Belgium and moved to London ,	Past
After recovering he boarded a ship for New York , arriving in June 1852 .	Past
since most workers looked to the mainstream political parties to support their goals .	Past
Sorge and Marx corresponded regularly from the 1860s until Marx died in 1883 .	Past
JC has also paired up with Rhian Ramos in " LaLola " and Heart Evangelista in Sine Novela 's " Ngayon at Kailanman " .	Past
JC was paired up with Jackie Rice in the recently concluded fantaserye of GMA Network , " Panday Kids " .	Past
He was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 2003 .	Past
After a brief stay in Monte Carlo , they traveled to England where they boarded the .	Past
When the rescue ship arrived at the scene , he and Edmond were hoisted to its deck in burlap sacks .	Past
She sailed to New York City and was reunited with them on 16 May 1912 .	Past
Michel later recalled his memory of the Titanic :	Past
In 1987 , Michel traveled to Wilmington , Delaware to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking .	Past
Located in the southern part of the county , it borders the following townships and city :	Past
Organized in 1816 , it is one of six Orange Townships statewide .	Past
Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees .	Past
In the early 1990s , Williams relocated to the Boston area .	Past
During this period , Williams engineered and produced a variety of artists and projects ranging from EDM to video games and film .	Past
It was instituted by Royal Warrant on 20 September 1999 as part of the move to replace British bravery awards with an indigenous New Zealand Bravery system .	Past
Holt sends his wife Consuela and daughter Nancy to live in his father-in-law ’ s ranch in Mexico where they would be safe .	Pres
Soon after Consuela returns , Holt enlists the aid of the " Press-Examiner " newspaper to make his accusations public .	Pres
This stirs things up in the city and Adair and Gould wash their hands of it .	Pres
The plan backfires when Farnum commits suicide and the " Press-Examiner " is forced to drop Holt ’ s story .	Pres
Holt is later suspended but his problems worsen when Consuela is lured to a motel , drugged and framed for possession of illegal narcotics .	Past
Desperate , Holt asks his friend Van Dusen to provide him with a wireless transmitter .	Pres
The guilt-ridden Quinlan agrees to Holt ’ s plan to force a confession out of McCoy .	Pres
To that end , Quinlan is wired and he drives Holt to McCoy ’ s residence .	Past
There , McCoy gleefully confesses his crimes to Quinlan while Holt secretly tapes their conversation in Quinlan ’ s car .	Pres
McCoy is exposed and he later commits suicide .	Past
Wriothesley was licensed to carry out heraldic visitations , though no such visitation record has survived .	Past
He later campaigned unsuccessfully for a seat on North York 's Board of Control .	Past
He advocated reforming the city 's tenancy laws , calling for the legalization of apartments in single-family dwellings .	Past
He argued that the city was experiencing rapid growth , and that several illegal apartments had already sprung up .	Past
The city 's solicitor requested that Davidson resign in late August .	Past
Davidson subsequently sued the city , arguing that he suffered mental distress by not being given reasonable notice of his firing .	Past
Davidson campaigned for the North York Board of Control in the 1985 municipal election .	Past
He reiterated his call for new facilities to be developed in North York , rather than in downtown Toronto .	Past
Davidson 's candidacy was criticized in the local media .	Past
His wrongful dismissal suit was dismissed before it went to trial , in June 1986 .	Past
Davidson reapplied to become a city developer in 1989 .	Past
His supporters , including Irving Chipley , argued that he had " served in purgatory long enough " .	Past
Mel Lastman argued that council should not even consider Davidson 's application .	Past
Huling planted an apple orchard on what was to become known as Montgomery Island .	Past
Hurricane Agnes wiped out the newly created Milton State Park in 1972 .	Past
The island and much of Pennsylvania in the Susquehanna River watershed was flooded extensively by the hurricane .	Past
The park was eventually rebuilt with federal disaster relief funds .	Past
Montgomery Island is stopping point for those navigating the river in canoes and kayaks .	Pres
Ryan was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 2000 .	Past
Keir Hardie convinced the meeting to also campaign for the payment of MPs and councillors .	Past
Some of the candidates were also sponsored by the Scottish Socialist Federation .	Past
The party organised a further conference after the election , presided over by Cunninghame-Graham .	Past
It sponsored two candidates for local elections in Glasgow .	Past
Later , he commanded the Coast Guard ’ s key Alaska industrial and operational facility in Ketchikan , Alaska .	Past
The Gregorian equivalent in a given year can be looked up on any number of published calendars that are freely available for download on the Web .	Past
It was instituted by Royal Warrant on 20 September 1999 as part of the move to replace British bravery awards with an indigenous New Zealand Bravery system .	Past
It was however permitted within large timber structures as protection from predatory marine life and away from public view .	Past
An 1856 select committee of the Legislative Council of Victoria recommended the establishment of a Sea Bathing Company at St Kilda of two bathing houses .	Past
By the mid 1920s , increasing numbers of people were bathing in the open sea .	Pres
The 1931 lease expired in 1953 .	Past
The concrete women ’ s section was repaired .	Past
In 1981 , the Sea Baths ’ concrete wings were demolished .	Past
This design incorporates a reconstruction of the twin-domed Moorish-style section , and a plainer section adjacent occupying the footprint of the former baths .	Pres
The complex is leased to an operator , who sub-let various ancillary functions .	Past
Randolph was inducted into the USC Sports Hall of fame in 2005 .	Past
CUT = missed the halfway cut < br >	Past
" T " indicates a tie for a place .	Pres
It was recently reconstructed and listed on the Victorian Heritage Register after burning down .	Past
The reading exceeded the enterococci investigation trigger of 500 orgs / 100 mL on 28 December 2009 .	Past
This was short-lived , with bacterial levels returning below the investigation trigger the next day .	Past
A large number of sporting tournaments and cultural events are staged on the beach or on the parklands adjoining the beach .	Past
It was permitted within large timber structures as protection from predatory marine life .	Past
The bye-law was first challenged by the Open Sea Bathers ' League whose members entered the water in 1912 , without being arrested .	Past
Open-sea bathing was legalised in 1917 , with separate areas allocated for men and women and mixed bathing being prohibited .	Past
The prohibition to Sunday bathing was not revoked until 1922 .	Past
" Mixed bathing " was legalised in 1927 .	Past
By 1928 men and women were mingling freely in the water of St Kilda Beach .	Pres
In 1938 , " mixed bathing " in the St Kilda Sea Baths was restricted to weekends and only in the ladies ' section .	Past
He commanded Group San Francisco during the 9 / 11 national crisis .	Past
He is also authorized to wear the Cutterman 's Insignia .	Past
After seeing success in the 2002 season along with the teams ’ new ownership , the outlook for 2003 looked bright .	Past
His paternal grandfather was Founding Father , Massachusetts Governor and U.S. Vice President Elbridge Gerry ( 1744 – 1814 ) .	Pres
In 1879 , he inherited $ 500,000 after the death of his mother 's brother , Peter Goelet ( 1800 – 1879 ) .	Past
Some criticized their activities as interfering with family life , or for imposing aristocratic white Protestant values upon immigrants , many of whom were Catholic or black .	Past
He was entombed in the churchyard of St. James Church in Hyde Park , New York .	Past
At his death , Gerry was reputed to be worth $ 26 million , primarily in landholdings , making him one of the city 's wealthiest men .	Past
After his death , the family mansions in Manhattan were soon demolished , to make way for the Pierre Hotel .	Past
The name originated in Iran , Iran .	Past
In Japan , machine-wrapped , plastic coin rolls are circulated almost exclusively , as handmade coin rolls are rare .	Past
When depositing or changing , the bags are weighed at the bank to check they contain the right number .	Past
Full rolls are also requested by vendors to make change .	Past
One kind is distinguished by color , while the other is adorned with a light blue background with the Flag of the Bahamas .	Past
Trappist monk Boris Androvski ( Charles Boyer ) feels enormous pressure at having to keep his vows as a monk , so he flees his monastery .	Pres
The film is watched by Cyndi Lauper in the beginning of her music video for " Time after Time . "	Past
Between 1984 and 1986 he was visiting assistant professor of biology at the North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University .	Pres
Louverture 's forces resisted the attack strongly , but had to retreat across the Petite-Rivière after suffering 800 deaths .	Past
This station is licensed in Fort Worth , Texas and is owned and operated by SIGA Broadcasting Corporation .	Past
In 1986 , KAAM has picked up their previous format so that KFJZ could switch to Spanish music and was branded " Super Tejano 870 " .	Past
Two years later , AM 870 switched to a Catholic-religion format under the Spanish language .	Past
In the beginning of October 2016 , KFJZ flipped formats to Financial News / Talk programming via the Biz Talk Radio network .	Past
An Armenian name comprises a given name and a surname .	Pres
While the -եան suffix already existed in the Classical Armenian period ( e.g .	Past
Արտաշեսեան Artashesian , Մամիկոնեան Mamikonian ) , other suffixes , now rarer , also existed .	Past
If someone possesses a surname containing " Der " or " Ter " it usually signifies that this person has a patrilineal ancestor who was a priest .	Pres
Depth charts also tend to resemble the actual position locations of certain players .	Pres
It is particularly clustered in southern Scotland .	Past
The " Mac A Brehon " clan of County Donegal have anglicized as Brown or Browne since about 1800 .	Past
Elk Ridge later shortened its name to Elkridge , and the railroad did likewise , becoming the Annapolis & Elkridge Railroad .	Past
Troops were subsequently shipped by ferry to Annapolis , where they attempted to use the railroad to reach Washington via Annapolis Junction .	Past
The tracks and engine were soon repaired by troops under the command of General Benjamin Franklin Butler .	Past
In 1884 the railroad 's private stockholders sued to force the sale of the railroad to recover part of their investment .	Past
It is licensed in University Park , Texas , United States , and is owned and operated by the Salem Media Group .	Past
It is contested by 18 clubs and operates on a promotion and relegation system with the Kenyan National Super League .	Past
It is affiliated to Football Kenya Federation , which is also a shareholder and voting member of the KPL Board of directors .	Past
The trophy was manufactured in Italy , weighs and is made of brass .	Past
At the end of each season , the club with the most points is crowned champion .	Past
The two lowest placed teams are relegated to the National Super League , with its top two teams promoted in their place .	Past
In 2018 the league switched from a Feb / Nov calendar to an August to May competition to bring it in line with other countries .	Past
People with CAD were subdivided into treatment with CABG , OPCAB and non-surgical medical management .	Past
This finding suggests that late cognitive decline after coronary artery bypass grafting previously reported by Newman et al .	Pres
Physicians have theorized that the syndrome is caused by tiny debris and air bubbles ( microemboli ) that enter the brain via cardiopulmonary bypass .	Past
Maytag Toy racers manufactured beginning in October 1937 used the Model 72 , twin cylinder , Maytag Multi-motor .	Past
Under the tenure of John Byrne , this iteration was retconned to be the first in continuity appearance of the team .	Past
In September 2011 , The New 52 rebooted DC 's continuity .	Past
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 categorized it as a " general aviation " facility .	Past
From the 1920s , the area witnessed a substantial influx of people moving there from Algeria ( then a part of France ) .	Past
The Algerian population stabilised in the 1950s , while population from other European and African countries increased .	Past
This verse and others throughout Johannine literature connect the Christian understanding of Jesus to the philosophical idea of the Logos and the Hebrew Wisdom literature .	Past
John 1 : 1 opens the larger section sometimes described as the " Prologue to John " ( ) .	Pres
The Prologue deals with Jesus , the " Word made flesh " who " dwelt among us " ( ) .	Pres
He adds the article to the Logos , but to the name of God he adds it sometimes only .	Pres
Moreover , " the Word was God " suggests that " the Word " and " God " are convertible terms , that the proposition is reciprocating .	Pres
Some scholars oppose the translation " ... a god " , while other scholars believe it is possible or even preferable .	Pres
It has been pointed out that Colwell 's rule has been misapplied as its converse , as though it implied definiteness .	Past
It has varied use in the fields of philosophy , analytical psychology , rhetoric and religion .	Past
In 1 : 1 , John identifies Jesus as the " Logos " , that which made the existence of the created world possible .	Pres
Fausto Sozzini aimed to " completely de-Platonize " the reading of John 1 : 1-15 .	Past
In each of the Army parks , the War Department was compelled to erect basic facilities for its own use .	Past
Building forms responded to their sites , landscaping becoming an integral part of the design .	Past
In 1903 , the Sierra Club erected LeConte Memorial Lodge in Yosemite Valley .	Past
Designed to serve as the Club 's summer headquarters , it contained a library and a club information center .	Past
Actually , the architect had experimented with a new construction technique so that the battered stone walls had concrete cores .	Past
The exterior of the log frame structure was sheathed with shingles , and the building was heavily articulated with logwork piers and corners .	Past
Willson donated his expertise in order to promote the National Park Service rustic style .	Past
At the Nisqually entrance , massive entrance gates mark the entry to the park .	Pres
Judged by such standards Hopi House was successful ; it served as a handsome marketing facility .	Past
Hopi House symbolized the partnership between commercialism and romanticism that typified so much of Fred Harvey architecture .	Past
About 1914 the Fred Harvey Company initiated a major expansion of its Grand Canyon facilities .	Past
Constructed of native stones and massive logs , the building seemed to have grown in its setting , and was carefully screened by vegetation .	Past
Designed by noted architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood , the massive , rustic-style lodge was built of timber , logs , and native limestone .	Past
Used on both exterior and interior , the logs brought nature inside for the pleasure and comfort of the guests .	Past
The chalet camps scattered throughout the park were log or stone structures , built " on the Swiss style of architecture . "	Pres
Most were log cabin complexes while others , notably Sperry Chalet and Granite Park Chalet , were stone buildings .	Pres
Spaced within easy travelling distance of each other , the chalets were located in the most scenic portions of the park .	Past
The upper stories were shingled .	Past
The roof , interrupted by rows of dormer windows , had clipped gables at the ends .	Past
They are sponsored by Air India and have enjoyed some success in the Mumbai Football League .	Past
The pavements and public space were redeveloped at that time losing some of the 1930s character .	Past
Scotland exited after the group stage , effectively ending Mudie 's international career with 17 caps and nine goals to his name .	Past
The champion and runner-up teams of the league 's tournaments qualify to participate in the CONCACAF Champions League from the first round of the CFU Club Championship .	Pres
However the financial details are not disclosed .	Past
The refers to the harem of Edo Castle , the section where the women connected to the reigning " shōgun " resided .	Past
In 1981 he was beaten for the first time in Europe ( by Keith Fielding ) and would never again compete in Superstars .	Past
She was scuttled in the final days of the war , and broken up for scrap in 1948 – 1949 .	Past
She displaced at full combat load .	Past
The engines were powered by eight coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers .	Past
They were supplied with 1,500 rounds of ammunition , for 150 shells per gun .	Past
She was also equipped with two torpedo tubes with five torpedoes .	Past
They were submerged in the hull on the broadside .	Past
In 1909 , " Arcona " cruised the Pacific coast on the United States , including a stop in Honolulu .	Past
While there , on 10 December , she assisted the British merchant ship " Celtic Chief " , which had run aground on a reef outside Honolulu .	Past
She was modernized in the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven in 1911 – 1912 .	Past
After returning to duty in 1913 , the ship was withdrawn from front-line service for use as a mine warfare test ship .	Past
The two guns removed in 1912 were reinstalled in 1914 .	Past
In closing days of the war in Europe , her crew scuttled the ship to prevent her from being captured , on 3 May 1945 .	Past
The hospital admits over 7,000 inpatient and 170,000 outpatient visits each year .	Pres
It was evacuated on September 1 , 2005 when the hospital lost water pressure from the city .	Past
It was fully reopened over a month later on October 10 , 2005 .	Past
He is entombed in the Great Mausoleum , Sanctuary of Love , at Forest Lawn Cemetery , Glendale .	Past
The book " Solutions , Minerals , and Equilibria " co-authored in 1965 by Garrels and Charles L. Christ revolutionized aqueous geochemistry .	Past
He enjoyed travel and wine .	Past
This concerned the BLAG model , named for the collaborators including Tony Lasaga and Robert Berner .	Past
Most models were also equipped with a limited slip differential and a heavy-duty steering gearbox .	Past
American Motors experimented with electric vehicles and starting in 1974 mass-produced the DJ-5E , a rear-wheel drive electric delivery van , also known as the Electruck .	Past
Ruder demonstrated a grid of nine squares as the basis for different sizes of image .	Past
Also stressed was the combination of typography and photography as a means of visual communication .	Past
By the mid-1960s their courses were maintaining lengthy waiting lists .	Pres
From 1946 , Emil Ruder slowly emerged in " Typografische Monatsblätter " as an exponent of Modernism .	Past
In total , she accumulated over 80 gold , silver , and bronze medals during her competitive career .	Past
Also in 2008 , Bleu regained the rights to " A Watched Pot " .	Past
Rational Rose XDE , an " eXtended Development Environment " for software developers , integrates with Microsoft Visual Studio .NET and Rational Application Developer .	Pres
With the Rational June 2006 Product Release , IBM withdrew the “ XDE ” family of products and introduced the Rational Rose family of products as replacements .	Past
It simplifies the complex process of software design , creating a " blueprint " for construction of software systems .	Pres
The UML part was superseded by Rational Software Architect around 2006 , with Rational Rose becoming a legacy product .	Past
, the ER modelling part ( Rational Rose Data Modeler ) has been superseded by another IBM product — Rational Data Architect .	Past
He campaigned in numerous municipal elections , and was an independent candidate in the 1967 provincial campaign .	Past
His work was profiled in a 1985 " Toronto Star " feature .	Past
Seventy-seven years old in 1991 , he centred his campaign on improved health care and the prevention of child and senior abuse .	Past
Established in its current location in 1591 , the origin of the temple goes back to the 14th century .	Past
Rennyo fled to Yoshizaki-gobō , where he established a new temple compound .	Past
It measures 62 by 48 metres , with a height on 29 metres .	Pres
A wooden image of Shinran is enshrined in the central altar , with portraits of the successive head priests ( " monshu " ) on display alongside .	Past
The arches comprise 122 hollow box segments precast in nearby Franklin , each of which was about long and weighed between .	Pres
Rather than being evenly distributed along the arch 's length , the weight of the bridge is concentrated at the crown of the arch .	Past
Suicide prevention signs were posted in 2011 but the deaths continue as the bridge ’ s low railings do not deter jumpers .	Past
It focuses on a group of young professionals in London that work for an Internet startup company called " seethru " during the dot com boom .	Pres
The show was criticised by the Broadcasting Standards Commission for including excessive sexual content immediately after the watershed .	Past
During May 1871 , Campbell sponsored the first organization of cattlemen in the territory and became the president of this Wyoming Stock Grazier 's Association .	Past
They co-founded the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) in 1890 .	Past
He also directs the fight of self-defense in Baku .	Pres
After a disastrous result , he fled to Iran with thousands of Armenians .	Past
Manning was interred at the Trinity Episcopal churchyard in Columbia .	Past
Established in 1983 , the town like nearby Middlemount and Dysart , is a service centre for local coal mines .	Past
He was ridden in to his biggest victories by Mick Fitzgerald and Andrew Thornton .	Past
He reappeared nearly a year later as a novice chaser .	Past
The joint favourities One Man and Suny Bay disappointed and coming to the last fence he was challenged by Challenger du Luc .	Past
Double Thriller faded and then so did favourite Florida Pearl .	Past
The next year it looked like time would be called on See More Business ' impressive career .	Past
He bounced back with a convincing win in the Jim Ford but it was a weak field .	Past
Still he lined up in that year 's Cheltenham Gold Cup .	Past
Sadly , he couldn 't repeat the trick at Aintree and was well-beaten in the Martell Cup Chase .	Pres
This school has been indicted for failing to meet No Child Left Behind benchmarks , particularly in reading .	Past
The social use of Welsh is also highly encouraged , in order to ensure the pupils ' fluency in the language .	Past
Ysgol Glantaf presents VIth form students for the Welsh Baccalaureate examination .	Pres
UPEB 's proposal of an export tax was undermined by the U.S. oligopoly bribing Honduran and Italian officials .	Past
The UPEB cartel collapsed when bribes became public .	Past
What is referred to as the Bananagate scandal paved the way for the U.S. Congress to create the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act .	Past
Banana prices had gone up little in 20 years .	Past
The companies protested and threatened to withdraw their operations .	Past
Standard Fruit threatened the new President , Daniel Oduber that if there were any more threats , the company would pull out of Costa Rica .	Past
Honduras had supplied more than 22 % of United Brands Company exports in 1974 .	Past
When the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) investigated Black 's suicide , it uncovered a scandal that was named " Bananagate " .	Past
This reduction saved United Brands Company about $ 7.5 million in tax payments .	Past
Modern critics disagree as to the exact definition of the concept musical .	Pres
Critics agree that the most defining aspect of a concept musical is its use of theme .	Pres
Following " Lady in the Dark " and throughout the course of his career , Weill favored ideas over a linear narrative .	Past
Disheartened , Rodgers and Hammerstein returned to a more traditional format .	Past
Freed from his usual partnership with Loewe , Lerner 's growing experimentation with the genre is represented in " Love Life " .	Past
Their fragmented approach to storytelling helped to revitalize musical theatre as a genre , which was becoming formulaic .	Past
Directed by Harold Prince , the show centers on the Kit Kat Klub , a seedy nightclub that thrives despite the war raging outside .	Past
It examines his romantic and personal relationships with several girlfriends and a variety of his married friends .	Pres
The success of " Company " paved the way for more adventurous concept musicals by Sondheim and others .	Past
Thus , the concept musical branched out into the megamusical , which utilizes spectacle and increased technology to " radicalize the imagistic potential of musical theatre . "	Past
Like " Cats " , the show focuses on a central theme rather than a linear plot , with the entire cast on roller skates playing trains .	Pres
The show 's theme , like " Pippin " , focuses on the central character 's coming of age search for his purpose .	Pres
Sondheim believes that every show , concept musical or not , should contain " a secret metaphor that nobody knows except the authors . "	Pres
A number of critics have argued that " Follies " can be taken for a commentary on America under the Nixon presidency .	Past
The show , shifting back and forth chronologically , explores the motives and efforts of the successful and would-be assassins of various United States presidents .	Pres
One is not supposed to enjoy both " Cats " and " Company " . "	Past
Siropoulos also argues that Prince , over any of his peers , is the true link between the concept musical and megamusical .	Pres
Fuchu usurped the throne in 227 BC after he murdered his younger half-brother King Ai of Chu .	Past
Known as " The Chief , " Wilson Carlile has inspired generations of evangelists .	Past
He figured out some pleasing chords and persuaded his mother to help him learn more .	Past
He touched my heart , and old desires and hopes left it .	Past
Although upon his physical recovery his father took him into his own firm , Carlile ’ s real interest now lay in religious work .	Past
Such work had already begun in a few other areas of England .	Past
He ministered at St Mary-at-Hill in the City of London , in the late 19th / early 20th century	Past
Carlile is honoured with a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church ( USA ) on 26 September .	Past
The pilots at the " Casa de Contratación " then plotted this information on their maps .	Past
This feat surpassed anything done by other European powers at that time .	Past
After his father 's death , Chamusso 's mother remarried and bore another daughter .	Past
He fled to Mozambique where he joined Umkhonto we Sizwe , the militant arm of the ANC .	Past
They discuss a list of severe warning signs that psychotherapy patients should pay attention to , regardless of the psychotherapist 's credentials or reputation .	Pres
They discuss these in detail and quantify them into ten classic behaviour patterns .	Pres
" Or if he ’ s answering your questions with a lot of jargon you don ’ t understand , insist on straightforward explanations .	Pres
Or if he ’ s telling you that its tried and true , do some independent research and find out what the critics are saying ” .	Pres
With destroyer , she plied the waters off North Vietnam until relieved on 5 August .	Past
When " Sterett " was relieved by on 10 March , the turnover was shadowed by a Soviet PCE , hull number 857 .	Past
The boat , later identified as " BT 22210 " , was adrift with its engine inoperative and making frantic visual signals for assistance .	Past
Having rendered all appropriate assistance , " Sterett " proceeded through the Taiwan Straits to the Tonkin Gulf .	Past
On 7 January 1972 , " Sterett " traveled on her second tour of duty off the Vietnamese coast .	Past
" Sterett " was reclassified as a guided missile cruiser CG-31 on 30 June 1975 .	Past
On 30 June 1975 , " Sterett " was reclassified as a guided missile cruiser — CG-31 .	Past
In October of that year " Sterett " was deployed to the Western Pacific serving in the South China Sea and the Gulf of Tonkin .	Past
In March 1977 , following embarkation of Helicopter Anti-submarine Light Squadron ( HSL-33 ) , " Sterett " departed San Diego for Yokosuka , Japan .	Past
Following visits to the Philippines , Indonesia and the Australia , the warship was dispatched to Iran for operations with the Imperial Iranian Navy .	Past
" Sterett " underwent a long maintenance availability from January through March 1978 followed by refresher training ( REFTRA ) .	Past
From May 1978 to June Midshipmen embarked on " Sterett " for annual training .	Past
In July , the vessel traveled up the west coast to Portland during the Rose Festival and Seattle for the SeaFair celebration .	Past
In September 1978 , " Sterett " departed San Diego for operations in the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean .	Past
On 7 December , the destroyer leader was dispatched to the Gulf of Oman .	Past
" Sterett " was stationed off the coast of Iran during the Iranian Revolution .	Past
In April 1979 , " Sterett " departed Subic Bay en route to San Diego .	Past
On July 20 1983 Sterett rescued 264 Vietnamese boat people in Thailand bay .	Past
They were eventually evacuated by the Air Force .	Past
After 27 years of service , " Sterett " was decommissioned on 24 March 1994 .	Past
She was struck from the register the same day to be scrapped .	Past
29 July 2005 , International Shipbreaking Limited of Brownsville , Texas was contracted to dismantle and recycle ex- " Sterett " .	Past
Jana soon bonded with Kevin and they began dating .	Past
Jana disappeared then , and Kevin suspected that Adrian Korbel was responsible for that and the murder of Newman Enterprises executive Carmen Mesta .	Past
Jana disappeared , and the Grugeon Reliquary was turned over to foreign officials .	Past
Kevin and Colleen escaped with their lives .	Past
After investigating the situation , Kevin forgave Jana for her actions and fell back in love with her .	Past
Kevin saved her life and let Ryder escape when he learned how kindly he treated Jana .	Past
However , she collapsed and was rushed to the hospital where she suffered an aneurysm .	Past
She remembered events and people she knew , but she seemingly lost all sense of feeling and emotion .	Past
She even let Daisy , who was in labor , escape .	Past
She kidnapped both Delia and Lucy , and took Kevin hostage .	Past
Kevin knocked the gun out of her hand , causing Jana and Chloe to struggle .	Past
Although initially Kevin and Chloe are suspected of murdering Jana , autopsy results prove that Jana died of natural causes .	Pres
The highway intersects with SH 71 on the outskirts of La Grange .	Pres
However , as time goes by , the young generations tend to work in factory or move to bigger towns .	Pres
In early 2006 , the village has been struck by a gigantic storm .	Past
Roosevelt wished to continue at Allenswood , but in 1902 was summoned home by her grandmother to make her social debut .	Past
At this performance they danced three kinds of dance : the Peace , War and Victory dances .	Past
In it , Father mentions that representatives of the Illiniwek nation gave their allegiance to the French .	Pres
He further mentions that Chicagou was at the head of the Mitchigamea and that Mamantouensa was at the head of the Kaskaskia .	Pres
The project was initiated by an onstage cover of ELO 's " Telephone Line " by Bleu and Mike Viola .	Past
He was holidaying in the town and heard they needed a male juvenile .	Pres
The announced closure of Dungavel in September 2016 was rescinded in February 2017 , with a planned replacement cancelled and Dungavel to remain open .	Past
The British media is also blamed for failing to cover hunger strikes in the detention centre in 2015 .	Past
It travels to the east-northeast , along the southern edge of Smoke Rise .	Pres
Almost immediately , it crosses over Sibleyville Creek .	Pres
It curves to the northeast and crosses over Coaldale Creek .	Pres
It curves back to the northeast and passes Hayden Primary and Hayden Elementary schools .	Pres
Just after crossing over Merrill Branch , it enters Hayden .	Pres
It travels under a railroad bridge that carries railroad tracks of CSX .	Pres
It then crosses over Neeley Creek .	Pres
Upon crossing Pannel Creek , it curves to the northeast and intersects the southern terminus of Blount CR 9 .	Pres
It then crosses over Sugar Creek before entering Sugar Creek .	Pres
There , it intersects the western terminus of Blount CR 45 and the northern terminus of Brand Road .	Pres
It intersects the eastern terminus of Blount CR 45 , which forms a loop off of SR 160 .	Pres
It curves back to the northeast and passes Nectar Cemetery .	Pres
It crosses over Henderson Creek just before passing the Nectar Town Hall .	Pres
It then curves to the east and enters Cleveland .	Pres
Until the late 1990s , the path of SR 160 between Hayden and Cleveland traveled through a largely rural area of the county .	Past
As urban sprawl from Birmingham has begun to spread into Blount County , numerous new subdivisions have begun to develop along the highway .	Past
Many Shin scholars feel that Kiyozawa 's viewpoints are comparable to the religious existentialism of Europe .	Pres
Accordingly , many of his disciples were branded heretics .	Past
Unlike the Mahāyāna sutras , these three works employ a dialogic style where specific problems are addressed , making them concrete .	Pres
Howe sang with a local band called Shy who had one minor hit single in the UK but he quickly quit , seeking a harder rock band .	Past
Howe 's first gig in the USA was with Ted Nugent in 1984 .	Pres
Howe had been sending songs to Atlantic Records in London to try to get a deal .	Pres
With Rodgers gone , the remaining two members partnered with ex-Ted Nugent vocalist Brian Howe as the new lead singer .	Past
Reflecting the musical style of the mid-80s , the album was laden with keyboards , unlike previous Bad Company albums , and was modestly commercially successful .	Past
They toured that year supporting Deep Purple .	Past
For the " Dangerous Age " tour , the band were augmented by Larry Oakes ( keyboards , guitar ) , who had also played with Foreigner .	Past
Howe was rumoured to be leaving the band and ex-Kansas singer Steve Walsh was to take over for the remainder of the tour .	Past
It was re-released with one additional song under the name " Touch " in 2003 on MTM Music and Publishing .	Past
The mini-tour was funded ( and supported ) by the US Forces Iraq / Entertainment Branch .	Past
'Hot Tin Roof ' has already been gaining critical acclaim and garnering airplay on classic rock outlets .	Pres
She toured the state of Texas putting on her cowgirl show and singing with her partner Texas Tommy .	Past
In 1971 she was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame .	Past
The marriage was doomed from the start .	Past
After nine months the marriage was falling apart and they eventually separated several months later .	Pres
Reaction to the characters was generally negative , with show runner , Damon Lindelof , acknowledging the couple are " universally despised " by fans .	Past
Nikki guest stars on the executive 's show and also seduces him , which makes Paulo uncomfortable .	Pres
Paulo murders the executive by poisoning his food , allowing him and Nikki to steal his bag of diamonds , which are worth $ 8 million .	Pres
They lose the diamonds in the plane crash and spend much of their time on the island searching for them .	Pres
To Nikki 's dismay , the death of the venomous spider only attracted more spiders which bite Nikki , so she is also temporarily paralyzed .	Past
Much later , Miles Straume − a psychic who can read people 's thoughts from their time of death − indicates he knows about the diamonds .	Pres
Paulo accompanies her , and he exhibits a constant sarcastic behavior in the Pearl .	Pres
Nikki and Paulo 's original introduction onto the show was deleted for time from the final cut of the episode , " Further Instructions " .	Past
They were supposed to be accidentally found by Claire Littleton in Jack 's tent having sex in the middle of the episode .	Past
Half-French , half-Puerto Rican Kiele Michelle Sanchez portrayed Nikki in six episodes of the third season of " Lost " .	Past
Franco-Armenian relations have existed since the French and the Armenians established contact in the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia In the 1100s .	Past
Unlike the Turkic arrival into the area , the Frankish arrival was interpreted positively by Armenian writers and other intellectuals .	Past
After a heroic 53-day battle of self-defence , the population of Musa Dagh was rescued by the French .	Past
The early years of Ethiopian top division football were dominated for the most part by Mechal ( now Defense Force SC ) .	Past
St. George SC enjoyed some dominance in the late 60s after which the league went through a period of relative parity in the 70s and 80s .	Past
St. George 's attempt at a repeat would be thwarted though as the next season Dedebit F.C .	Past
lifted the trophy for the first time in their history on the last day .	Past
The winner of the Ethiopian Premier League automatically qualifies for the following year 's CAF Champions League .	Pres
However , the Federation was not satisfied with their income distribution statements in the proposals and negotiations stalled .	Past
She has also guest-starred in " Power Rangers Time Force " , " Alias " and " Arrested Development " .	Past
A " Banksia Park " office has never existed .	Past
In 2017 , Sladdin was convicted of the sexual grooming of a fourteen year old girl and sentenced to one year in prison .	Past
In the 1920s , Sigrid Undset resided there for a brief period .	Past
The latter tend to be the earlier printings .	Pres
Kristin 's father Lavrans Björgulfson helps Olav Audunsson journey home when Ingunn is on her deathbed .	Pres
by Undset , Sigrid , 1882 – 1949 ; [ Translated from the Norwegian by Arthur G. Chater ] New York A.A. Knopf , 1958 .	Past
The land was donated to the city of Albany as part of the New Deal , which included a large plan to develop the poverty-ridden city .	Past
This pool has since been filled in , and the Decatur High marching band now uses a practice field that was created over the former swimming area .	Past
6th Avenue ( US 31 ) successfully cuts the park in two , effectively depriving the western portion of much needed attention .	Pres
The trail also intends to allow for a safer crossing of 6th Avenue as it is one of the busiest streets inside the city .	Pres
After graduation , Lewis relocated to Los Angeles in 1998 , where she quit music to become a teacher .	Past
Lewis was interviewed on NPR 's All Things Considered on September 16 , 2007 .	Past
These activities tainted his reputation in the post-war world .	Past
Lefroy responded that Hime 's name would become part of Bermuda 's history , and that the young lieutenant would have a promising career .	Past
Her writings express her love of travel and her love for her native Normandy .	Pres
During his high-scoring innings , Kim Barnett partnered him to a county record second-wicket stand of 417 , a record which stands to this day .	Past
Sittler was drafted by the Philadelphia Flyers in the first round ( 7th overall ) of the 1992 NHL Entry Draft .	Past
A series of major injuries prevented him from ever playing in the National Hockey League and eventually cut his career short at age 25 .	Past
Eventually , the Columbia Yachts brand faded into history .	Past
The name Chamravattom originates from " Sambaravattom " , where there was a saint called Sambaran who used to meditate near the river Nila .	Pres
Business and family issues are also sorted out during these evening meetings .	Past
The Hindu minority of this area keeps their rich traditions by celebrating various festivals in their temples .	Pres
However , the original format is still displayed prominently in several places , including the front of the building , and the title of this article .	Past
Also , Seton LaSalle is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools .	Past
The school competes athletically at the WPIAL " AA " level .	Pres
Seton LaSalle High School has always prided itself on the quality of student newspapers it printed .	Past
In 2008 , the Seton LaSalle student newspaper switched from print circulation to online distribution .	Past
Seton LaSalle 's fall dramas and spring musicals have enjoyed long successes .	Past
At the 2 : 54 pm , radar indicated the first echo-top ; at the same time , lightning was detected .	Past
The damage constituted a significant setback to Buffalo 's	Past
On November 4 , 1896 , Pavy wed the former Ida Veazie of Opelousas .	Past
The Pavys couldn 't get nothing { sic } they wanted from Huey .	Pres
The charge would also have infuriated the former Yvonne Pavy 's husband , Dr. Weiss .	Past
They are interred at the St. Landry Catholic Church Cemetery in Opelousas .	Past
During the Assyrian genocide during and after World War I , more than half of Turkey 's Assyrian population was massacred under the Ottoman Empire .	Past
The term ' genocide ' was coined by Raphael Lemkin , who was directly influenced by the story of this massacre and the Armenian Genocide .	Past
Most of these Assyrians were massacred during the Genocide of 1915 , at the hands of the Ottoman Turks .	Past
The rest endured two winter marches to Urmia in 1915 and to Hamadan in 1918 .	Past
Most Hakkari Assyrians were resettled after 1925 in a cluster of villages in northern Iraq .	Past
He would eventually be exiled to Cyprus .	Past
Finally , the League of Nations drafted a scheme for Assyrian settlement in the Orontes Valley in Syria , known as the Ghab scheme .	Past
The Ghab scheme seemed likely to succeed , until the French decided to relinquish the Syrian mandate .	Past
I am omitting , of course , those in Persia and elsewhere .	Pres
If no real remedy could be found before the end of the British mandate , he warned , emigration from Iraq to other countries would be considered .	Past
Eventually , the forecast of the patriarch fulfilled itself .	Past
Despite the advantage of heavy artillery , the Iraqis were driven back to their military base in Dirabun .	Past
They were driven back to Syria upon the arrival of Iraqi aeroplanes .	Past
This further enraged the Iraqi public against the Assyrians .	Past
While these killings were taking place , nearby Kurdish , Arab and Yazidi tribes were encouraged to loot Assyrian villages .	Past
They were mostly driven by the loss of a large part of their own livestock to drought in the previous years .	Past
More than 60 Assyrian villages were looted .	Past
Some villages were completely burned down and most of them were later inhabited by Kurds .	Past
In his depiction of the massacre , Mar Shimun , mentions that :	Pres
The official Iraqi account that the Assyrian casualties were sustained during a short battle with Kurdish and Arab tribes has been discredited by all historians .	Past
Today , most of these villages are inhabited by Kurds .	Past
Triumphant arches were erected and decorated with melons pierced with daggers , symbolising the heads of murdered Assyrians .	Past
The Iraqi Army later paraded in the streets of Baghdad in celebration of its victories .	Past
Popular support for a compulsory conscription bill rose after the massacres .	Past
Immediately after the massacre and the repression of the alleged Assyrian uprising , the Iraqi government demanded a conscription bill .	Past
They concentrated in the Jazira region and built a number of villages on the banks of the Khabur River .	Past
King Faysal , who recently returned to Iraq from a medical vacation , was very stressed during the crisis .	Past
His health deteriorated even more during the hot summer days in Baghdad .	Past
Official British sources estimate the total number of all Assyrians killed during August 1933 at around 600 , while Assyrian sources put the figure at 3,000 .	Pres
Historians disagree as to who was responsible for ordering the mass killings .	Pres
Stafford blames Arab nationalists , most prominently Rashid Ali al-Gaylani and Bakr Sidqi .	Pres
Husry blamed the Assyrians for starting the crisis and absolved Sidqi from ordering the mass killing in Simele .	Past
He hinted that Faysal was the authority who might have issued orders to exterminate Assyrian males .	Past
The Iraqis were previously encouraged by the British to detain Patriarch Shimun in order to defuse tensions .	Past
A report on the battle of Dirabun blames the Assyrians , defends the actions of the Iraqi Army , and commends Sidqi as a good officer .	Pres
In 2004 , the Syrian government banned an Assyrian political organization from commemorating the event and threatened arrests if any were to break the ban .	Past
The Houston County Flyers sponsors a fly-in breakfast at the airport on the last Sunday in June .	Pres
To get through it all , she writes files on her computer , which acts as a sort of diary .	Pres
Created when Memorial Stadium was built in 1923 , Tightwad Hill was created from the dirt removed during the excavation of lower Strawberry Canyon .	Past
" Semper Fi , Always Faithful " was shortlisted for Academy Award consideration for Best Documentary of 2011 .	Past
Players are no longer locked into animations but are now controlled more by the player .	Past
Certain star players are deemed to have " weapons " which can enhance their performances and create game-changing plays .	Past
However , on the PlayStation 3 version of the game , player positions are locked and cannot be changed .	Past
Camera angles have also been tweaked for the next gen of " Madden 08 " after complaints with its predecessor .	Past
Trophies can also be wagered in online head-to-head contests .	Past
As skill and experience progresses , the user can earn five EA Challenge rings , which have customizable team logos and colors .	Pres
It is commonly sliced and browned in butter or bacon fat prior to consumption .	Past
Tandy currently resides in Los Angeles where she continues her acting career .	Pres
In 2015 , she landed the recurring role of Allison Pierce starting in the second season of the Starz sitcom " Survivor 's Remorse " .	Past
It is not permanently staffed .	Past
Natale campaigned for a seat on the North York City Council in the 1974 municipal election .	Past
Natale was sentenced to a 90-day prison term .	Past
He successfully appealed the sentence , and a new trial was ordered in 1981 .	Past
During this campaign , Natale filed an injunction to prevent Mario Gentile from using the word " re-elect " on his signs .	Past
The judge dismissed the accusation as one of semantics .	Past
Natale was banned from campaigning in the 1994 municipal election , after failing to file reports from his 1991 campaign .	Past
In 1968 , Richard Nixon barely eked out a popular vote victory in the former Confederacy with 35 % of the vote .	Past
The Reagan-Bush ticket was re-elected in a landslide in 1984 .	Past
In 2016 , Bernie Sanders also financed his campaign heavily from small-dollar donations generated online .	Past
The forerunners of " Casa da Índia " arose with the Portuguese exploration of the African coast , to manage new trade opportunities .	Past
The ascension of King John II of Portugal in 1481 revived the royal interest in African trade .	Past
It fixed the prices and checked purchases , sales and payments .	Past
And also fitted the fleets , gathered the necessary military convoys , managed incoming and outgoing vessels and set out the various certificates and licenses .	Past
Royal monopolies were also leased out sometimes by Casa da Índia to private traders for a certain period .	Past
After 1570 , the monopolies were abolished , except for the purchase of spices and the trade in copper and silver .	Past
As the throne became more overextended in the 1550s , it relied more and more on foreign financing .	Past
In 1709 at the Casa da Índia , the Jesuit priest Father Bartolomeu de Gusmão demonstrated the principles of hot air ballooning .	Past
He later fled from Portugal to Spain , for fear of being accused of performing magic by the Inquisition	Past
The Bears eventually clinched a playoff berth on Christmas Day against the Green Bay Packers .	Past
However , in their first playoff game in almost four years , the Carolina Panthers upset the Bears , 29 – 21 .	Pres
Hopeful expectations were crushed as quarterback Rex Grossman 's ankle was broken in the 2nd preseason game against the St. Louis Rams .	Past
Backup quarterback Chad Hutchinson was benched and cut after struggling heavily in the next two preseason games against the Indianapolis Colts and Buffalo Bills .	Past
After the Saints scored on an Aaron Brooks touchdown pass to Donte ' Stallworth , Robbie Gould tied the game on a 35-yard field goal .	Past
Orton eventually threw a 22-yard pass to Muhsin Muhammad to set up a game-winning field goal from Gould with six seconds left in the game .	Past
The Saints ' last chance to march 65 yards to win was crushed when Brooks ' pass to Az-Zahir Hakim was intercepted by Nathan Vasher .	Past
Cornerback Charles Tillman slipped on the play , and it would only signify things to come the rest of the game for the vaunted Bears defense .	Past
The Bears had opted to go for it on 4th down to get the score , cutting the Carolina lead to 13 – 7 .	Past
Located just to the west of the National Capital Commission Greenbelt , it is one of the largest of several communities that surround central Ottawa .	Past
The community of Bells Corners borders the inner side of the Greenbelt .	Pres
Many high-tech companies reside in this area including Xceedium , Nokia , Dell , Mitel , Bridgewater Systems , Solace , AMD , Protecode , and Cisco .	Pres
Most of this area was undeveloped until just recently .	Past
Kanata was amalgamated with the City of Ottawa in 2001 , so no longer has its own mayor .	Past
On 10 February 2014 , Red Flag Software terminated all employment contracts and closed down .	Past
The institute cited Red Flag 's failure to complete a specific project , and general mismanagement , as reasons for not paying the subsidy .	Past
Thus , an edge detection solution to address these requirements can be implemented in a wide range of situations .	Past
( The asterisk denotes a convolution operation . )	Pres
where G can be computed using the hypot function and atan2 is the arctangent function with two arguments .	Past
This is accomplished by selecting high and low threshold values .	Past
If an edge pixel 's value is smaller than the low threshold value , it will be suppressed .	Past
The main defects of the traditional algorithm can be summarized as follows : [ 8 ]	Past
The process to implement this adaptive filter can be summarized in five steps :	Past
Curvelets decompose signals into separate components of different scales , and dropping the components of finer scales can reduce noise [ 12 ] .	Pres
regularized Laplacian zero crossings and other optimal edge integrators for a detailed description .	Past
Caesar struck the coin more often , and standardized the weight at formula _ 1 of a Roman pound ( about 8 grams ) .	Past
At about the same time the purity of the silver coinage was also slightly decreased .	Past
However , Diocletian 's solidus was struck only in small quantities , and thus had only minimal economic effect .	Past
When Fianna Fáil returned to power after a short-lived Fine Gael-Labour Party government in 1982 , O 'Hanlon was once again overlooked for ministerial promotion .	Past
His tenure was short-lived as the government fell a few weeks later and Fianna Fáil were out of power .	Past
McDaid handed back his portfolio that evening and returned to the backbenches .	Past
He warned that , consequently , the party should not take his support in the 30th Dáil for granted .	Past
He is divorced from his first wife Marguerite , with whom he had three sons and a daughter .	Past
He was subsequently convicted of dangerous driving while intoxicated and drunken driving , banned from driving for 2 years and fined € 750 .	Past
The case attracted media attention and McDaid was described as ' a disgrace ' and ' an idiot ' .	Past
He acknowledged that these descriptions were accurate , and stated that he was genuinely sorry for his actions .	Past
The homoerotic overtones of " The Vampire Chronicles " are also well-documented .	Past
I mean , I feel completely open with a new confidence in myself about it .	Pres
In time , soldiers sent by Queen Akasha of Egypt burned their village and captured the two witches .	Past
The shade 's power and bloodlust roused her from death - reborn as the first immortal .	Past
Before they were to be executed , the steward Khayman sired them both out of pity .	Past
While they remained unharmed , young vampires everywhere were destroyed by fire and even mighty elders were badly burned .	Past
Rice 's vampires differ in many ways from their traditional counterparts such as Dracula .	Pres
This lends well to artistic pursuits such as painting , writing , and singing ; all of which are refined by their eidetic memory and heightened beauty .	Pres
Beyond their refined physical features , Rice 's vampires are unique in that their appearance is more statue-like than human .	Past
Additionally , upon being sired , the vampire 's body is essentially frozen in the state in which it died .	Past
Their hair and nails cease to grow ; if they are cut , they will quickly grow back .	Pres
This ensures normal blood circulation and also synchronizes with that of their fledglings while turning them .	Pres
Their senses are heightened and they will heal from any injury short of beheading and even reattach limbs .	Past
The act of feeding is highly sexualized in Rice 's novels .	Past
After their body expires , they resurrect as a newborn immortal .	Pres
Fledglings retain all the memories and mannerisms they had in life , however these usually fade or change over time as they acclimate to their new existence .	Pres
Within Rice 's mythology , vampires possess certain paranormal abilities known as gifts .	Pres
2003 's " Blood Canticle " intertwines the vampire , Blackwood and Mayfair storylines , and was intended by Rice to conclude the series .	Pres
" Prince Lestat " ( 2014 ) rejoins the remaining vampires a decade later as Lestat faces pressure to lead them .	Pres
Rice also explores the origins of vampires far more ancient than the so-called " brat prince " .	Pres
The homoerotic overtones of " The Vampire Chronicles " are also well-documented .	Past
In May 2016 , writer – director Josh Boone posted a photo on Instagram of the cover a script written by him and Jill Killington .	Past
In April 2017 , they teamed up with Paramount Television and Anonymous Content to produce the series .	Past
In photographic film , the size of the grains in the film determines the film 's sensitivity , more sensitive film having larger sized grains .	Pres
Many noise reduction algorithms tend to alter signals to a greater or lesser degree .	Pres
In particular , when recording quiet parts of an audio signal , the frequencies above 1 kHz would be boosted .	Past
When it was played back , the decoder reversed the process , in effect reducing the noise level by up to 10 dB .	Past
The Telefunken High Com integrated circuit " U401BR " could be utilized to work as a mostly Dolby B – compatible compander as well .	Past
In various late-generation High Com tape decks the Dolby-B emulating " D NR Expander " functionality worked not only for playback , but undocumentedly also during recording .	Pres
Today , DNR , DNL , and similar systems are most commonly encountered as a noise reduction system in microphone systems .	Past
Everything below the threshold will be filtered , everything above the threshold , like partials of a voice or " wanted noise " , will be untouched .	Past
For example , the Gaussian mask comprises elements determined by a Gaussian function .	Pres
This convolution brings the value of each pixel into closer harmony with the values of its neighbors .	Pres
By 2001 this had fallen to 7,300 .	Past
Alpha is organised as a series of sessions over 10 weeks , including a day or weekend away .	Past
The talks aim to cover the basic beliefs of the Christian faith .	Pres
The materials are aimed at religious education teachers .	Past
Several relationship-oriented programmes have emerged alongside Alpha which are now separately run by a sister organisation called Relationship Central .	Past
Instead , individual churches are encouraged to provide follow-up courses of their own .	Past
The New International Version of the Bible is quoted in the course materials .	Past
Alpha has been criticised for a charismatic emphasis .	Past
" I happen to believe it therefore leads people into a self-centred religion which is not the same as the genuine Christian discipleship . "	Pres
Additionally , some were conscripted based on data in their SS files .	Past
The League of German Girls acted as a vehicle of indoctrination for many of the women .	Past
Many of them belonged to the Waffen-SS and to the SS-Helferinnen Corps .	Past
She was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1951 .	Past
She was originally sentenced to death by a Soviet court , but it was commuted to a life sentence , and she was released in 1956 .	Past
Many historians argued that she had lied and did not deserve the money .	Past
She had hidden her secret for more than 60 years from her family , friends and Jewish German husband Fred .	Past
Rinkel immigrated to the US in 1959 seeking a better life and had omitted Ravensbrück from the list of residences supplied on her visa application .	Past
In the film adaptation , she is portrayed by Kate Winslet .	Past
Aufseherinnen are also portrayed in roles of varying size and importance in several other films :	Past
The meeting place of the congress , the House of Tucumán , has been reconstructed as a national monument .	Past
By 1930 the city doubled its population .	Past
In the city downtown , the San Miguel de Tucumán Cathedral still preserves some colonial elements and other elements from Italian architecture .	Pres
In 1942 the house was completely rebuilt , based on the original plans and the picture taken by Paganelli in 1869 .	Past
San Miguel de Tucumán enjoys one of the largest bus stations in Argentina .	Pres
April marks the beginning of the fall , but temperatures remain near summer levels : during the day , and during the night .	Pres
They divorced in January 2009 .	Past
The speed limit generally ranges from , with the highest limits on four-lane freeway sections .	Pres
She was executed for war crimes .	Past
She oversaw daily roll calls , assignments for " Aufseherinnen " and punishments such as beatings and floggings .	Pres
For services rendered , Mandl was awarded the War Merit Cross 2nd class .	Past
In May 1945 , Mandl fled from Mühldorf into the mountains of southern Bavaria to her birthplace , Münzkirchen .	Past
Mandl was hanged on 24 January 1948 , aged 36 .	Past
The cunningham differs from a typical downhaul in the way that it attaches to the sail .	Pres
The tension in the luff of the sail is adjusted using a combination of the halyard and the cunningham ( where fitted ) .	Past
The Soviet Union surprised the Canadian team and most of the Canadian hockey media with an opening game victory , 7 – 3 .	Past
The series resumed two weeks later in Moscow .	Past
This preserved a player 's amateur status for Olympic and World Championship eligibility and the players would have a career after their hockey playing days ended .	Past
The IIHF then convened an emergency meeting in January 1970 , and the rule allowing professionals was rescinded .	Past
In response , Canada withdrew from IIHF play .	Past
The Soviets divulged that they were ready to play in a series between its national team and Canadian professionals .	Past
The negotiations for the series were finalized at the Hotel International Prague during the 1972 World Ice Hockey Championships .	Past
The NHL later requested dates in October or November but the idea was abandoned .	Past
The name is attributed to copy writer Terry Hill , whose first choice " The Dream Team " was rejected .	Past
The design of the sweater by designer John Lloyd utilized an enormous stylized maple leaf , like the Canadian flag , that covers the front .	Past
The name , sweater design and a team song were all prepared in 24 hours , in time for a previously scheduled news conference .	Past
The condition had been negotiated between the NHL and Hockey Canada , and the NHL would not relent .	Past
The condition was widely criticized , including by the NHL 's own Harold Ballard , the Toronto Maple Leafs owner and a harsh opponent of the WHA .	Past
Jacques Laperriere withdrew and Guy Lapointe was selected as his replacement .	Past
Team Canada assembled in Toronto and started training camp on August 13 .	Past
The Soviets downplayed themselves , stating that they were in the series to learn .	Past
John Robertson of the " Montreal Star " warned that Team Canada was too poorly prepared and out of shape to win the series .	Past
He conceded that Phil Esposito would " be difficult to move from the front of the net .	Past
I expect there will be some surprises for us when we meet your Canadian stars . "	Pres
He also predicted that Valeri Kharlamov " will stand out , even against your best Canadians .	Past
The Canadian defence was also dropping to the ice to block shots , while the Soviets only skated around the defence to get a good shot .	Pres
He benched Awrey and the Jean Ratelle line , going with three lines .	Past
Former Montreal Canadiens ' coach Claude Ruel commented that the Soviets ' forwards were one of the most finely honed units he had ever seen .	Past
Team Canada responded to their previous defeat with strong play in this game .	Past
In the third period , Yvan Cournoyer wheeled around Alexander Ragulin and beat Tretiak .	Past
Lyapkin pounced on the rebound and fed it out front for Yakushev to bury the puck behind Esposito .	Past
The Soviet coaches blamed the loss on the refereeing .	Past
Bobrov complained that the pair of American referees , Frank Larsen and Steve Dowling , let the Canadians get away with everything .	Past
Petrov stole the puck from Frank Mahovlich and broke away and deked Tony Esposito to score .	Past
On another Canadian power play , Kharlamov was circling behind the Canadian defence and received a pass to put himself on a breakaway .	Pres
Serge Savard missed the game after fracturing his ankle in practice .	Past
Team Canada was booed off the ice at game 's end .	Past
Brad Park and Frank Mahovlich also criticized the booing .	Past
Tretiak frustrated us , but I guess I didn 't frustrate them enough . "	Past
The players marched out to the rink for the game to loud cheers , and accompanied by the song " Cowards Don 't Play Hockey " .	Past
Esposito recovered to laugh at his pratfall , and bowed to the delight of all of the spectators .	Past
Hull flipped a rebound over Tretiak to tie the score after Gilbert had capitalized on a Soviet giveaway .	Past
Savard himself was recovering from a fractured ankle during the series .	Pres
Phil Esposito complained that one goal by the Soviets was directly the result of the referee dropping the puck while he was talking to a teammate .	Past
During game six , Valeri Kharlamov was targeted by Team Canada for attention .	Past
Bergman then stepped in and bumped into Kharlamov and harassed him all the way back to the bench .	Past
Kharlamov skated over to the Canadian bench and yelled at the Canadians , before limping off the ice to the dressing room .	Past
The referees handed Clarke a minor penalty for slashing and an additional 10-minute misconduct penalty .	Past
" I remember that Kharlamov 's ankle was hurting pretty bad .	Pres
I mean , somebody had to do it . "	Pres
Further , he recalled that Kharlamov had used stick work on him , and Clarke 's slash was in retribution for Kharlamov 's actions :	Past
As Henderson shot and scored , Tsygankov tripped Henderson and Henderson did not see his shot go in .	Past
The Soviet coach Bobrov publicly blamed the loss on Tsygankov .	Past
After the game , Henderson commented about the goal as the " one that gave him his most personal satisfaction ever . "	Past
Controversy ensued when the Soviets wanted to back out of the refereeing agreement .	Past
Eagleson threatened to pull Team Canada from playing the eighth game .	Past
In a compromise , Kompalla refereed along with Bata instead of Baader .	Past
The ill will spilled over into the presentation of a totem pole as a gift from Team Canada .	Past
The pre-game presentation was cancelled by the Soviets , but restored on the insistence of Team Canada .	Past
Parise nearly swung his stick at Kompalla and got a match penalty .	Past
Sinden threw a chair on the ice .	Past
Some writers have commented that the incidents resulted in the rest of the game being refereed capably .	Past
The teams exchanged power plays before Lutchenko scored a power play goal on a slap shot to put the Soviets ahead 2 – 1 .	Past
White had countered for Canada midway through the period .	Past
Blinov was denied by Esposito who stopped the puck with his stick on the goal line .	Past
It was matched on the ice as Gilbert and Yevgeni Mishakov had a fight .	Past
Foster Hewitt noticed : " You can feel the tension almost everywhere ! "	Past
At the ten-minute mark , Sinden noticed that the Soviets had changed their style , playing defence to protect the lead , rather than pressing .	Past
Eagleson was freed and the coaches escorted him across the ice to the bench .	Past
In anger , he shoved his fist to the Soviet crowd , as a few other Canadian supporters also gave the finger to the Soviets .	Past
Sinden speculates the Soviets were willing to accept the tie and win the series on goal differential .	Pres
He missed Henderson with a pass , but two Soviets mishandled the puck in the corner and Esposito shot the puck on Tretiak .	Past
Henderson recovered the rebound of Esposito 's shot , shot the puck and was stopped , but recovered the rebound .	Past
Foster Hewitt 's voice rose in excitement as he called the winning goal :	Past
Pat Stapleton picked up the puck after the game .	Past
The team was mobbed by an estimated crowd of 10,000 at Montreal 's Dorval Airport .	Past
The players were welcomed by Ontario Premier Bill Davis and Toronto Mayor William Dennison .	Past
Campbell characterized the reports as " presumptuous " .	Past
They singled out Team Canada Assistant Coach John Ferguson for his " pugnacity " .	Past
Eagleson woke up with bruises from his treatment .	Past
When leaving Sweden , the team was informed that the players would stay at one hotel , their wives at another .	Past
The players threatened not to go , and the arrangements were changed to keep the players and wives together at the Intourist Hotel .	Past
The players ' wives were fed sub-standard food and the players would smuggle some of their food to their wives .	Past
The team had contracted to have Canadian beer and steaks delivered to them in Moscow .	Past
Sinden criticized the German referees : " ... they were absolutely terrible .	Past
" They were spearing , holding , interfering , and most of all , backstabbing . "	Pres
As an example of the referees ' incompetence , Sinden pointed out that Esposito had been penalized for cross-checking , and given a misconduct for it .	Past
Sinden , who had played international ice hockey , knew that under international rules at the time , you could not give a misconduct for cross-checking .	Past
A dirty incident marred the second game .	Past
Sterner was not penalized on the play .	Past
The Swedish defenceman had actually backed into their goaltender , allowing Esposito an easy shot for goal .	Past
I wouldn 't be able to stomach their gloating if they beat us . "	Pres
Team Canada was heavily criticized by the Swedish media for its " criminal " -style play during the two games .	Past
Pictures in the newspapers highlighted the blood from a two-stitch cut the Swedish captain Lars-Erik Sjöberg had received on a cross-check from Vic Hadfield .	Past
The team cooled off the next day with a session in Södertälje playing for the employees of a Volkswagen plant .	Past
The Czechoslovakian team tied it with two goals in the second by Bohuslav Stastny .	Past
Canada pulled its goalie and Savard scored his second goal with four seconds left .	Past
( A year earlier , the national census had counted 21,963,000 Canadians . )	Past
Ballard-Orr realized a profit on the series of $ 1.2 million .	Past
The series was picked up by some U.S. television stations , such as WSNS ( Channel 44 ) in Chicago .	Past
WGBH fed the Canadian telecasts ; games six , seven , and eight were seen on WGBH and PBS on a tape-delay in prime-time .	Past
Meanwhile , the Canadian team was picked and prepared in only a few weeks and most players were not yet in top shape when the series began .	Past
I answered , ' No , I see 14 of them ! ' "	Past
In North America , the Series ( particularly the first few games ) exposed the need for better preparation and off-season training .	Past
Mark Howe commented that the Soviet national team must have trained six hours on the day of a game in the 1972 Winter Olympics .	Past
Eagleson would later be barred from public appearances with Team Canada members after his fraud convictions related to his hockey business dealings .	Past
On November 2 , 2005 , the team was honoured , en masse , as members of the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame .	Past
In 2010 , the sweater Henderson wore while scoring the decisive final goal of the series was put up for auction by an anonymous American collector .	Past
The series was replayed that month on Canadian television , and the Canadian team was honoured with a dinner at the Hockey Hall of Fame .	Past
In the 1994 film " " , director Nikita Mikhalkov observes that to be a great nation , " Russia needed great enemies " .	Pres
All three had been drafted in the 1972 NHL Entry Draft and were clients of Alan Eagleson .	Past
As Minister he undertook some major reforms .	Past
He instigated a new approach where Government invested radically in capital projects .	Past
In 1970 , Senghor reinstated the post of prime minister , giving it to Diouf , his protégé .	Past
As the region destabilized , Senegambia was dissolved .	Past
He also encouraged civic organizations and both Christian and Muslim religious leaders to raise awareness about AIDS .	Past
In 1992 , he was re-elected President of the OAU again for another year-long term .	Past
He was re-elected as Secretary-General for another four years at the organization 's summit in Bucharest in September 2006 .	Past
Becker fled the camp on 15 January 1945 and went back home to Neuteich .	Past
Becker , along with the other ten defendants , was sentenced to death .	Past
Hargitay remodeled much of his and Mansfield 's Beverly Hills mansion , known as " The Pink Palace " , building its famous heart-shaped swimming pool .	Past
In November 2002 , the house was razed by developers who had purchased it from Engelbert Humperdinck .	Past
In May 1963 , Hargitay and Mansfield filed for divorce in Ciudad Juárez .	Past
After Mariska 's birth , Mansfield sued for the Juárez divorce to be declared legal , and ultimately won .	Past
After Mansfield 's death in a car crash on June 29 , 1967 , Hargitay sued Mansfield 's estate for over $ 5,000 to support the children .	Past
" At that time , athletic coaches discouraged lifting weights , thinking you 'd become musclebound .	Past
As teenager Steinhoff worked as house maid on a farm at Tygenhagen near Danzig .	Past
On December 1 , 1944 she was reassigned to Bromberg-Ost female subcamp of Stutthof located in Bydgoszcz , some 170 km south of Danzig .	Past
Soon before the end of World War II , she fled the camp and went back home .	Past
She was publicly hanged on July 4 , 1946 , on Biskupia Gorka Hill , near Gdańsk .	Past
In 1940 , excavations were resumed by the SS-Ahnenerbe until 1942 .	Past
Excavations were resumed by Polish archaeologists after the war and continued until 1974 .	Past
The settlement at Biskupin belongs to the Hallstatt C and D periods ( early Iron Age , 800 – 650 BC and 650 – 475 BC ) .	Pres
In 1948 , when she was 11 and he 15 , they renewed their friendship , and in 1955 they married .	Past
On 12 April 1983 , the Wangs ' Mercedes was hijacked .	Past
On 10 April 1990 , Teddy Wang was kidnapped again and not recovered .	Past
Nina appealed the ruling but lost in a 2 – 1 decision on 28 June 2004 .	Past
The money was handed over to Wang Din-shin .	Past
She immediately flew to the United States to receive further treatment at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , which is affiliated with Harvard University .	Past
Contrary to previous reports , Midgley also dismissed claims that her will dictated that her fortune was to go to charity .	Past
The court upheld the 2002 will awarding Wang 's entire estate to the ChinaChem Charitable Foundation .	Past
She was executed for war crimes .	Past
I struck at least two prisoners every day . "	Pres
She was convicted and received a sentence of death .	Past
She was publicly hanged ( by the short drop method ) on 4 July 1946 , on Biskupia Górka hill , near Gdańsk , aged 24 .	Past
It protests about what it describes as " the obedience of the United Kingdom under Margaret Thatcher to United States interests " .	Pres
As / s / between vowels had been lost in Celtic before Adamnán 's time , Watson suggests that " Colosus " may represent a pre-Celtic name .	Pres
Simmering tensions eventually exploded in 1561 , when the MacLeans of Duart invaded the lands of the MacLeans of Coll .	Past
In December 2013 Coll secured ' dark skies ' status , only the second location in Scotland to do so .	Past
For some time it had been hypothesised that " Metrosideros " evolved in New Zealand , and dispersed from there throughout the Pacific .	Past
" Metrosideros " are often cultivated for their showy flowers , as street trees or in home gardens .	Past
" Metrosideros kermadecensis " is recently naturalised in Hawaii , and has the potential to become a pest .	Past
In turn , various cultivars of " M. collina " and " M. polymorpha " are widely grown in New Zealand under various names .	Past
Painter Salvador Dalí sometimes wore the " barretina " in the 20th century .	Past
The groups that use this instrument utilize only flute and percussive elements in their music , in a profusion of Native American , African and European traditions .	Pres
By the 18th century , the military use of the fife was regulated by armies throughout Europe and its colonies .	Past
By the early 19th century , warfare was changing and fifes were no longer practical as combat signaling devices , being gradually replaced by the infantry bugle .	Pres
This call was answered by the Cloos Company of Brooklyn , New York , and their Crosby Model fife .	Past
Compared to fifes made before this time , Cloos fifes were easier to play , better tuned , and produced a much louder sound .	Past
In 1958 , a new model fife designed by fifer John McDonagh was manufactured in Germany .	Past
These fifes were mass-produced for sale to the entire fife and drum community .	Past
John also renewed his collaborative friendship with Roy Seaman , who was now living in Arizona .	Past
Tuning is even further refined than on the McDonagh .	Past
In October 1944 she was reassigned to the Bromberg-Ost subcamp of Stutthof , and in January 1945 , back to Stutthof main camp .	Past
For this and other brutality , including causing the deaths of some prisoners , she was sentenced to death .	Past
In another story , Columba instructed a particular monk to go the monastery on Tiree and do penance for seven years .	Past
In another story , Columba banished some demons from Iona who then went to the island of Tiree to afflict the monks there instead .	Past
The rest of the island was let to 45 groups of tenants on co-operative joint farms : agricultural organisations probably dating from clan times .	Past
Field strips were allocated by annual ballot .	Past
A number of early monasteries once existed on Tiree itself , and several sites have stone cross-slabs from this period , e.g .	Past
These were preceded by a temporary RAF Advanced Chain Home radar station at Port Mor and an RAF Chain Home Beam radar station at Barrapol .	Past
By 2011 the figure had decreased to 240 ( 38.3 % ) , still the highest percentage of speakers in the Inner Hebrides .	Past
Tiree is also referenced in the song " Western Ocean " by Skipinnish , a traditional Scottish band co-founded by local Tiresian Angus MacPhail .	Past
The families were intercepted by a heavily armed detachment of the Seventh Cavalry , which attacked them , killing many women and children as well as warriors .	Past
A great variety of plant and animal life flourishes on and adjacent to the reservation , including the endangered black-footed ferret .	Pres
The U.S. resorted to military force .	Past
US forces were vastly outnumbered .	Past
The surviving Lakota fled , but U.S. cavalrymen pursued and killed many who were unarmed .	Past
A law passed in Congress in 1832 banned the sale of alcohol to Native Americans .	Past
Today , 200 of the 293 reservations in the 48 contiguous states have banned alcohol sales in their territories .	Past
On March 2 , 1889 the U.S. Congress enacted the " Great Sioux Agreement of March 2 , 1889 , 25 Stat .	Past
The Federal Government recognizes Bennett County as being entirely within the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation .	Pres
It encouraged them to adopt a model of elected representative governments and elected tribal chairmen or presidents , with written constitutions .	Past
While tribes welcomed taking back more control of their government , this change eroded the power and structure of the traditional hereditary leaders of the clan system .	Past
It also leased communally held Oglala Sioux Tribe ( OST ) land for this defense installation .	Past
Among the 125 families evicted was that of Pat Cuny , an Oglala Sioux .	Past
In 1955 the 97-year-old Beard testified of earlier mistreatment at Congressional hearings about this project .	Past
In the early 1970s , tribal tensions rose and some members turned to the American Indian Movement ( AIM ) for help .	Pres
Five of Wilson 's supporters cornered Means in the parking lot .	Past
They demanded the removal of Wilson , restoration of treaty negotiations with the U.S. government , and correction of U.S. failures to enforce treaty rights .	Past
Some Lakota have alleged that Ray Robinson , a civil rights activist , was killed during the Wounded Knee occupation , as he disappeared there .	Past
AIM representatives criticized the FBI report .	Past
In two separate trials , the U.S. prosecuted participants in the firefight for the deaths of the agents .	Past
AIM members Robert Robideau and Dino Butler were acquitted after asserting that they had acted in self-defense .	Past
Leonard Peltier was extradited from Canada and tried separately because of the delay .	Past
Whiteclay sells millions of cans of beer annually , primarily to residents from the reservation in South Dakota , where alcohol possession and consumption is prohibited .	Pres
The Nebraska legislature allocated funds in late 2010 for increased police patrols in Pine Ridge by the county sheriff 's office , based away in Rushville .	Past
While other tribes and reservations also prohibited alcohol at one time , many have since legalized its sales on their reservations .	Past
He believes that poverty is at the heart of its people 's problems .	Pres
It now employs 1,400 people in 26 subsidiaries .	Pres
The town sells massive quantities of alcohol to the Lakota , although it is illegal on the reservation .	Pres
Her two-year term would have expired in October 2006 .	Past
John Yellow Bird Steele was re-elected in 2010 .	Past
He intends to work on developing housing and discouraging alcoholism .	Pres
This custom prevailed for a short time after the Sioux were forced onto the reservations .	Past
In 1878 Congress authorized the formation of an Indian police force to provide law enforcement in Indian territory and upon reservations .	Past
They were superseded by police assigned and managed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) .	Past
The latter concept relates to traditional Lakota ideas about restoring the victim and offender to balance within the community .	Pres
Members of the reservation suffer from a disproportionately high rate of poverty and alcoholism .	Pres
The emergency room is staffed by two physicians as well as two physician assistants and a hospitalist in triage .	Past
Tribal police estimate that 90 percent of the crimes are alcohol-related .	Pres
The Whiteclay liquor stores were shut down by the state of Nebraska in 2017 , though the store owners are appealing to have the stores reopened .	Past
A quarter of the children born on the reservation are diagnosed with either FASD or FAS , resulting in lifelong challenges .	Past
The state of education on the reservation is severely lacking in multiple areas .	Pres
The OST 's commitment to using this process is reflected in its planning for a restorative justice courtroom in the new tribal justice center .	Past
Some residents have argued that the continuing rate of alcoholism on the reservation shows the failure of the prohibition policy .	Past
Only a small percentage of the tribe directly benefits from this , as land is leased to agricultural producers .	Pres
It also publishes material online .	Pres
Hemp can also be processed to yield oil for cooking and other products .	Past
The law in the U.S. is enforced by the Drug Enforcement Administration .	Past
Numerous artists maintain private studios and use diverse media in both traditional Lakota artforms , such as parfleche and beadwork , and contemporary styles .	Pres
The topography is generally rolling mixed grass prairie , interspersed in various location , especially to the north , into typical badlands topography .	Pres
Because of this ecotonal mixing , the number of plant species found in mixed-grass prairies exceeds that in other prairie types .	Pres
Since 2000 , hemp has grown wild here , following a failed attempt in growing it commercially , as a local ordinance allows .	Past
The attempt was shut down by the DEA and several other agencies .	Past
Both species feed on the black-tailed prairie dog .	Pres
Barkmann was publicly executed by short-drop hanging along with 10 other defendants from the trial on Biskupia Gorka Hill near Gdańsk on July 4 , 1946 .	Past
SDLC supports multipoint links as well as error correction .	Pres
or loop facilities , on switched or dedicated , two-wire or four-wire circuits , and with full-duplex and half-duplex operation .	Past
When a secondary is powered off , a relay connects its input directly to its output .	Pres
In SDLC loop mode , frames arrive in a group , ending ( after the final flag ) with an all-ones idle signal .	Pres
After its own final flag , it transmits an all-ones idle signal , which will serve as a go-ahead for the next station on the loop .	Pres
When the primary receives the go-ahead idle sequence , it knows that the secondaries are finished and it may transmit more commands .	Pres
The inhabitants of Japan have eaten fugu for centuries .	Past
The Tokugawa shogunate ( 1603 – 1868 ) prohibited the consumption of fugu in Edo and its area of influence .	Past
During the Meiji Era ( 1867 – 1912 ) , fugu was again banned in many areas .	Past
The scholar-statesman Su Shi famously remarked that the taste is worthy of death ( 值那一死 ) .	Past
Most fugu is now harvested in the spring during the spawning season and then farmed in floating cages in the Pacific Ocean .	Past
Live fish arrive at a restaurant , surviving in a large tank , usually prominently displayed .	Pres
This involves a two- or three-year apprenticeship .	Pres
Also , commercially available fugu is sometimes grown in environments in which it grows to be less toxic .	Past
Since October 2012 , restaurants in Japan have been permitted to sell fugu which has been prepared and packaged by a licensed practitioner elsewhere .	Past
The expense encourages chefs to slice the fish very carefully to obtain the largest possible amount of meat .	Pres
The special knife , called " fugu hiki " , is usually stored separately from other knives .	Past
Between 34 and 64 people were hospitalized , and zero to six died , per year , with an average fatality rate of 6.8 % .	Past
Fugu had been banned in Thailand five years prior to the deaths .	Past
In November 2011 , a chef at two-Michelin star " Fugu Fukuji " in Tokyo was suspended from his post .	Past
Five men were poisoned at a restaurant in Wakayama in March 2015 after specifically asking for liver .	Past
It is prepared in a number of dishes such as soups and salads , and commands a high price .	Past
The fugu is cleaned of the most toxic parts in Japan and freeze-flown to the USA under license in customized , clear , plastic containers .	Past
Pufferfish native to US waters , particularly the genus " Spheroides " , have also been consumed for food , sometimes resulting in poisonings .	Past
When it did not seem to do him any harm , they ate the stew .	Past
After that encounter , the beggar , who had hidden the stew instead of eating it , knew that it was safe and he could eat it .	Past
The three men had been fooled by the wise beggar .	Past
After the war , many survivors testified of her notoriously brutal beatings .	Past
The Soviets condemned her to death and executed her in May or June 1945 by hanging in Bautzen .	Past
The New Madrid earthquakes were interpreted variously by American Indian tribes , but one consensus was universally accepted : the powerful earthquake had to have meant something .	Past
The first digit of the PIN indicates the zone .	Pres
The second digit indicates the sub-zone , and the third digit indicates the sorting district within that zone .	Pres
The first digit of the PIN is allocated over the 9 zones as follows :	Past
Eleven convicts were sentenced to death , while the remainder were sentenced to various terms of imprisonment .	Past
Its population has been boosted due to recent urban developments such as that at Scartho Top .	Past
In that year the greater part of the village was absorbed by Grimsby , with a small part being attached to the parish of Waltham .	Past
Before the Second World War building work commenced on what had been Green Belt land .	Past
Her music made people hail her as the " voice of the voiceless ones " .	Pres
Her career spanned four decades and she was the recipient of several Grammy awards and nominations , including a posthumous Latin Grammy award for Best Folk Album .	Past
In 1967 , Sosa toured the United States and Europe with great success .	Past
A supporter of Perón , she favored leftist causes throughout her life .	Past
Suffering from recurrent endocrine and respiratory problems in later years , the 74-year-old Sosa was hospitalized in Buenos Aires on September 18 , 2009 .	Past
Thousands had queued by the end of the day .	Past
She was cremated on October 5 .	Past
which depends on the Seebeck coefficient " S " , thermal conductivity " κ " , electrical conductivity " σ " , and temperature " T " .	Pres
Thus in metals the ratio of thermal to electrical conductivity is about fixed , as the electron part dominates .	Past
For good efficiency a low ratio of " κ " / " κ " is desired .	Past
Thus semiconductors should be highly doped .	Past
These can be partially quantified using an electronic fitness function .	Past
Strategies to improve thermoelectrics include both advanced bulk materials and the use of low-dimensional systems .	Pres
Therefore , minority carrier conduction cannot be neglected for small stoichiometric deviations .	Past
( 2008 ) demonstrated that thallium-doped lead telluride alloy ( PbTe ) achieves a ZT of 1.5 at 773 K. Later , Snyder " et al . "	Past
Transport properties depend on the framework 's properties , but tuning is possible by changing the “ guest ” atoms .	Pres
The structural and chemical properties of clathrates enable the optimization of their transport properties as a function of stoichiometry .	Pres
Partially filled variants can be synthesized as semiconducting or even insulating .	Past
Recently , skutterudite materials have sparked the interest of researchers in search of new thermoelectrics .	Past
These materials exhibit low thermal conductivity perpendicular to the layers while maintaining good electronic conductivity within the layers .	Pres
Interest in oxides as thermoelectric materials was reawakened in 1997 when NaCoO was found to exhibit good thermoelectric behavior .	Past
The ability to substitute any of these three sublattices opens the door for wide variety of HH compounds to be synthesized .	Pres
Under certain conditions some Q1D organic crystals may have ZT ~ 20 at room temperature for both p- and n-type materials .	Past
This can be realized in amorphous thermoelectrics and soon they became a focus of many studies .	Past
This ground-breaking idea was accomplished in Cu-Ge-Te , NbO , In-Ga-Zn-O , Zr-Ni-Sn , Si-Au , and Ti-Pb-V-O amorphous systems .	Past
This problem can be solved by using materials whose transport properties vary along their length thus enabling substantial improvements to the operating efficiency over large temperature differences .	Past
Phonons are confined to the grain , if their mean free path is larger than the material grain size .	Past
1- Doping with carbon isotopes to form isotopic heterojunction such as that of 12C and 13C .	Pres
Reported values of thermal conductivity of suspended graphene of size 3.8 µm show a wide spread from 1500 to 5000 W / mK .	Past
The thermal behavior of graphene oxide has not been investigated extensively as compared to its counterpart ; graphene .	Past
Reduced phonon-scattering interface structures often also exhibit a decrease in electrical conductivity .	Past
Nanocomposites are promising material class for bulk thermoelectric devices , but several challenges have to be overcome to make them suitable for practical applications .	Pres
It is not well understood why the improved thermoelectric properties appear only in certain materials with specific fabrication processes .	Past
This high ZT figure of merit has been attributed to an extremely low thermal conductivity found in the SnSe lattice .	Past
Upon transitioning to the Cmcm structure , SnSe maintains its low thermal conductivity but exhibits higher carrier mobilities , leading to its excellent ZT value .	Pres
Therefore , thermoelectric materials can also be synthesized using physical vapor deposition techniques .	Past
Also , printable materials that demonstrate good mechanical flexibility could be utilized for wearable thermoelectrics , which convert body energy to electricity .	Past
Thermoelectric efficiency depends on the " figure of merit " , ZT .	Pres
He secured an appointment to Annapolis , and graduated fifteenth in the class of 1916 .	Past
Safford himself was wrenched out of the job in 1926 , returning in 1929 .	Past
While many historians have insisted that Rochefort 's team didn 't crack the JN-25B Naval code the declassified intercepts refute this notion .	Pres
In August 1970 , Safford reaffirmed his views : " By Dec.1 / 41 , we had the code solved to a	Past
" A. ursinum " is widespread across most of Europe .	Past
It grows in deciduous woodlands with moist soils , preferring slightly acidic conditions .	Pres
The stems are preserved by salting and eaten as a salad in Russia .	Past
The Victorian culture is often cited as the best example of this hypocrisy .	Past
Armstrong ) have commented upon the meaning of pain and what it can tell us about the nature of human experiences .	Past
This drastic distinction between inner world and outer world was most popularized by René Descartes when he solidified his principle of Cartesian dualism .	Past
the Martian feels pain due to the activation of an elaborate internal hydraulic system rather than , for example , the firing of C-fibers ) .	Pres
In the mid-1930s , they solved the first Japanese machine for encipherment of diplomatic communications , known to the Americans as RED .	Past
Rowlett differed with General Ralph J. Canine , the first director of NSA , over personnel movements , including his own .	Past
Rowlett has been inducted into the Military Intelligence Hall of Fame .	Past
The word is sometimes capitalized as " Kriging " in the literature .	Past
Kriging can also be understood as a form of Bayesian inference .	Past
In geostatistical models , sampled data is interpreted as the result of a random process .	Past
The set of random variables constitutes a random function of which only one realization is known formula _ 8 – the set of observed data .	Pres
and , for simplicity , we define formula _ 14 and formula _ 15 .	Pres
This hypothesis allows one to infer those two measures – the variogram and the covariogram :	Pres
The estimator formula _ 35 is also interpreted as a random variable located in formula _ 27 , a result of the linear combination of variables .	Past
Some conclusions can be asserted from this expression .	Past
It assumes the expectation of the random field to be known , and relies on a covariance function .	Pres
In the 1930s he toured much of North and South America .	Past
It spawned a sequel , " Sanshiro Sugata Part II " , which was released in 1945 and also directed by Kurosawa .	Past
Sayo is greeted as a local beauty in town and another jujutsu master , Higaki , becomes a rival to Sanshiro for her affections .	Past
After emerging victorious from his duel , Sanshiro prepares for his next assignment in Yokohama while being escorted on the local train by the young Sayo .	Pres
He promises to return to her after he finishes his journey .	Pres
After the initial release , Japanese censors trimmed the film by 17 minutes .	Past
This footage was never recovered ; however , the original script with the missing material still exists .	Past
The 1952 re-release ( from which the 2009 Criterion DVD is made ) opens with ( translated from the original Japanese text ) :	Pres
Paul Anderer emphasized Kurosawa 's attention to the character of Gennosuke Higaki in the film .	Past
Sinkov knew French and Kullback , Spanish .	Past
Friedman also encouraged other self-improvement endeavors : his employees trained summers at a camp at Ft . Meade to earn commissions in the military reserves .	Past
One theory suggests that human hoarding may be related to animal hoarding behavior , but substantial evidence is lacking .	Pres
The disorder increases family strain , work impairment , and the risk of serious medical conditions .	Pres
The weather vane was independently invented in ancient China and Greece around the same time during the 2nd century BCE .	Past
The Bayeux Tapestry of the 1070s depicts a man installing a cock on Westminster Abbey .	Pres
The classic weather vane that reaches to 50 feet is topped by a 1942 Case Model D Tractor .	Past
The National Assembly of Quebec has banned use of this slang term as a slur after its use by members of the legislature .	Past
This single processor Power Mac G5 was discontinued soon after in June 2005 .	Past
This change necessitated a passive ADC to DVI adapter to use a DVI monitor .	Past
Apple no longer supports ADC adapters , or monitors .	Pres
The station was entirely computerised to record all data that was researched .	Past
2000 philatelic covers were cancelled , while videos were taken on the station .	Past
Dakshin Gangotri was finally decommissioned on 25 February 1990 and subsequently turned into a supply base .	Past
and eventually evolved into Mambo music .	Past
The estuary extends inland for from the Tasman Sea .	Pres
In the 14th century , the great chief Puhi landed just south of the Bay of Islands .	Past
Wesleyan ( and , later , Anglican ) missionaries were guided along these ancient routes to make their own discovery of Hokianga and its accessible timber resources .	Past
In 1828 , the missionary schooner " Herald " , built by Henry Williams and sailed by Gilbert Mair , foundered while trying to enter Hokianga Harbour .	Past
His project collapsed , and he left behind him a few ancient fruit trees and a lot of gouty DNA .	Past
While the fate of the country was being signed into history , the axemen of Hokianga scarcely missed a beat .	Past
At any one time , as many as 20 ships could be loading Hokianga timber .	Pres
By 1900 , the bulk of the forest had sailed over the bar and the little topsoil that remained was turned to dairy farming for butter production .	Past
By 1914 , a rustic telephone system linked some of the Hokianga communities with each other and with the outside world .	Past
A soup kitchen was organised in each community .	Past
It is suspected that she was killed accidentally by fishermen fishing with gelignite .	Past
Medical and biomedical studies often seek to determine a link in sets of data , such as ( as indicated above ) three different diseases .	Pres
influence of a statin on levels of cholesterol , or the degree of pain ) to change in direct order as the effect develops .	Pres
In the above discussion the distribution of trends was calculated by simulation , from a large number of trials .	Past
To analyse a ( time ) series of data , we assume that it may be represented as trend plus noise :	Pres
If one can reject the null hypothesis that the errors are non-stationary , then the non-stationary series { " y " } is called trend stationary .	Pres
The least squares method assumes the errors to be independently distributed with a normal distribution .	Pres
If this is not the case , hypothesis tests about the unknown parameters " a " and " b " may be inaccurate .	Pres
One of the alternative approaches involves unit root tests and the cointegration technique in econometric studies .	Pres
Furthermore , the linearity of the time trend poses many questions :	Pres
However , as noted elsewhere this time series doesn 't conform to the assumptions necessary for least squares to be valid .	Pres
As a child , he watched magicians at the local Edison Theatre and attended circus shows at the Pacific National Exhibition .	Past
By the 1930s , he traveled with his own magic show .	Past
They later honed a two-hour magic show for nightclubs during the 1940s and into the 1950s .	Past
In nightclubs , audiences were often sitting on three sides of the performers with less than ideal lighting situations .	Pres
With his original ideas and devotion to his craft , Mandrake invented new magic acts and innovative ways to perform illusions for nightclubs .	Past
On March 11 , 1978 , Leon Mandrake was honored by his peers for his lifelong service to the profession .	Past
The award acknowledged the contribution to the dignity and stature of magic made by Leon and Velvet Mandrake over their lifetime in magic .	Past
She never regained consciousness and died five days later .	Past
In a controversial court case , Sweeney was convicted of voluntary manslaughter in Dunne 's death and served three and a half years in prison .	Past
Dunne portrayed Dana Freeling , the teenaged daughter of a couple whose family is terrorized by ghosts .	Past
The relationship quickly deteriorated because of Sweeney 's possessiveness and jealousy .	Past
She fled to her mother 's house where Sweeney showed up and began to bang on the door and windows , demanding to be let in .	Past
A friend who was staying with the couple heard " loud gagging sounds " and ran into the room where Dunne was being attacked .	Pres
She pretended to comply , but sneaked out of the bathroom window instead .	Past
Packer then phoned a friend and told him if he was found dead , John Sweeney was the killer .	Past
Dunne was transported to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , where she was placed on life support because her heart had stopped .	Past
At the request of her mother , her kidneys and heart were donated to transplant recipients .	Past
The night of Dunne 's attack , responding officers found Sweeney standing by Dunne 's unconscious body in her driveway .	Pres
He denied assaulting Dunne , claiming that he was only trying to prevent her from leaving their home .	Past
He testified that he had not intended to harm Dunne the night he arrived at her home .	Past
He then realized she was not breathing .	Past
Dunne 's family disputed Sweeney 's claim that she had reconciled with him .	Past
Deputy Frank DeMilio , the first officer to arrive at the scene , testified that Sweeney told him , " Man , I blew it .	Past
He was subdued by two bailiffs and four armed guards .	Past
Sweeney was handcuffed to his chair and began to cry .	Past
He apologized for the outburst ; Judge Katz accepted the apology .	Past
Attorney Michael Adelson requested that Judge Katz rule Pierce 's testimony inadmissible as it was " prejudicial " .	Past
He was also convicted of misdemeanor assault for the altercation with Dunne that occurred on September 26 , 1982 .	Past
Dunne 's family was outraged by the verdict , calling it an " injustice " .	Past
After Judge Katz excused the jury and told them that justice was served , Dominick Dunne yelled , " Not for our family , Judge Katz ! "	Past
Victims for Victims , a victims ' rights group established by actress Theresa Saldana , protested the verdict by staging a march outside the courthouse .	Past
Afterward , several media outlets debated the events of the trial and the verdict .	Past
Several also criticized Judge Katz 's actions .	Past
After the trial , John Sweeney was incarcerated at a medium-security prison in Susanville , California .	Past
Sweeney eventually quit his job due to the protests from Dunne 's family and moved away from Los Angeles .	Past
In the mid-1990s , Dominick Dunne was contacted by a Florida doctor who had read an article Dunne wrote about Dominique 's death .	Past
Most countries celebrate national anniversaries , typically called national days .	Pres
The important dates in a sitting monarch 's reign may also be commemorated , an event often referred to as a " jubilee " .	Past
No other functional difference existed between these variants .	Past
The CFHOF is currently changing to a de-centralized model , which does not included a main museum building ( see " Today " below ) .	Pres
Once during every CFL season , the Hall sponsors the induction ceremony of former players .	Pres
Included in the " Hall of Fame Weekend " is a regular season game , usually ( but not always ) affiliated with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats .	Past
In Unicode , the character is encoded at .	Past
Bensheim is roughly subdivided thus :	Past
Under the Odenwald 's protection , kiwifruit , almonds , figs and peaches thrive here , giving the Bergstraße the nickname “ Germany ’ s Riviera ” .	Pres
Bensheim has grown out of a village that had its first documentary mention in the 8th century .	Past
The concept , called " publicae mercationes " in the original , indicates the community , where public buying and selling was allowed .	Pres
In 1939 , Auerbach , Schönberg and Zell were amalgamated , raising the population to just under 16,500 .	Past
The camp was dissolved in 1949 .	Past
In 1971 , the population rose to some 34,000 with the amalgamation of Langwaden , Schwanheim , Fehlheim , Hochstädten , Gronau and Wilmshausen .	Past
The municipal election held on 27 March 2011 yielded the following results :	Past
It was housed at " Wolfgang-Sucker-Haus " from 1947 to 1967 and also has been once again since November 2007 .	Past
However , work has begun on the new " Skate / BMX-park " , on the same site where the old one was .	Past
" Bandsheim " ( “ Band Home ” ) has afforded the youth music scene an outlet that regularly hosts “ newcomer ” concerts in Bensheim .	Past
Nevertheless , many youths feel left out , as they must pay for all leisure activities .	Pres
The festival , which begins on the Saturday , lasts nine days .	Pres
Kern GmbH manufactures enveloping systems for banks , insurance companies , telecommunications businesses and information technology service providers and is also headquartered in Bensheim .	Past
Also , the auto manufacturer Suzuki International Europe GmbH is headquartered in Bensheim .	Past
It has been manufactured in many countries .	Past
Development targets indicated a production cost US $ 100 less than the current Escort .	Past
It was touted in press materials as " a concept vehicle designed and equipped for practical , off-road recreational use . "	Past
The new CTX continuously variable transmission , also fitted in the Fiat Uno , eventually appeared early in 1987 on 1.1 L models only .	Past
The XR2 model was thoroughly updated with a larger bodykit .	Past
The diesel engine was enlarged to a 1.8L capacity .	Past
This was discontinued in 2009 and replaced by the Mark VI imported from Mexico .	Past
In Chile the model is imported from Mexico because the Mercosur model does not meet the requirements of the country .	Past
The South American market Fiesta was facelifted in early 2007 as a 2008 model , with new rectangular headlights and grille .	Past
This new model coincided with the 2010 facelift and re-branding of the Fiesta Sedan to Ikon .	Past
Production of the Ford Ikon was discontinued when the Bharat IV emission requirements came into effect for metropolitan areas .	Past
This coincided with a drop in prices and the introduction of a new variant called " Titanium " .	Past
The 1.6 L Duratec engine was rated .	Past
The engine is rated at over .	Past
These new features were publicised in the UK through a ' Clever Fiesta , Stupid Dogbot ' TV advertising campaign , and Ford microsite .	Past
The Mountune Performance Stage 2 package ( £ 1,838 ) adds new camshafts and valve springs to the basic package to deliver .	Pres
It is not marketed in Europe , but marketed in Russia from 2015 .	Past
On November 19 , 2007 , Ford unveiled its second Verve concept .	Past
Ford initially anticipated that over 85 % of Fiesta orders would include this multifunction display .	Past
The Fiesta ECOnetic achieves its environmental credentials through weight loss and aerodynamic adjustments , and its emission figure exempts the car from UK vehicle excise duty .	Pres
The Fiesta ST is powered by a 1.6 litre Ford EcoBoost engine to deliver performance while still providing good fuel efficiency .	Past
As the name suggests , power was up to , while torque was boosted to .	Pres
Vans with the 1.6 Duratorq TDCi are rated torque .	Past
All models are manufactured at Ford 's Cuautitlán Assembly Plant .	Past
By August 2010 , Ford delayed some shipments because of a ' quality problem ' .	Past
It adds the following equipment to the base S : six speakers , power windows and door locks with keyless entry , and alloy wheels .	Pres
For 2013 option packages have been simplified and a Titanium trim level replaces the former SES / SEL .	Past
Ford Fiesta for the Indian market has been finalised in both saloon and hatchback versions .	Past
Both cars were highly modified with special motorsport components throughout and featured pioneering Limited-slip differential ( LSD ) technology .	Past
Since this there have been sporting and " hot hatch " editions .	Pres
It combines keen competition with equal performance and leaves the decision about winning or losing to the drivers and co-drivers capabilities .	Pres
On November 18 , 2009 , Ford with M-Sport unveiled the Ford Fiesta S2000 Mark VI .	Past
The WRC regulations will be altered for 2017 and M-Sport has thus started developing the Mk7 Fiesta World Rally Car .	Past
It produces over and .	Pres
The car has also been raced in the Touring-Light division of the Russian Touring Car Championship .	Past
Chamblain first emerged as a notorious figure as a sergeant within the transitional military junta running Haïti following the collapse of Jean-Claude Duvalier 's dictatorship in 1986 .	Past
Eventually these cities would be disputed between the two countries .	Past
Groups , like the Haiti Endowment Fund ( HEF ) of Southern California send medical missionaries several times a year to provide medicines and basic healthcare .	Pres
A wide range of microclimates produces a large assortment of fruits and vegetables .	Pres
The people enjoy a strong , sweet coffee — Rebo is one brand .	Pres
Hinche can be accessed by road or plane .	Past
Usually , these flights are chartered from Port-au-Prince .	Past
About 70 percent of this road is now paved as of January 2010 .	Past
Mission Aviation Fellowship charters flights to the airport in town Hinche Airport .	Pres
After skirting the Peligre Hydroelectric Dam , now silted up and almost useless , the road passes Thomonde and reaches this city .	Past
As such , she wakes up every morning thinking it is Sunday , October 13 , of last year .	Pres
Despite Sue 's warning , Henry invites Lucy to have breakfast with him .	Pres
One day , a police officer writes Lucy a ticket for her expired plates .	Pres
She spends more time with Henry and goes to see some of her old friends .	Pres
Henry reluctantly helps Lucy destroy her journal entries of their relationship .	Pres
A few weeks later , Henry is preparing to leave for his trip .	Pres
Concluding that she remembers him , he returns home , rushes to the brain institute and asks her if she knows who he is .	Pres
Some time later , Lucy wakes up and plays a video tape marked " Good Morning Lucy . "	Pres
It again informs her of her accident , but ends with her and Henry 's wedding .	Pres
Lucy then sees that she is on Henry 's boat , which finally made it to Alaska .	Pres
Originally , Seattle was supposed to be the main film 's setting , but Sandler later switched it to Hawaii .	Past
You don 't see many movies [ set ] there , so it was a great experience to film in a different locale .	Pres
He reveals the warm side of his personality , and leaves behind the hostility , anger and gross-out humor ...	Pres
There the author mingles reflections on topics like childhood , life , death , friendship , innocence , imagination , faith and beauty .	Pres
Species that may be eligible for reintroduction are typically threatened or endangered in the wild .	Past
For example , wolves being reintroduced to a wild area to curb an overpopulation of elk or deer .	Past
Because reintroduction may involve returning native species to localities where they had been extirpated , some prefer the term " reestablishment " .	Pres
Humans have been reintroducing species for food and pest control for thousands of years .	Pres
Ideally , populations should be sourced " in situ " when possible due to the numerous risks associated with reintroducing organisms from captive populations to the wild .	Past
Tissue culture and cryopreservation techniques have only been perfected for a few species .	Past
The Siberian tiger population has rebounded from 40 individuals in the 1940s to around 500 in 2007 .	Past
The IUCN reintroduction guidelines emphasize the need for an assessment of the availability of suitable habitat as a key component of reintroduction planning .	Pres
Some protocols suggest sourcing approximately 30 individuals from a population will capture 95 % of the genetic diversity .	Pres
Increasing genetic diversity is favored with removal of genetically overrepresented individuals from captive populations and addition of animals with low genetic relatedness to the wild .	Past
in 1998 indicated that 64 % of reintroduction projects have used subjective opinion to assess habitat quality .	Past
Population dynamics models that integrate demographic parameters and behavioral data recorded in the field can lead to simulations and tests of a priori hypotheses .	Pres
Thigpen was inducted into the Percussive Arts Society Hall of Fame in 2002 .	Past
To add to the confusion , the prototypes were then redesignated XF9F-9 with the XF9F-8 designation going to another more straightforward Cougar derivative .	Past
Thus , the Navy cancelled all orders for the F11F-1P reconnaissance version and only 199 F11F-1 ( F-11A ) fighters were built .	Past
The aircraft was withdrawn from carrier operations by 1961 .	Past
BuNo 141853 was fitted with a Rohr Industries thrust reverser and BuNo 141824 was kept in standard configuration as a chase plane .	Past
Both clinicians and laymen alike have witnessed the desperate attempts to escape these subjective inner experiences of these patients .	Past
Research suggests that physical pain and psychological pain may share some underlying neurological mechanisms .	Pres
Moreover , many sources mention the fact that we use metaphors of physical pain to refer to psychological pain experiences .	Pres
As an " airline with an airline , " and a subsidiary and operationing division of the USAir Group , the US Airways Shuttle no longer exists .	Pres
The poem was parodied in newspapers and magazines , and strongly polarized public opinion .	Past
I prefer nonsense , but that is a purely personal matter . "	Pres
Now he kneels before the daisies and prays . '	Pres
" Dada rejects emphatically and as a matter of principle works like the famous ' Anna Blume ' of Kurt Schwitters . "	Pres
Established in Stilton , Cambridgeshire in 1983 , the company spent most of its life in Penryn , Cornwall before moving to Brighton , Sussex .	Past
The company was dissolved at the end of June 2013 .	Past
Two of its first releases were Countdown to Doom and Philosopher 's Quest , written by Peter Killworth .	Past
Fine Gael barred him from standing for the party again .	Past
The lawsuit was thrown out of several courts and Lowry was ordered to pay Smyth 's legal costs .	Past
This allegation prompted Lowry 's resignation from the Cabinet in November 1996 .	Past
He topped the poll in his constituency in that election , and did so again in the 2002 and 2007 general elections .	Past
Lowry is backed by a strong local organisation in Tipperary , known informally as " Team Lowry " .	Past
Lowry was re-elected to represent Tipperary North at the 2011 general election , heading the poll on the 1st count with 14,010 votes .	Past
Lowry 's defamation lawsuit was thrown out in the Circuit court , and again on appeal to the High Court .	Past
It emerged in October 2012 that Lowry owned land in Wigan which he had failed to declare in his register of members ' interests .	Past
On 6 November 2012 Lowry amended his declaration to the Oireachtas to include the land interest , despite claiming previously that the land was " worthless " .	Past
Lowry availed himself of the Tax Amnesty in 1993 .	Past
Her initial appointment by the previous government in March 2010 provoked charges of cronyism .	Past
The Ninth Circuit 's decision was thus reversed as a matter of procedural law , so it did not consider the constitutional question raised by the case .	Past
The case was later appealed to the Ninth Circuit under " Newdow v. Carey " and was reversed .	Past
Newdow sued as the " next friend " on behalf of his daughter , who was enrolled in the Elk Grove public schools .	Past
On the merits of the case , the court reversed the trial court decision on a 2-to-1 vote , on June 26 , 2002 .	Past
This was denied and an amended order and opinion was issued in February 2003 .	Past
Justice Antonin Scalia recused himself from the case after a request by Newdow that cited Scalia 's disapproval of the Ninth Circuit decision in a public speech .	Past
The other three justices concurred in the judgment reversing the Ninth Circuit , but dissented on the issue of standing .	Past
Thus , they proceeded to examine the constitutional question , and in doing so they found it did not offend the Constitution .	Past
The district is administered by the Kāpiti Coast District Council , a local body elected by residents every three years .	Past
The airport is sandwiched between Paraparaumu ( to the north ) and Raumati ( to the south ) .	Past
In 2011 scheduled commercial flights from Kapiti to Auckland were resumed .	Past
Many migrate to the area for their retirement .	Pres
State Highway One connects the Kapiti Coast to Wellington .	Pres
The Transmission Gully Motorway has long been mooted both as a commuter route and an alternative access to the capital in case of a civil defence emergency .	Past
He summarised his position as intending " to administer an electric shock to the Irish psyche " .	Past
These views contrasted with those he espoused during the 1950s and 1960s .	Past
Soon afterwards Mary 's husband , Thomas Kettle , an officer of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers , was killed during the Battle of the Somme .	Pres
They inflicted heavy casualties on the enemy force , but miraculously had suffered no fatalities themselves .	Past
However recent evidence from the UN archives suggests Cruise O 'Brien was acting with the express approval of Hammarskjöld .	Pres
In August 1976 Bernard Nossiter of the " Washington Post " interviewed O 'Brien regarding the passage of an Emergency Powers Bill .	Past
He wished to " cleanse the culture " of republicanism and said he would like the bill to be used against teachers who allegedly glorified Irish revolutionaries .	Past
Nossiter immediately informed " Irish Press " editor Tim Pat Coogan of O 'Brien 's intentions .	Past
O 'Brien 's Dublin North-East constituency was abolished as part of a government-inspired redrawing of boundaries .	Past
In 1979 he controversially pulped an " Observer " magazine with an article by Mary Holland , " The Observer " ' s Ireland correspondent .	Past
She also rejoined " The Observer " after O 'Brien 's departure in 1981 .	Past
In 2005 he rejoined the Labour Party .	Past
His private papers have been deposited in the University College Dublin Archives .	Past
On October 7 , 2012 , Carpenter was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame .	Past
She briefly quit performing , but after several job interviews decided to return to music .	Past
Carpenter was persuaded by Jennings to play original material instead of covers .	Past
Within a few years , she landed a manager and recorded a demo tape that led to a deal with Columbia Records .	Past
Some music critics argue that Carpenter 's style covers a range of influences even broader than those from " country " and " folk " .	Pres
I don 't feel there 's anything I can 't address . "	Pres
Carpenter has struggled with periods of depression since childhood .	Past
Carpenter spoke about the experience on National Public Radio 's " This I Believe " program in June 2007 .	Past
As a child he contracted the measles , as well as scarlet fever which left him deaf in one ear .	Past
Dickson himself had apprenticed to George Stephenson .	Past
Following the Panic of 1873 , Powderly was dismissed from this position at the railroad .	Past
Two weeks after taking the position , he was dismissed after being identified by the same man who had been instrumental in his previous dismissal in 1872 .	Past
In response , he appealed to William Walker Scranton , who had given him the position to start .	Past
My answer to that was : " I am insured for one thousand dollars in the union .	Past
He looked steadily at me a while and said : " Go to the mill and tell Davidson to set you to work . "	Past
After assuming office , he immediately reorganized the labor force and enacted moderate reforms .	Past
Powderly is most remembered for leading the Knights of Labor ( " K of L " ) , a nationwide labor union .	Past
He argued that immigrants took jobs away from native-born Americans and drove down wages .	Past
He urged West Coast branches of the Knights of Labor to campaign for the passage of the Chinese Exclusion Act .	Past
Powderly forbade them to use their most effective tool : the strike .	Past
Powderly intervened in two labor actions : the first against the Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1886 and the second against the Chicago Meatpackinghouse industry .	Past
Disaster struck the Knights with the Haymarket Square Riot in Chicago on May 4 , 1886 .	Past
Anarchists were blamed , and two of them were Knights .	Past
However the disorganization of the group and its record of losing strike after strike disillusioned many members .	Past
Powderly was inducted into the U.S. Department of Labor Hall of Honor in 1999 .	Past
The citation reads as follows :	Pres
The quantity of radiant energy may be calculated by integrating radiant flux ( or power ) with respect to time .	Past
The term " radiant energy " also applies to gravitational radiation .	Pres
Alternatively , EM radiation can be viewed as an electromagnetic wave , which carries energy in its oscillating electric and magnetic fields .	Past
EM waves can also be reflected or scattered , in which case their energy is redirected or redistributed as well .	Past
It can be generated electrically by infrared lamps , or can be absorbed from sunlight and used to heat water .	Past
Various other applications of radiant energy have been devised .	Past
He wound up working at Universal off and on for the next ten years .	Pres
His scenes in William Wellman 's " Lilly Turner " ( 1933 ) were deleted .	Past
Goldwyn mostly loaned out Brennan 's services to other studios .	Past
Brennan portrayed town drunk and accused murderer Muff Potter in " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " ( 1938 ) .	Past
Brennan was billed third in " Northwest Passage " after Spencer Tracy and Robert Young .	Past
He was teamed with John Wayne for the first time since both men obtained stardom in " Dakota " ( 1945 ) , directed by Joseph Kane .	Past
In the latter film he was top billed and directed by William Wellman but the film was not widely seen .	Past
After five years on ABC , " The Real McCoys " switched to CBS for a final season .	Past
The series was co-produced with Danny Thomas 's Marterto Productions .	Past
The latter distinction has been surpassed a number of times since :	Past
After a support role in " Who 's Minding the Mint ? "	Pres
In 1964 , Brennan spoke at " Project Prayer " , a rally attended by 2,500 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles .	Past
His remains were interred at San Fernando Mission Cemetery in Los Angeles .	Past
Ashton later recalled , " My father was horrified .	Past
He was not academically inclined , and his father decided that on leaving the school in 1921 Ashton should join a commercial company .	Past
Despite family disapproval ( and at first in secret ) Ashton pursued his ambition to dance professionally .	Past
He auditioned for Léonide Massine ; at the unusually late age of twenty he was accepted as a pupil .	Past
She encouraged him to try choreographing .	Past
In 1933 Ashton devised another work for de Valois and her company , the ballet-divertissement " Les Rendezvous " .	Past
These works have vanished , but the following year 's witty " A Wedding Bouquet " and " Les Patineurs " are still with us . "	Past
This recognised the eminence the company had achieved : internationally it was widely regarded as " the leading company outside Russia " .	Past
His time in charge was looked on as something of a golden age .	Past
Under him , the corps de ballet was recognised as rivalling and even excelling the best anywhere else in the world .	Past
The piece has been revived regularly , in every decade since the premiere .	Past
Adrian Grater has enlarged the definition to include the transitional movements ; this in Benesh notation is transcribed thus :	Past
The critic Alastair Macaulay writes :	Pres
Ailerons were fitted to the wings for lateral control and leading and trailing edge flaps were also fitted to the wings .	Past
The first production Scimitar flew on 11 January 1957 .	Past
The aircraft pioneered fuel flow proportioning and integral main-plane tanks , along with " blown " flying surfaces to reduce landing speeds .	Past
The facilities lie in the western part , the central part and the northern part .	Pres
In addition to constructing new buildings , new sites at the surroundings have been appropriated on behalf of the university .	Past
Waipoua Forest preserves some of the best examples of kauri forest remaining in New Zealand .	Pres
A community-based volunteer organisation , the Waipoua Forest Trust , helps maintain the forest .	Pres
The forest sanctuary is bordered to the south by the Professor W.R McGregor Reserve , named after W. R. McGregor ( 1894 – 1977 ) .	Past
In the 1940s , McGregor successfully campaigned to end logging of the forest and to have it declared a sanctuary , a status it achieved in 1952 .	Past
The trees are threatened by the fungus Phytophthora taxon Agathis .	Past
The fire burnt pine plantation adjoining the native forest , but destroyed ecologically significant wetland vegetation , and came within of the iconic Tāne Mahuta .	Past
secured 50,000 signatures to Parliament in a wheelbarrow .	Past
The two organisations help guide the Department of Conservation in its management role .	Pres
The Trust co-operates with the Native Forests Restoration Trust , which operates the Professor McGregor Reserve .	Pres
The trust is attempting to save the last of the ancient kauri trees , and to assist the wildlife in the park to recover .	Pres
Volunteers engage in weeding previously planted areas , maintaining the ground , collecting flax seed , and monitoring and eradicating pests such as rats and possums .	Pres
As of June 2007 the trust had invested more than NZ $ 4 million in land protection and restoration .	Past
In 1945 , he enrolled as a corps de ballet at the Opéra de Marseille .	Past
The 1976 Festival also witnessed the first performance of " Heliogabalus " , based on a poem by Artaud .	Past
Fokine aspired to move beyond traditional ballet , toward a method of utilizing ballet to communicate the natural beauty of man .	Past
His request was denied , and Fokine had toes painted on the dancers ' tights so they would appear to be barefoot .	Past
At Ballets Russes , he collaborated with other artists to create a ballet of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov 's " Scheherazade " , which premiered in 1910 .	Past
The sets designed by Léon Bakst matched the sexualized choreography .	Past
The outbreak of the First World War in August 1914 disrupted the established touring circuit , which included countries now on opposing sides .	Past
Fokine staged more than eighty ballets in Europe and the United States .	Past
When this failed to kill her , she was beheaded .	Past
The site is sacred to Christianity , Islam , and Judaism .	Past
During the seventh century , the isolated Christian anchorites of the Sinai was eliminated : only the fortified monastery remained .	Past
The archbishop is traditionally consecrated by the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem ; in recent centuries he has usually resided in Cairo .	Past
The monastery library preserves the second largest collection of early codices and manuscripts in the world , outnumbered only by the Vatican Library .	Pres
With planning assistance from Legatus , a research center of the University of the Arts London , the library will be extensively renovated for some time .	Past
The oldest icon on an Old Testament theme is also preserved there .	Past
About 2000 manuscripts should be stored in boxes .	Past
He also choreographed for his high school 's musicals .	Past
In 1979 , Forsythe choreographed and created his first full length ballet called Orpheus .	Past
Forsythe choreographed what is now looked at as his most famous ballet known worldwide .	Past
The public protested , but Forsythe decided to move on , and in 2004 the Frankfurt Ballet gave its last performance .	Past
Forsythe believes that classical ballet is a language with rules to follow .	Pres
As his career progressed Forsythe shifted the focus to the methods of his working .	Past
This contrasts the more classical partnering techniques that mainly focus on keeping the ballerina more upright and the goal is to assist in maintaining balance .	Pres
While Forsythe deconstructs the classical technique of ballet he additionally challenges social norms and the representation of these norms within art .	Pres
In all of his work , the dancers are prompted to reach their limbs past their kinespheres , stretching the arms and legs away from the torso .	Past
On the structure point of view , he likes to play with the expectations of the audience .	Pres
He creates " Choreographic Objects " , which are architectural and performance installations .	Pres
These works and many of his work in film have been displayed in a multitude of museums as well as exhibits throughout his time of creating .	Past
In August 1952 carrier trials were flown on , followed by carrier qualification trials on in October – December 1952 .	Past
Construction was slowed due to demand for the F-86 in Korea ; the FJ-2 was not produced in large numbers until after that conflict had concluded .	Past
In 1956 , the FJ-2 already disappeared from front-line service , and reserve units retired it in 1957 .	Past
The Sapphire promised to deliver 28 % more thrust than the J47 , for little gain in weight .	Past
To test the new engine a single FJ-2 , BuNo 131931 , was modified , but the first true production FJ-3 flew on 3 July 1953 .	Past
Of these 194 were modified to FJ-3Ms with the ability to carry AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missiles .	Past
Some FJ-3s were later modified to control Regulus missiles ( KDU-1 ) , and F9F-6K Cougar target drones .	Past
Born in Paris , France , Lisner emigrated to Australia with his parents in 1937 .	Past
As the official Farscape website lists them in the production order as opposed to airing order , the list below reflects that .	Pres
The premiere of season three was preceded with a one-hour recap titled " Farscape Undressed " for new audiences .	Past
The river is stemmed from Mount Jomolhari .	Past
To the northwest it is bounded by the Tibet .	Past
To the southwest it is bounded by Samtse District , to the southeast by Chukha District , and to the northeast by Paro District .	Past
The Indian Army maintains a military base in the valley to maintain security against incursions from China .	Pres
The famous Lam Pema Lingpa also documented the activities of another local deity known as " Aup Chungdue " .	Past
It originated in 1945 with a US Navy requirement for a jet-powered , radar-equipped , carrier-based night fighter .	Past
The F3D-2 Skyknight was only deployed to Korea by USMC land – based squadrons , beginning in September 1952 .	Past
The Skyknight downed more enemy aircraft in Korea than any other single type of naval aircraft .	Past
" Ding " Fessler downed a MiG-15 northwest of Pyongyang .	Past
The number of USMC Skyknights in Korea was doubled in January 1953 to 24 which allowed them to effectively escort B-29 Superfortresses on night bombing missions .	Past
Only 28 aircraft ( 12 F3D-1Ms , and 16 F3D-2Ms ) were modified to use the missiles .	Past
Some of these aircraft were fitted with a single 10 " aerial reconnaissance photography camera , which was mounted in the tail section .	Past
In 1962 , when the U.S. Navy and U.S. Air Force unified their designation systems , the F3D-1 was redesignated F-10A and the F3D-2 was re-designated F-10B .	Past
Yet another TF-10B was modified with the nose from an A-4 Skyhawk .	Past
Before construction of the Ship Canal , Salmon Bay was entirely salt water .	Past
East of the locks , Salmon Bay is spanned by the Ballard Bridge , a bascule bridge that carries 15th Avenue traffic between Ballard and Interbay .	Past
West of the locks , it is spanned by the Salmon Bay Bridge that carries the BNSF Railway railroad tracks between Ballard and Magnolia .	Past
After acquiring his degree , Bengel devoted himself to theology .	Past
In the following year he was recalled to Tübingen to undertake the office of " Repetent " ( theological tutor ) .	Past
According to the narrative Yahweh instructs Moses to confront the Egyptians and Israelites and briefs the prophet on what is to take place .	Pres
Yet Yahweh concedes and allows Aaron to be sent to assist Moses , since Aaron is eloquent and was already on his way to meet Moses .	Pres
Judaism also attaches symbolism to it .	Pres
The Baha 'i Faith believes that the Burning Bush was the voice of Baha 'u'llah .	Pres
Professor Benny Shanon 's controversial hypothesis speculates that the key event of the Old Testament might refer to a psychedelic experience with DMT .	Pres
This explains the recognition of non-hip-hop songs such as " Thong Song " and " I 'm Real ( Remix ) " .	Pres
Kanye West owns the most nominations , with a total of nine .	Pres
The responsibility of the press to confirm reports and leaks about individuals being tried has come under increasing scrutiny and journalists are calling for higher standards .	Pres
In the United Kingdom , strict contempt of court regulations restrict the media 's reporting of legal proceedings after a person is formally arrested .	Pres
It exothermically dissolves in water to give the aquo complex [ Cu ( HO ) ] , which has octahedral molecular geometry .	Pres
The structure of the solid pentahydrate reveals a polymeric structure wherein copper is again octahedral but bound to four water ligands .	Pres
Copper ( II ) sulfate pentahydrate decomposes before melting .	Pres
It loses two water molecules upon heating at , followed by two more at and the final water molecule at .	Pres
Copper sulfate reacts with concentrated hydrochloric acid to give tetrachlorocuprate ( II ) :	Pres
Iron reacts producing iron ( II ) sulfate and copper precipitates .	Pres
For example , in a zinc / copper cell , copper ion in copper sulfate solution absorbs electron from zinc and forms metallic copper .	Pres
Several chemical tests utilize copper sulfate .	Pres
In a flame test , its copper ions emit a deep green light , a much deeper green than the flame test for barium .	Pres
It corrects copper deficiencies in the soil and animals and stimulates farm animals ' growth .	Pres
In decoration , copper sulfate adds color to cement , metals and ceramic .	Pres
It inhibits growth of bacteria such as " Escherichia coli . "	Pres
According to studies , copper sulfate exists mainly in the surface soil and tends to bind organic matter .	Pres
Most writing on the egg cream assumes that it originated among Eastern European Jewish immigrants in New York City .	Pres
The five dollar bill lacks the Optically variable ink of higher denomination US bills .	Pres
I Have a Dream speech and the 1939 concert by opera singer Marian Anderson .	Pres
The Department of Treasury was seeking the public 's input on who should appear on the new bill during the design phase .	Pres
By 1927 the EIF was publicly supporting cultural Zionism , was cooperating with Zionist scout groups , and was open to all Jews including free-thinkers and Zionists .	Pres
Bole Road like many of the streets in Addis Ababa is experiencing a large construction boom spurred by the growing Ethiopian Economy .	Pres
It prescribes some rules pertaining to monastic life .	Pres
" The Story Of My Life " inspires us to reconnect with those who were part of the earliest chapters of our own life stories ' . "	Pres
Alvin walks around the room and removes stories from the room ’ s bookshelves , which make up the musical ’ s remaining songs .	Pres
Alvin removes a story from the shelf , which is about his abnormal tendencies and Thomas ’ attempts to reign them in ( “ Normal ” ) .	Pres
In another story , Thomas reads his college entrance essay on the Butterfly Effect ( “ The Butterfly ” ) to Alvin .	Pres
When he returns home again , he brings home his “ colleague , girlfriend , and number-one fan ” Anne .	Pres
Alvin asks Thomas to stay in town with him , but Thomas invites Alvin to join him in the city instead ( “ Independence Day ” ) .	Pres
Alvin writes Thomas from the bookstore to congratulate him on his continued success ( “ You ’ re Amazing , Tom ” ) .	Pres
Bartram 's lovely songs resonate on many levels , while Richard Maltby Jr. adds further dimension with his sharply-etched direction .	Pres
All the reports expressed hopes that the line would soon be extended through the Zeller Valley ( " Zellertal " ) .	Pres
As his name indicates , Hacohen comes from a family of priests , members of the " Avrish " who date their roots to Ezra the Scribe .	Pres
At the Havurah School , students learn a wide variety of Jewish subjects primarily through the arts .	Pres
SR4 interaction with the 3'UTR of " bsrG " RNA promotes " bsrG " degradation and inhibits its translation .	Pres
BsrG interferes with cell envelope biosynthesis , causes membrane invaginations and delocalisation of the cell wall synthesis and initiates autolysis .	Pres
The antitoxin SR5 promotes bsrE degradation but unlike SR4 it does not directly inhibits toxin mRNA translation .	Pres
Ian Smales still attends Featherstone Rovers games , and now works as a Sport & Active Lifestyles ’ Health & Fitness Officer , for Wakefield District Council .	Pres
It usually depends on how long it takes for the speech therapy to work .	Pres
The box set comprises 4 CDs containing a near-complete collection of Rouvas ' first works under the PolyGram Records record company .	Pres
† Bold names identify members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame .	Pres
Small hotels opposite to the mutt sell other South Indian vegetarian food , coffee , tea etc .	Pres
The moth flies from May to September depending on the location .	Pres
As the episode opens , two police officers answer a call to a disturbance in the home of Eastern European immigrants .	Pres
When the boy emerges from behind the bed , the snake creature rears and ( although not shown ) it kills the second officer .	Pres
Before lapsing into unconsciousness , he catches a glimpse of the driver — Helen Magnus .	Pres
Though very reluctant and confused , Will agrees to give the new job a try .	Pres
They also learn that his mutation has been caused by the Chernobyl disaster .	Pres
Although evidently affected , Druitt manages to teleport away .	Pres
He finally realises that it was Magnus who had saved him as a boy from the monster that killed his mother .	Pres
Helen then reveals that Druitt had been her fiancé in the 1880s .	Pres
The movie opens with Kozhikode city police commissioner Bharathchandran ( Suresh Gopi ) , an honest but brash cop , busting a gold smuggling racket in .	Pres
The front wing margin stains present on the hind wings , but mostly absent.The basal half of the costa is often dark in colour .	Pres
The moths fly from June to October depending on the location .	Pres
Sarah thinks about how to tell Miles and when she finally does Miles is furious and wants to punish Brian .	Pres
The churches belong to the Protestant faith .	Pres
Rollins College organizations were contributing to the Hungerford School in Eatonville , Florida , even before the Interracial Committee came into existence .	Pres
The basic colour of the wings is pale brown to orange in the first generation and rose-red in the second generation .	Pres
The moths fly from May to July depending on the location .	Pres
A 4.15 m well dug to the local water table indicates a knowledge of hydraulics .	Pres
Pandavs were staying in the King Birat 's palace , hiding their identity .	Pres
The moths fly from April to September depending on the location .	Pres
It helps the people to avail all the basic needs without going anywhere .	Pres
Chaine des Rotisseurs restaurant Tammer is located in ground floor of the building .	Pres
A few hours ride north takes one close to the Himalayas .	Pres
The moths fly from May to August depending on the location .	Pres
It borders with Ghaliadubba , Charpane , Garamani , Chakchaki , Saranamati and Surunga VDCs .	Pres
Various notable figures in National politics and bureaucracy belongs to this place .	Pres
It combines elements of Byzantine , Romanesque , and Renaissance architecture with particular stylistic motifs .	Pres
Although summer doesn 't end until May , the city often receives heavy thundershowers in May , and humidity remains high .	Pres
The monsoon lasts from June to October , with moderate rainfall and temperatures ranging from 10 to 28 ° C ( 50 to 82 ° F ) .	Pres
Christians and Jains constitute a minority of the population .	Pres
On 1 August 2012 , Abbott again officially announced via his Twitter and Facebook feeds that the band was planning to release a third album .	Pres
" RamChandre Khola " , a stream , separates it from Khajurgachhi VDC .	Pres
The moths fly from April to May depending on the location .	Pres
She sends regular updates and reports larger problems to the leader of the Gang .	Pres
Abused women who hear about it narrate their stories to the group .	Pres
The major occupation of the people of the maharanijhoda is farming .	Pres
The clubs trace their emergence back to 1953 when CD Torrejon first was established .	Pres
modeFRONTIER encompasses tools for process automation and integration , design space exploration , multidisciplinary optimization , RSM modeling and virtual optimization , robustness and reliability .	Pres
It presents a simplified modeFRONTIER interface tailored to the needs of engine calibration , while exploiting its optimization technology	Pres
mFC automates the generation of tasks required at the engine test bench , generating optimal Engine Control Unit ( ECU ) maps .	Pres
Every year hundreds of thousands of devotees flock to this area to worship .	Pres
that mostly sell medicines to the people and also provide consultation related to medical conditions with the help of medical doctors who rotate on hourly basis .	Pres
Surunga has drinking water supply that is collected from underground water and treated before distributed to the taps in every house .	Pres
In more recent history Barbados comparatively is experiencing increased levels of immigration than some of its nearby neighbours in the Caribbean region .	Pres
Billing records and emails indicate Boulanger had 31 instances of lobbying contacts with the White House while at Greenberg .	Pres
Isotopes with mass numbers at or above 97 are also known to have minor decay paths of β delayed neutron emission .	Pres
Yttria stabilizes the cubic form of zirconia in jewelry .	Pres
Researchers are studying a class of materials known as perovskites that are alternative combinations of these elements , hoping to develop a practical high-temperature superconductor .	Pres
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) limits exposure to yttrium in the workplace to 1 mg / m over an 8-hour workday .	Pres
The results also indicate that the main effect of tax cuts on the government budget is to induce subsequent legislated tax increases . "	Pres
It crosses several other major streets such as the Vasil Levski Boulevard and Georgi Rakovski Street .	Pres
After the world wars the boulevard 's appearance changed significantly .	Pres
DoN CAF also maintains an extensive database of its security decisions and provides overall operational support to the Navy ’ s personnel security program .	Pres
During a merger the kinetic energy of colliding objects heats the gas between subclusters , causing marked variations in gas temperature .	Pres
The relatively cool central area suggests that the heating caused by previous shock fronts missed the central core , interacting instead with the surrounding gas .	Pres
The ferry crosses the Kennebecasis River , linking Millidgeville on the southern bank , to Summerville on the Kingston Peninsula .	Pres
The multimedia Quilt Treasures Project develops “ web portraits ” built from video-taped oral history and supporting archival materials .	Pres
These web portraits document the lives , work , and influence of leaders of the American quilt revival of the last quarter of the 20th century .	Pres
The Quilt Index digitally preserves the collections and makes them accessible and searchable for research and teaching .	Pres
Based at Tooting Bec Lido , South-West London , the club swim outdoors all year round .	Pres
He also writes a weekly blog analyzing the entrepreneurs appearing on the Shark Tank TV show .	Pres
The EAU maintains close contacts with national urology organisations who represent the interests of urologists at a national level worldwide .	Pres
The European Association of Urology Nurses ( EAUN ) aims to contribute to the development of higher standards of urology nursing in Europe .	Pres
The EAU organises congresses and courses in the field of urology .	Pres
The EAU Section Office aims to develop specialist sections covering all sub- and super-specialist fields of urology .	Pres
We expect that national CME systems will become obligatory in Europe in the near future .	Pres
The EUSP stimulates clinical and scientific research across Europe and encourages exchange of expertise and knowledge between European urologists .	Pres
The EAU produces several publications that help to disseminate the latest news from the Association .	Pres
The journal publishes peer-reviewed original articles and topical reviews on a wide range of urological issues .	Pres
Another initiative from the ESU involves standalone events covering recent developments , for example the annual European Urology Forum in Switzerland .	Pres
The EAU supports residents in terms of registration , travel and accommodation .	Pres
Faulkner refuses the offer but recommends John Haddad ( Scott Glenn ) to them as a substitute .	Pres
Later network executives Kathy and Michael Lukas hire Haddad to free Hess and get him safely out of West Berlin .	Pres
When Haddad arrives in West Berlin he stakes out the outside of Spandau Prison as a jogger while being spied on .	Pres
He drafts plans of the outside of the prison including guard towers and entrances .	Pres
The next day Haddad joins a construction team and sneaks away to get into the prison guard entrance .	Pres
Carefully eluding the guards by studying their timed patrols he drafts floor plans of the hallways and cell blocks .	Pres
Reed-Henry questions Haddad but to no avail ; he leaves Haddad but suspects he is there to rescue Hess .	Pres
Haddad enlists his old mercenary comrade Colonel Alex Faulkner to watch his back .	Pres
Once again Stroebling 's thug 's attempt to kill Haddad , but this time Faulkner helps him kill all but one of them .	Pres
Murphy , an ex-warden at Spandau prison , informs Haddad of the prison routine and helps make the mercenaries look like British Royal Military Police .	Pres
Haddad refuses and Stroebling leaves , frustrated .	Pres
Murphy shoots Hourigan dead , putting Haddad in a dilemma over Kathy 's existing safety .	Pres
Moments later Haddad kills the guards and rescues Kathy .	Pres
He accepts execution via being shot with his own pistol from his superiors as his punishment .	Pres
The film opens with a dedication to the previous film 's lead actor Richard Burton , followed by a brief summary of that film .	Pres
The A69 road used to pass through the village but now bypasses the village just to the north .	Pres
There Are 9 Ward in Raikwar Bichawa VDC .	Pres
Settipani suggests that he may have been the father of the emperor Olybrius	Pres
The 1613 publication of the Gesualdo madrigals was ground-breaking because it presented Gesualdo 's music in full score as opposed to partbook format .	Pres
This 2500-bed hospital mainly looks after the surgical diseases and caters for all ranks of the Armed Forces .	Pres
The General Medical Council of UK recognizes the hospital for postgraduate training in different surgical fields .	Pres
Both terms emphasize that the attention is typically on the honoree who actually drops the puck rather than on the vying for it .	Pres
Medieval Scottish seals afford numerous examples in which the 13th and 14th century shields were placed between two creatures resembling lizards or dragons .	Pres
Additionally , the squadron deploys to support fighter syllabus / operational training requirements for Dissimilar Air Combat Training .	Pres
The title translates to " The Dance of the Shadows . "	Pres
She was carrying a cargo of fish and personnel .	Pres
Moriah is facing an aging congregation and tackling the job of finding younger members " .	Pres
More and more people are attending services regularly .	Pres
Instead , each issue develops its own theme through submissions .	Pres
It applies the study of astrology to medicine .	Pres
They associate various stars , or zodiac signs with the functioning of the human body .	Pres
The twelve astrological signs contribute to each part of the body from head to toe .	Pres
Peoria architects Hewitt & Emerson designed the building , which cost $ 150,000 .	Pres
It produces and performs 9 operettas and musicals during a 9 week season each summer with performances taking place in Falmouth 's historic Highfield Theatre .	Pres
It establishes the concept of Portability as a requirement for Enterprise Master Data , and the concept that true Enterprise Master Data is unique to each organization .	Pres
This updates the previous recording by Francisco .	Pres
The album comprises 18 tracks with a love oriented theme .	Pres
The abnormally long period of time he held this post , and the extended imperial absence , indicate that he was a trusted imperial subordinate .	Pres
When Henry West was named as Baltimore City ’ s superintendent , he chooses Weglein to be assistant superintendent .	Pres
Herman faces three felony charges , including resisting law enforcement with a vehicle and battery against law enforcement , and a misdemeanor charge of child neglect .	Pres
According to an incident report issued by the Dekalb County Sheriff Department , Herman was speeding on I-69 with no headlights or taillights on .	Pres
We define formula _ 29 as formula _ 30 .	Pres
To see this , we note that	Pres
A violation of the Leggett – Garg inequality implies that at least one of these two assumptions fails .	Pres
Serbian Duke Lazar in 1389 refuses to obey the Turk Sultan Murat who intends on invading Serbia with an army in order to conquer Europe .	Pres
Everyone fit for battle is sent to Kosovo .	Pres
As of August 2017 , UEPB maintains its headquarters and only office at : 2nd Floor , UEDCL Tower , 37 Nakasero Road , Kampala , Uganda .	Pres
This is one of only three Merrie Melodies cartoons to star Foxy ; the other two are " Lady , Play Your Mandolin ! "	Pres
IRRC commissioners and staff exercise their expertise , authority , and independence to engage in ongoing and effective review and oversight of regulations .	Pres
Ultimately , IRRC assists the Governor and the General Assembly by encouraging the resolution of objections to regulation .	Pres
They inhabit fresh and brackish water in Australia , New Guinea and nearby smaller islands .	Pres
The film relates the story of a surgeon ( Doctor Pārsā ) who returns to Iran after living in Germany for 33 years .	Pres
Arriving in Tehran , Doctor Pārsā performs a heart operation on the nephew of the family friend Mr Ghanāti .	Pres
Mr Ghanāti urges him to travel with him to his home town , Bam .	Pres
MoFPED supervises the following government agencies :	Pres
Drake feels embarrassed about his new stepbrother at first , but grows to accept Josh .	Pres
Despite his arrogance and selfishness , Drake still redeems himself by doing the right thing .	Pres
Unlike Drake , Josh often stresses over school a lot and uses his common sense , often repeating things for emphasis when anxious .	Pres
She is usually telling the boys to try not to be so immature .	Pres
She upsets her husband Walter because of her preference to Bruce Winchill , his rival weatherman .	Pres
As a result , he lacks the respect of his stepchildren , who refer to him by his first name .	Pres
When Megan calls him by his first name , he always asks " When did she start calling me Walter ? "	Pres
and Audrey replies " I don 't know . "	Pres
A running gag involves a rivalry between him and Bruce Winchill , an unseen weatherman from another station .	Pres
Megan often references a best friend named Janie and often refers to her older brothers as " boobs . "	Pres
Drake often mistakes Eric for Craig .	Pres
She adores Drake , but dislikes Josh despite the hard work he puts in at the theater .	Pres
He normally declines doing it himself when Josh asks if he would do it .	Pres
He then cleans up the mess himself - telling Josh " I got it " .	Pres
Meaning that even though Drake and Josh have graduated from Bellview High , Mrs. Hayfer still hates Drake .	Pres
In the season 2 finale " Honor Council " , Josh mentions her full name as being Alice Hayfer .	Pres
She loves Josh and Megan , but she hates Drake .	Pres
She also owns a beach-house , which the family wants to receive .	Pres
Sammy considers Josh to be the coolest guy ever , something that most characters think about Drake .	Pres
When the boys try to wake him up , Josh accidentally sprays him out of the helicopter with the fire extinguisher .	Pres
A talent agent sees them and decides to give them their own TV show , a comedy about two brothers .	Pres
She dumps Drake when she found out about the bet , thinking Drake is just using her .	Pres
He then proves to her that he can be honest and they continue dating .	Pres
Drake flirts with other girls in subsequent episodes such as " Tree House " .	Pres
This line-up introduces David as a vocalist as well as guitarist .	Pres
The Holy See also recognizes the State of Palestine , the only other non-UN member it recognizes besides Taiwan ( ROC ) .	Pres
The Holy See sends a delegate to the Arab League in Cairo .	Pres
He also notices the YIP tattoo on Tommy 's arm .	Pres
While trying to find Tommy , he witnesses a shootout where one of the gunmen has a YIP tattoo .	Pres
After sleeping together , Barnes learns Jackie is a lawyer for YIP and tells her he wants to get into the organization to rescue Tommy .	Pres
One of Carlos ' henchmen sees Barnes enter the police station and informs Carlos , who now believes him to be an FBI agent .	Pres
Barnes escapes but is quickly kidnapped by the henchmen .	Pres
Barnes finally manages to punch Carlos down into the elevator pit , killing him .	Pres
The police arrest the rest of the YIP members and Barnes drives away with Tommy in a police car .	Pres
Since 1987 , Canada has been utilizing their cabled observatory called North Pacific Time-Series Underwater Experiment ( NEPTUNE ) .	Pres
Bentley co-wrote most of this album 's songs along with both Brett and Jim Beavers , the latter of whom is Brett 's brother .	Pres
The film explains the French Revolution of 1848 .	Pres
This action generates gravity for the crew and prevents them from having to spend the six-month trip in zero-gravity conditions .	Pres
AFA teaches from a Christ-centered , biblical worldview .	Pres
The teachers further utilize the methods in John Milton Gregory 's book " The Seven Laws of Teaching . "	Pres
As a " community " station , the entity relies heavily on local volunteers .	Pres
Offers direct access to a growing collection of Iberoamerican online journals offering full text articles .	Pres
WoRMS maintains valid names of all marine organisms , but also provides information on synonyms and invalid names .	Pres
Balaji currently resides in the Scarborough district of Toronto , Ontario .	Pres
The Geographic Names Information System lists several alternative names : Ellens Isle , Grant Island , Grave Island , and Hoska Island .	Pres
As early as 1629 , the Dutch East India Company was carrying some passengers on the ill-fated " Batavia " from Texel in Holland to Java .	Pres
For this last Jansch accompanies himself on the banjo rather than the steel-string acoustic guitar which he uses elsewhere .	Pres
Currently , the Department of Latin-American Bibliography contributes to the production of two other Latin-American information products :	Pres
Tweety and Granny arrive at their hotel in Venice , Italy .	Pres
As Tweety is singing “ Santa Lucia ” and strumming his mandolin in his cage , Sylvester spies him from his balcony across the canal .	Pres
He climbs out and finds a canoe and starts rowing , but forgets to loosen it from the rope .	Pres
After he cuts the rope , he sinks with the canoe .	Pres
The raft floats back to the dock with Sylvester as the air leaks out , and Sylvester removes the deflated raft from his hind quarters in disgust .	Pres
Sylvester wrestles his way out and swims hurriedly away .	Pres
As Tweety and Granny are taking a relaxing gondola ride along the canal , Sylvester is awaiting them on a bridge with a fishing rod .	Pres
Granny clutches Sylvester 's noose of pasta and substitutes a mallet in Tweety ’ s place .	Pres
Effects of society in transition are most affecting to those without adequate economic resources .	Pres
Despite them having very successful youth teams , both the Curragh and Old Kilcullen clubs were struggling a great deal because of those players moving away .	Pres
In " Tort Theory " , Lakshman Marasinghe posits that " quasi-delict " , a doctrine in civil law jurisdictions , exists as well in common law .	Pres
Malta recognizes quasi-tort as a third type of liability .	Pres
Lakshman suggests there may be scholars who have viewed certain recently created torts , such as negligent infliction of emotional distress , as quasi-torts .	Pres
The Commission comprises five members : a Chair who is elected county-wide and four Commissioners who are elected to represent geographic districts .	Pres
Multnomah County owns and maintains several bridges on the Willamette River .	Pres
David Neumeyer and others regard the " Lilacs " Requiem as Hindemith 's " only profoundly American work . "	Pres
The voting preference of a neighbourhood tends to be formed by consensus , where people tend to vote with the general trend of the neighbourhood .	Pres
All of these experiments seem to lend some credence to the models that Cox theorized and Miller formed .	Pres
On passage through the heavy oak west door the visitor enters a very small porch with barely enough room for two people before a second timber door .	Pres
The north wall bears a large painting of a memori morte , a recumbent skeleton designed to remind the congregation of their own mortality .	Pres
This feeling escalates when Liz meets Jamie 's mother ( Laura Berrios ) .	Pres
Frank Rossitano ( Judah Friedlander ) develops a crush on Jamie .	Pres
Meanwhile , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) helps Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) to coach a Little League Baseball team .	Pres
Liz agrees and goes on a successful date with Jamie ; the pair agree to go on a second date .	Pres
Later , Frank realizes that the only man he is attracted to is Jamie and decides that he is in fact not gay .	Pres
Jenna breaks up with Aidan when he starts to annoy her by wearing heelies and playing portable video games and acting like Jenna is his mother .	Pres
Knuckle Beach happens to be " the worst neighborhood in New York " .	Pres
It marks the return of Hindi superstar Amitabh Bachchan in Bhojpuri Cinema after a brief cameo in Sujit Kumar 's 1984 movie Paan Khaye Saiya .	Pres
Tracks 16 through 19 are featured videos from the album .	Pres
The Movement defines itself as follows :	Pres
They are perpetrating this ruse to collect on the £ 50,000 life insurance money from the Excelsior Insurance Company .	Pres
He eventually divulges that he is Excelsior 's agent , Stephen Maddox , who states he is in Málaga on holiday .	Pres
He asks her out for dinner which she politely declines .	Pres
After an argument , they agree to get away from Stephen by spending the week in a town down the coast until the bank draft is completed .	Pres
Stephen notices Rex by the car he saw Stella previously drive .	Pres
Then , Rex decides to keep Stephen close so that they can find out exactly how much he knows or suspects .	Pres
Rex believes that in simulating only a casual relationship between the two of them , Stephen might be more willing to open up to her .	Pres
Believing that , Rex " accidentally " drops the camera in the water .	Pres
Stephen catches her in his room before she can read the notebook 's contents , and Stella implies that she was in his room to seduce him .	Pres
She now realises that he knows nothing about their scam and that his interest in them is purely as a man wanting a woman .	Pres
He rushes off in order to return Stella 's earring .	Pres
Stella initially believes Stephen has come for her , but Stephen shows Stella the earring .	Pres
She thinks this could get her into trouble with Rex if he finds out .	Pres
Rex , seeing Stephen 's car go off the road , believes he has been successful .	Pres
Two road workers witness the event , and are able to save Stephen , whose car slid only a small distance down the hill .	Pres
Stephen believes Rex tried to run him off the road out of jealousy , since he thinks Stella told him about their tryst .	Pres
Rex , with a hysterical Stella as his passenger , drives off toward the Gibraltar border .	Pres
When Rex figures out what is going on , he notices that Stella has run off into the crowd with the bank draft .	Pres
He jumps back into the car and drives off into the crowd chasing after her .	Pres
Rex eventually catches up with Stella in a crowded church .	Pres
He stops as he realises what he is doing .	Pres
Stephen refuses to press charges against either Rex or Stella , still believing Rex ’ s actions were out of jealousy .	Pres
St Peter 's in West Green predates the New Town , having been built between 1892 and 1893 to a design by architect W. Hilton Nash .	Pres
A genie , Hakushon , and his daughter , Akubi , reside inside it .	Pres
The lakes lie on Trail 1802 .	Pres
The school 's football field , however , extends the campus north to E. 49th Street along S. Lake Park Avenue .	Pres
Kenwood competes in the Chicago Public League ( CPL ) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association ( IHSA ) .	Pres
Gates was riding high with both Republic and Tennessee Coal and Iron doing well with more orders that both could fill .	Pres
He was suffering from a kidney ailment and diabetes and needed to take time away from the town 's business when either flared up .	Pres
The song borrows a 4-bar melody from the Missy Elliott and Rockwilder 's remake of " Lady Marmalade " .	Pres
Some blades incorporate a guthook .	Pres
He also sang with " Collegium Regale , " the modern-day equivalent of The King 's Singers at King 's College , and Cibus Amoris .	Pres
They divide their time between a home in London and family in the US and New Zealand .	Pres
Both the Legislative Assembly and Executive Council sit in the same chamber .	Pres
The protruding bill and distinct brow ridges enhance the hawk-like appearance of the species .	Pres
The wing chord length further illustrates slight sexual dimorphism in favor of the male , with the male measuring and the female measuring .	Pres
They prefer wetter , more timbered areas such as sclerophyll forests .	Pres
The powerful owl typically flies in a slow and deliberate way on its large wings .	Pres
At daytime perches , it occasionally wakes to consume food until leaving the roost in the evening .	Pres
When food is scarce , territories tend to be larger .	Pres
Many feel that there is not enough information in the designs to construct a building that reflects the architect ’ s intent .	Pres
Mackintosh would not have been designing for the inclusion of a cafe and gallery , so the appearance would have been different .	Pres
However , some scholars argue that there was evidence for a fragmentary resource-based theory from the 1930s .	Pres
RBV proposes that firms are heterogeneous because they possess heterogeneous resources , meaning firms can have different strategies because they have different resource mixes .	Pres
RBV focuses attention on an organisation 's internal resources as a means of organising processes and obtaining a competitive advantage .	Pres
The resource-based view suggests that organisations must develop unique , firm-specific core competencies that will allow them to outperform competitors by doing things differently .	Pres
The sustainability of any competitive advantage depends on the extent to which resources can be imitated or substituted .	Pres
In the resource-based view , strategists select the strategy or competitive position that best exploits the internal resources and capabilities relative to external opportunities .	Pres
Barney defines firm resources as : " all assets , capabilities , organizational processes , firm attributes , information , knowledge , etc .	Pres
In the resource-based view , strategists select the strategy or competitive position that best exploits the internal resources and capabilities relative to external opportunities .	Pres
Cale currently resides in Los Angeles , where she performs volunteer work for her church .	Pres
The statue is wearing a crown , the face is long , and the ears are slightly hidden by the long hair .	Pres
The elbow is resting on the head of a young boy .	Pres
Valverde throws just two pitches , a four-seam fastball ( 93 – 96 mph ) and a forkball ( 84 – 87 ) .	Pres
He throws a slightly higher percentage of forkballs to left-handed hitters .	Pres
This balances a dominating 10.3 strikeouts per nine innings ratio .	Pres
He frequently celebrates outs and saves very demonstratively .	Pres
Specifically , it binds receptors of cells that comprise the distal tubules of the kidneys which then stimulate ion channels to conserve sodium and excrete potassium .	Pres
These hormones regulate the processing of proteins , fats , and carbohydrates by the human body .	Pres
The structures of different steroids differ by the types and locations of additional atoms on a cholesterol backbone .	Pres
The synthesis of adrenocortical steroid hormones involves a chain of oxidation-reduction reactions catalyzed by a series of enzymes .	Pres
Treatment for Cushing ’ s syndrome aims to reduce the high levels of cortisol circulating through the human body .	Pres
The course of action ultimately depends on the cause of the hypersecretion .	Pres
The experience of psychological stress activates transcription factors that activate genes .	Pres
In them , the optic nerve approaches the receptors from behind , so it does not create a break in the retina .	Pres
The white-footed dunnarts mate in summer .	Pres
Declassified records indicate a total of 1,083 W78s were produced .	Pres
Most songs from the first half incorporate horn samples to create " gritty and old " sounds .	Pres
The first half disc incorporates strong elements from hip hop , urban , blending traditional and contemporary R & B .	Pres
The three follow-ups " Oh Mother " , " On Our Way " , and " Without You " are piano ballads .	Pres
Tongil Daebul sits with legs crossed and half-closed eyes in meditation , his lips displaying a perceptible smile .	Pres
He also undertook the large scale construction projects of building Suwon 's Hwaseong Fortress and Hwaseong Haenggung Palace near Yongjoosa .	Pres
Yongjoosa preserves a long history of cultural heritage and a tradition of vigilant Buddhist practice .	Pres
On the other hand , monks in Yongjoosa are introducing the wisdom of Buddha through missionary work .	Pres
Nationwide , the Army National Guard comprises approximately one half of the US Army 's available combat forces and approximately one third of its support organization .	Pres
The Maine Guard also bestows a number of state awards for local services rendered in or to the state of Maine .	Pres
The Rosemount-based 34th Infantry Division oversees the training and operations of eight National Guard brigades in six different states .	Pres
Minnesota 's National Guard traces its beginning to these early militia companies .	Pres
The 17 percent increase in personnel during the past two years reflects Nevada as one of the fastest-growing of the Guard states and territories .	Pres
This heterocycle reacts with iron carbonyls to form CHNFe ( CO ) .	Pres
It comprises the New Mexico Army National Guard and the New Mexico Air National Guard .	Pres
A canal penetrates more than halfway into Mound Key , passing between two mounds and ending in a roughly rectangular pool .	Pres
The Military Department of South Carolina oversees the National Guard ( Army and Air ) , state civil defense agencies and the South Carolina State Guard .	Pres
The first Catholic priests to visit the area that is now Camden were Jesuit priests from Old St. Joseph 's Church in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .	Pres
The South Dakota Army National Guard maintains and operates 24 armories , and in 22 different communities .	Pres
It comprises both Army ( OKARNG ) and Air ( OKANG ) National Guard components .	Pres
During peacetime each state National Guard answers to the leadership in the 50 states , three territories and the District of Columbia .	Pres
During national emergencies , however , the President reserves the right to mobilize the National Guard , putting them in federal duty status .	Pres
While federalized , the units answer to the combatant commander of the theatre in which they are operating and , ultimately , to the President .	Pres
The Army National Guard exists in all 50 states , three territories and the District of Columbia .	Pres
It responds to state and national emergencies , military conflicts and natural disasters , and conducts search and rescue operations .	Pres
The company owns a fleet of seven vehicle-passenger ferries and a single high-speed , passenger-only ferry , the " Sea Jet I " .	Pres
The company annually invests substantially in fleet improvements and major upgrades .	Pres
The League handles all of the logistics of the AIDS Action Day , including scheduling workshops , collaborating with outside organizations , and planning social action initiatives .	Pres
The book discusses voodoo and other paranormal phenomena which the author claimed to have witnessed or heard about second-hand while he was in Jamaica .	Pres
Sources differ regarding the total number of units produced , though the figure is known to be either 350 or 530 .	Pres
It weighs , almost pounds heavier than the W80 .	Pres
Cisco Networking Academy prepares students to take the CCNA certification exam .	Pres
The adjutant general oversees preparations for out-of-state deployments when the National Guard is federally mobilized .	Pres
The AG also directs the Guard 's activities within the state when on state active duty .	Pres
It comprises the West Virginia Army National Guard and the West Virginia Air National Guard .	Pres
In addition , he coordinates and oversees all Joint Staff functions within the Wyoming National Guard and serves as the Deputy Adjutant General .	Pres
We die , but only a work is left as a present ” .	Pres
The inscriptive plaque above it indicates the architect and the construction time of the mausoleum which is in Kufic-style .	Pres
Omar , Osman , Ali words intersect with each other , forming 6 , 8 and 10 pointed stars and surround the word “ Allah ” .	Pres
The Cherry Hill East Music Department is award-winning .	Pres
The book examines the history of the Cushite civilization of Africa .	Pres
It reacts with many metals to form tellurides .	Pres
" Pepper " opens with the chorus guitar riff , slowed down to half speed .	Pres
The play dramatizes the character of the author 's primary caregiver when he was growing up in Lackawanna , New York , during the 1950s and 1960s .	Pres
He performs on-screen and has three songs featured on the soundtrack ( including a duet with Macy Gray ) .	Pres
They resemble impact craters formed by meteorites , but lack the heavy metal signature residues of space objects .	Pres
Only the younger of the two children , Ned , believes Robin 's story , largely because he reads about parallel universes in comic books .	Pres
The client in question was demanding more parking for SUV 's .	Pres
Dirk suggests that Robin 's generally curmudgeonly outlook is due to not having a happy family life like him .	Pres
Robin responds that he doesn 't need other people in his life and that the person he most respects is himself .	Pres
He decides that Leslie and the kids are ingenious squatters , but abandons that when he sees that " his " kitchen looks entirely different .	Pres
He then thinks that it is all an elaborate practical joke created by Dirk .	Pres
Robin engages a children 's entertainer for Ned 's birthday , who turns out to be comedian Arthur Smith .	Pres
Unfortunately his alter-ego 's problems with the Inland Revenue mean that he is told to either stop the business or pay all the back taxes he owes .	Pres
Her only encounter with him resulted in a trip to the hospital .	Pres
She abandons the home and leaves Robin in charge .	Pres
Maxine rejects Arthur , as she preferred the other one who rejected her .	Pres
The third series opens with England recovering from the devastating effects of the collision of universes .	Pres
This episode involves an adventure in a time anomaly where Robin and Leslie were imprisoned in a Surrey ruled by Americans , while Dirk was their .	Pres
" I Saw the Light ( Hank Williams song )	Pres
" I Saw the Light " is a country gospel song written by Hank Williams .	Pres
The second was " I Saw the Light " .	Pres
Administratively , the coast and the islands belong to Primorsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast .	Pres
They were combining traditions with modern tendencies , using the reggae beat along with high improvisation and jazz harmonies , primarily by horns and percussion .	Pres
It predates rocksteady and was the harbinger of Jamaican reggae and English Two-tone movement .	Pres
During the song 's bridge , multiple versions of vocalist Davey Havok are seen quoting the bridge 's lyrics , one by one .	Pres
Jones contribute on both O Line and D Line his freshman year .	Pres
In the event of a tie , a tiebreaker question determines who remains in the competition and who gets knocked out .	Pres
The station broadcast at 10,000 Watts sunrise to sunset at 740 kHz .	Pres
K-B-R-T radio broadcasts on an assigned frequency of 740 kilohertz with a power output of 10,000 watts by authority of the Federal Communications Commission .	Pres
" The Bottom Line " reaches most AM radios in California , since it is syndicated on KCBC 770 AM in the Sacramento / Bay Area region .	Pres
Ravinoff successfully convinces Rita to spurn Ranger Jim on the pretext that Jim will arrest Roberto .	Pres
Rita unhappily agrees to marry Ravinoff to prevent him from exposing Roberto as the Kinkajou .	Pres
At this point , the film switches into Technicolor .	Pres
During the wedding ceremony aboard Ravinoff 's private barge , Ranger Jim cuts the craft 's ropes so that it drifts north of the Rio Grande .	Pres
Chris resides in Oxford , Alabama with his wife , Lynne .	Pres
Adept at cooking , Crockett specializes in frying turkeys and his favorite food is tuna casserole melt .	Pres
He also enjoys water skiing .	Pres
Fascinated by that power , Zed aims to become a Shard Caster .	Pres
Cailet stays in Ostinhold as a relative of the Ostins .	Pres
Continuing from the end of ' The Ruins of Ambrai ' , the beginning sees little change in the characters ' circumstance .	Pres
As characteristic of her works , Melanie Rawn deftly handles the multiple story lines .	Pres
Whereas ' The Ruins of Ambrai ' established her world-building , ' The Mageborn Traitor ' extends it .	Pres
Rawn integrates the history with the plot .	Pres
Rawn spends much of her novels disputing this system , which may represent her concerns for issues in her contextual background .	Pres
However , in local motion planning , the robot cannot observe the target space in some states .	Pres
Grid-based approaches overlay a grid on configuration space , and assume each configuration is identified with a grid point .	Pres
Reward-based algorithms assume that the robot in each state ( position and internal state , including direction ) can choose between different actions ( motion ) .	Pres
If a path in the roadmap links S and G , the planner succeeds , and returns that path .	Pres
The experimental success of sample-based methods suggests that most commonly seen spaces have good visibility .	Pres
From this we learn that the Christians first prayed for themselves and for all manner of persons .	Pres
The Syrian use adds a prayer for " our religious kings and queens " after that for the patriarch and bishop .	Pres
The Antiochene Liturgy puts the whole of the Intercession after the words of Institution and the Epiklesis ; in Alexandria it comes before .	Pres
He then commemorates the living .	Pres
A very old tradition connects his name with at any rate , some important work about the Canon .	Pres
German Morin thinks that Nicetas , Bishop of Romatiana in Dacia , wrote it ( Rev .	Pres
These modifications seem to concern chiefly the parts of the Mass outside the Canon .	Pres
For the next , it proceeds northeasterly towards Birmingham , passing through the rural areas of the Black Belt .	Pres
After a long debate , they decide to call Osama bin Laden , their leader , to find out the exact amount .	Pres
After Verne Troyer is quickly thrown into a pit of chimpanzees , Richie shoots and kills Uncle Dave , then imprisons the Dude .	Pres
Bush sends a helicopter to save him and plans for the two to rendezvous .	Pres
The United States then launches thirty nuclear missiles at China and Pakistan each .	Pres
I urge independent exhibitors to contact us and book ' Postal ' !	Pres
Audiences have been expecting the film and I don 't think exhibitors should censor what gets played in U.S .	Pres
The maximum amount of family tax credit increases with the age and number of children .	Pres
The level of assistance to individual households depends on their income and on the number and age of children .	Pres
An abatement-free threshold of $ 36,350 exists .	Pres
This comprises effectively a 100 % withdrawal with earned income up to the set income-level .	Pres
Estimates suggest that Working for Families has reduced child poverty by 70 % since its introduction .	Pres
The case focuses on the In-Work Tax Credit and on the Child Tax Credit it replaced .	Pres
The Action Group are appealing the decision claiming the discrimination is not justified .	Pres
Maloney believes that " some women already working were probably increasing their hours worked in order to qualify for family assistance payments " .	Pres
Stage Three involves the final components of Working for Families implementation and applied from 1 April 2007 .	Pres
The increases apply from 1 October 2010 .	Pres
Vietnam limits foreign ownership of listed companies to 49 % .	Pres
The new coat of arms removes the colours blue and dark gold / orange and instead just uses the colours red and gold / yellow .	Pres
The station is currently automating from a computer located at the transmitter site .	Pres
WVCP broadcasts using HD radio technology .	Pres
Alberta 's Nakoda First Nation comprises three bands : Bearspaw , Chiniki and Wesley .	Pres
Historically part of Ayrshire , it nestles in the hills 3 miles east of Muirkirk , East Ayrshire , Scotland .	Pres
The loch car park now occupies its site .	Pres
Little of the original village exists .	Pres
It largely retains the gameplay of its predecessor , " Kid Icarus " for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) .	Pres
The player controls the young angel Pit , whose main weapon is a bow with an unlimited supply of arrows .	Pres
Unlike in " Kid Icarus " , the game 's levels scroll freely in all four directions , which enables the player to explore previously visited environments .	Pres
In the sacred chamber , the god Zeus presents Pit with additional physical strength depending on the number of enemies defeated .	Pres
After Pit has finished his training and defeated the guardians , the goddess equips him with the sacred treasures .	Pres
As in the Greek myth of Icarus , he flies too close to the sun and loses his wings .	Pres
When they venture out , they discover that they have become victims of time dilation and are now in the future .	Pres
( They later learn that the year is 2508 ) .	Pres
Elain ( Shirley Patterson ) , admires a shirtless Herbert Ellis , commenting that the astronauts are " more muscular than our men " .	Pres
He retrieves the astronauts ' confiscated pistols , but has to kill a man when he is caught in the act .	Pres
The active-duty wing , the 509th retains full " ownership " of the operational assets ; aircraft , maintenance facilities , etc .	Pres
Translation , active-duty and ANG pilots and maintainers fly B-2 missions and sustain the aircraft as though it were one unit .	Pres
This suggests the two structures may be homologous , sclerotia being vestigial cleistothecia that lost the capacity to produce ascospores .	Pres
The fungal spores germinate at the anthesis and grow down the pollen tube without branching any hyphae outward .	Pres
After two weeks of being infected by the fungus , the plant no longer generates the sugary liquid , and the fungus produces sclerotia .	Pres
The tree sclerotium develops over the years as the mycelium sucks the energy of the living tree .	Pres
It progresses into a cryptic and bleak spoken verse from Drummond and descends into a cacophony of samples from " The Monkees Theme " .	Pres
" I really don 't know why they chose me .	Pres
" Mu Mu Land looks a lot more interesting than Tennessee ...	Pres
But I wouldn 't want to live there . "	Pres
" I still maintain that this song deserves a place among the greatest artworks of the 20th century .	Pres
The account closes with a chapter on the conveyance of the " Fire of the Warharan " to Navsari .	Pres
The narrative then glosses over the next five or seven centuries ( both periods are mentioned ) .	Pres
In the subsequent three chapters , the account narrates the invasion by Islamic troops .	Pres
that marriages only be performed in the evenings , as the Hindus do .	Pres
Kenneth Lux , Ph.D. writes : " " God Speaks " is Meher Baba 's major book and it is famously difficult .	Pres
The journey winds up being one from God-unconscious ( " Beyond Beyond State of God " ) to God-conscious ( " Beyond State of God " ) .	Pres
Meher Baba writes that in Everything is also included the " Nothing " .	Pres
When all impressions arising from this association have been experienced and exhausted , the soul dissociates itself from that form and associates with the next stone species .	Pres
In the stone and metal forms , consciousness asserts itself through a recumbent , folded-up position in the gross world , with no voluntary motion .	Pres
In the fish form , consciousness asserts itself as a creature with voluntary movement in water , but still in a horizontal manner .	Pres
Throughout this process , every time the soul associates itself with a particular form , it collects through this medium impressions of the gross world .	Pres
This marks the beginning of its involution .	Pres
Finally when mental impressions have been exhausted , consciousness snaps its connection with Illusion and perceives the Soul directly .	Pres
In traversing it , the soul 's consciousness crosses six planes , the seventh being its final liberation from all illusion .	Pres
This new contact creates very strong desires to make use of this huge potential .	Pres
Having abstained from tampering with the energy of the fourth plane , consciousness enters the " fifth plane " , also described as the lower mental world .	Pres
With more involution consciousness enters the " sixth plane " , which is the higher mental world .	Pres
The soul here sees God " face to face " in everything and everywhere , but it cannot yet see God in itself .	Pres
When the soul has gained Self-consciousness , it merges with God in one of three distinct states :	Pres
As a whole , the book marks clear the at-one-ment of the essentials of the various historic religions in the light of the gnosis of the Sufis .	Pres
First presented in 2002 , the award honors the 1952 National League Rookie of the Year .	Pres
The award recognizes Black as the first African American player on the Washington Senators ( 1957 ) .	Pres
A concurrent side story focuses on humans affected by Eko 's scheme .	Pres
The story presents themes on the conflicts between cultural traditions and modern society , and the relationship between people .	Pres
Until he recovers all the parts , he assembles them into a katana to kill the " mikuras " .	Pres
The show maintains a serious tone and never indulges in slapstick , exaggerated facial expressions , or super deformed characters .	Pres
Dialogue tends to be short and viewers have to infer what is going on based on very little presented information .	Pres
The team equates " yōkai " with " qi " , humans with water , and agents of the city ( " karas " ) with blood .	Pres
After a cold open that announces Eko 's plan to remake Tokyo , the story moves ahead three years .	Pres
Sagisaka 's and Kure 's investigation brings them to the survivor of another attack , .	Pres
Sagisaka sacrifices himself to push his daughter away from Ushi-oni 's attack .	Pres
While " karas " from other cities observe the showdown between Otoha and Eko , Homura steps in to help Otoha .	Pres
Otoha carries out Nue 's request to kill him and his brother , depriving Eko of his new power source and stopping his entire scheme .	Pres
Confronting the depowered Eko on equal terms , Otoha finally defeats him .	Pres
While Hinaru stays behind in Shinjuku as it is being rebuilt , Kure and Yoshiko have had enough and leave for the countryside .	Pres
The show explores the relationship between technology and cultural traditions by personifying traditions as " yōkai " and " mikuras " .	Pres
The " mikuras " symbolize the five elements of Taoism .	Pres
This theme implies a vibrant city requires a healthy mix of technology and culture .	Pres
To encourage this and establish consistency between images based on 2D and 3D processes , the 2D drawings incorporate styles typically found in 3D models .	Pres
Editing teams in the industry normally time stretch the sequence with repeated still frames to produce these shots .	Pres
The story neither properly introduces them nor explains their backgrounds and motivations , making them hard to identify with .	Pres
Not only fire-fighters die because of fires .	Pres
He resides in Riverside , California .	Pres
Interplast still exists in Australia .	Pres
In 1939 another governmental decision relocates the Institute back to Moscow and the available buildings are given to Tomsk Milling-Elevator Technical School ( second organization ) .	Pres
The video jumps back in time and depicts Aguilera as her then newly-established alter ego Baby Jane .	Pres
The final product , her fifth album " Back to Basics " , comprises two discs .	Pres
Its instrumentation incorporates keyboards , guitar , drums , percussion , and horns .	Pres
Throughout the music video , Aguilera portrays her alter ego Baby Jane , a nickname that Nelly once gave her .	Pres
The video depicts a mix of styles from the 1920s , as well as modern .	Pres
In front of the bar , a man is smoking a cigarette .	Pres
In the next sequence , Aguilera wears a white and black outfit with a black-sequined beret , and continues dancing through the chorus .	Pres
At the bridge , she walks through the bar and finds her lover .	Pres
She pushes him down on a chair and pushes him away across the polished dance-floor .	Pres
As Worrall Avenue , it heads north through the easternmost portion of the city .	Pres
RCTV argues that no trial has been conducted that links the network to the coup attempt .	Pres
As it was argued the municipal council thus never ceases to operate even for elections , it could be considered a violation of section 4 .	Pres
Go-kart racing involves regional action in the United States of America while snowmobiles provide challenge for the game 's simulated winter months .	Pres
Latah County comprises the Moscow , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Pullman-Moscow , WA-ID Combined Statistical Area .	Pres
The county comprises the majority of the eastern portion of the Palouse , famous for its rolling hills and rich agriculture .	Pres
Census data indicates Lewisville became the county 's first incorporated village in 1904 .	Pres
Efforts to force White Bird 's band of Nez Perce tribesmen to the Nez Perce Reservation led to a battle at White Bird in 1877 .	Pres
Its county seat is Gooding .	Pres
A portion of Yellowstone National Park reaches into the county .	Pres
Elmore County comprises the Mountain Home , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Boise-Mountain Home-Ontario , ID-OR Combined Statistical Area .	Pres
Monida Pass also marks an east-west divide between Bitterroot subranges : the Beaverhead Mountains are to the west and the Centennial Mountains are to the east .	Pres
Because legislators rarely lose their seats , legislators representing Cassia County are often in leadership or chair committees .	Pres
The 1870 census lists a population of 144 for Soda Springs .	Pres
Settlement in the western portion of the county from Thatcher to Chesterfield was primarily ranching and farming operations up until 1880 .	Pres
It rises above the desert floor and was used as a landmark by pioneers .	Pres
Today , Bonneville County stretches up from two desert floors through a fertile valley of plush crops and into heavily forested peaks .	Pres
It wasn 't until 1911 that Bonneville County was formed and Idaho Falls became the County seat .	Pres
The lower – elevation communities of Horseshoe Bend ( Payette River ) and Boise ( Boise River ) were staging areas for the Boise Basin mines .	Pres
Bingham County comprises the Blackfoot , ID Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Idaho Falls-Rexburg-Blackfoot , ID Combined Statistical Area .	Pres
Its west boundary line abuts the east boundary line of the state of Washington .	Pres
Benewah County voters tend to vote Republican in the last several decades .	Pres
Bear Lake County comprises the state 's southeast corner .	Pres
Its east boundary line abuts the west line of the state of Wyoming and its south boundary line abuts the north line of the state of Utah .	Pres
Bannock County comprises the Pocatello , Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area .	Pres
Bannock County routinely elects more Democrats than Republicans to county-level offices .	Pres
In the interior Northwest east of the Cascade Range , Ada County ranks second in population behind only Spokane County , Washington .	Pres
He contrasts with his brother Rongo , the god of the kumara and all cultivated plants .	Pres
Rhizomes were dug in early summer and dried for use in the winter .	Pres
One day they lay on the beach , naked , as they were still innocent , with their legs in the sea .	Pres
Tongan American professional wrestler Taula Fifita performs under the ring name " HIKULEO " .	Pres
Tahaki throws coconuts at the old woman and when they hit her , her sight is miraculously restored .	Pres
He then proceeds to Hiva-nui , the land of the goblins , with a strong net called Tukutuhuraho-nui ( great spider ) .	Pres
Ensnaring the goblins , he beats them to death .	Pres
Their servant Lauamatoto ascends to heaven in order to find a bride suitable for Tafa 'i .	Pres
Because of their appearance , the goddess rejects them .	Pres
The next day when they are about to leave , she sees their true appearance and is distraught and chases after them .	Pres
Versions differ as to the cause of Māui 's annoyance with his brother-in-law .	Pres
Olopana flees to Wai ‘ anae where he ultimately loses to Kamapua ‘ a .	Pres
This upsets Kamapua ’ a , which then turned their conversation into an argument of insults to each other .	Pres
As Kamapua ’ a lives his life in the ocean , he still watches over his side of the island .	Pres
He ventures through the ocean in his new form the humu-humu-nuku-nuku apua ’ a .	Pres
He never steps foot on the island again because he doesn ’ t want to run into Pele .	Pres
Hawaiian myths and legends abound with such characters .	Pres
The latter form always possesses supernatural powers .	Pres
William Westervelt mentions the following classification for kupua :	Pres
Despite her secluded life , her writing reveals an uncanny grasp of the nuances of human behavior .	Pres
The myths indicates that Malara was looking for wives .	Pres
The names of the fire children differ in the various regions of New Zealand , simply because the name of the fingers differ .	Pres
" It bears no relation to anything I know .	Pres
Norton presents a Saturday morning show on BBC Radio 2 , featuring guest interviews and music .	Pres
Norton currently writes an advice column in " The Daily Telegraph " newspaper .	Pres
He owns a holiday home in Ahakista , County Cork and an apartment in New York City .	Pres
They hunt deer and bear , and their culture has much in common with the bear worship of the Ainu .	Pres
He hears from Matuku 's servant that at the new moon his master can be killed at the pool where he washes his face and hair .	Pres
He grabs him by the hair and kills him .	Pres
Judy Shepard speaks about her loss , her family memories of Matthew , and the tragic event that changed the Shepards ' lives and America .	Pres
When Pele quarrels with her powerful sister , Namaka , Namaka sends tidal waves to destroy Pele 's lands and homes .	Pres
When Pele causes a conflagration by staying too close to the fire god Lono-makua , Nāmaka drives her away ( Beckwith 1970 : 170 ) .	Pres
Another legend mentions that Nāmaka 's guardian dog , Moela is reduced to ashes when he touches Aukele ( Beckwith 1970 : 348 ) .	Pres
He judges newly dead souls after they pass through one of two caves : Cibaciba or Drakulu .	Pres
A few he sends to paradise Burotu .	Pres
At the time , Irish republicans were marking the 50th anniversary of the Easter Rising .	Pres
On 30 November 1968 , hours before a civil rights march in Armagh , Paisley and Ronald Bunting arrived in the town in a convoy of cars .	Pres
In an endnote , Reedy writes :	Pres
In this episode Ruatapu announces that in the eighth month he will take this form , and follow Paikea .	Pres
Slash fiction readers and writers tend to adhere closely to the canonical source of their fiction , and create a fandom for that particular source .	Pres
Many themes recur in the various versions .	Pres
In the thought experiment , a demon controls a small door between two chambers of gas .	Pres
In other words , Maxwell imagines one container divided into two parts , " A " and " B " .	Pres
It only keeps the ring from moving , however , if it is at " A " .	Pres
The atoms absorb low entropy photons from the laser beam and emit them in a random direction , thus increasing the entropy of the environment .	Pres
Many countries are phasing out its use in consumer applications due to concerns over its potential for misuse .	Pres
The industrial production of ammonium nitrate entails the acid-base reaction of ammonia with nitric acid :	Pres
Ammonium nitrate reacts with metal hydroxides , releasing ammonia and forming alkali metal nitrate :	Pres
Transformations of the crystal states due to changing conditions ( temperature , pressure ) affect the physical properties of ammonium nitrate .	Pres
Ammonium nitrate reacts with combustible and reducing materials as it is a strong oxidant .	Pres
With its supplements it comprises over eighty volumes .	Pres
The price and size of Pauly – Wissowa have always been daunting , and so between 1964 and 1975 the J .	Pres
The story depicts how the states of Wei ( ) and Shu ( ) , lack of material resources , avoided direct confrontation with the Wu .	Pres
It suggests that a small number of powerful , elite Chinese refugees from the Central Plain might have taken refugee in south of the Yangtze River .	Pres
Altitudes tend to be the highest to the south and west and the highest peak of the province , Huangmaojian Peak ( ) , is located there .	Pres
Most rivers carve out valleys in the highlands , with plenty of rapids and other features associated with such topography .	Pres
Hengdian belongs to Jinhua , which is the largest base of shooting films and TV dramas in China .	Pres
Its many market towns connect the cities with the countryside .	Pres
As of 1832 , the province was exporting silk , paper , fans , pencils , wine , dates , tea and " golden-flowered " hams .	Pres
Urban residents tend to be more fluent in Mandarin than rural people .	Pres
According to Manetho , ancient sources suggest the " white walls " ( Ineb-hedj ) or " fortress of the white wall " were founded by Menes .	Pres
During the Byzantine and Coptic periods the city gradually dwindled and finally dropped out of existence .	Pres
Surveys and excavations are still continuing at nearby Mit Rahina , and will likely add to the knowledge of the planning of the ancient religious city .	Pres
Archaeologists are still searching for remains .	Pres
The pharaoh wears the white crown of Upper Egypt , Hedjet .	Pres
Egyptian sources themselves tell of the palaces of the Old Kingdom rulers , some of which were built underneath major royal pyramids .	Pres
Ancient texts confirm that citywide development took place regularly .	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2018 ) :	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2017 ) :	Pres
It symbolizes the end of the liberty of the province .	Pres
These days , the entire territory is experiencing population growth because of economic development and tourism .	Pres
Grenoble concentrates around a third of the population of Dauphiné , and Valence is now the second largest Dauphiné metropolis .	Pres
Annually during a week in June , cycling fans in most European countries watch the prestigious road race in and around the Dauphiné area on live television .	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2017 ) :	Pres
If two X chromosomes are expressed and produced , it produces a female offspring .	Pres
Although mostly positive , cloning also faces some setbacks in terms of ethics and human health .	Pres
Confidence tricks exploit characteristics of the human psyche , such as credulity , naïveté , compassion , vanity , irresponsibility , and greed .	Pres
It typically aims to rob the victim of everything in his or her wallet .	Pres
In " Confessions of a Confidence Man " , Edward H. Smith lists the " six definite steps or stages of growth " of a confidence game .	Pres
It now rises to a height of 82 metres .	Pres
Outside the regular services the cathedral also supports all kinds of music both religious and secular .	Pres
As well as singing , choristers learn the piano and an orchestral instrument , spending at least eighteen hours a week on musical performance .	Pres
Thirteen thousand crosses adorn the field in front of the ossuary , which holds roughly 130,000 unidentified remains brought in from the battlefield .	Pres
Every year yields more remains , which are often placed inside the ossuary 's vaults .	Pres
Seahorses range in size from .	Pres
The armor of bony plates also protects them against predators , and because of this outer skeleton , they no longer have ribs .	Pres
They swim upright propelling themselves by using the dorsal fin .	Pres
Seahorses swim very poorly , rapidly fluttering a dorsal fin and using pectoral fins ( located behind their eyes ) to steer .	Pres
Anatomical evidence , supported by molecular , physical , and genetic evidence , demonstrates seahorses are highly modified pipefish .	Pres
The male carries the eggs for 9 to 45 days until the seahorses emerge fully developed , but very small .	Pres
They interact for about 6 minutes , reminiscent of courtship .	Pres
The female then swims away until the next morning , and the male returns to sucking up food through his snout .	Pres
The female inserts her ovipositor into the male ’ s brood pouch and deposits dozens to thousands of eggs .	Pres
Both animals then sink back into the sea grass and she swims away .	Pres
Seahorses exhibit four phases of courtship that are indicated by clear behavioral changes and changes in the intensity of the courtship act .	Pres
During this phase the potential mates brighten in colour , quiver , and display rapid side to side body vibrations .	Pres
It usually lasts nine minutes and can occur one to six times during courtship .	Pres
This hyperosmotic environment facilitates sperm activation and motility .	Pres
The male supplies the eggs with prolactin , the same hormone responsible for milk production in pregnant mammals .	Pres
Throughout gestation , which in most species requires two to four weeks , his mate visits him daily for “ morning greetings ” .	Pres
When the fry are ready to be born , the male expels them with muscular contractions .	Pres
Less than 0.5 % of infants survive to adulthood , explaining why litters are so large .	Pres
This brings into question why the sexual role reversal even takes place .	Pres
To protect against losing a clutch , the female demands a long courtship .	Pres
However , many species readily switch mates when the opportunity arises .	Pres
With excellent camouflage and patience , seahorses ambush prey that floats within striking range , merely sitting and waiting until the appearance of an optimal moment .	Pres
During the preparatory phase , the seahorse slowly approaches the prey while in an upright position , after which it slowly flexes its head ventrally .	Pres
In the expansive phase , the seahorse captures its prey by simultaneously elevating its head , expanding the buccal cavity , and sucking in the prey item .	Pres
Coral reefs and seagrass beds are deteriorating , reducing viable habitats for seahorses .	Pres
Many eat only live foods such as brine shrimp and are prone to stress , which damages their immune systems and makes them susceptible to disease .	Pres
They eat frozen mysidacea ( crustaceans ) that are readily available from aquarium stores , and do not experience the stress of moving out of the wild .	Pres
Seahorses swim up and down , as well as using the length of the aquarium .	Pres
In terms of value based on weight , seahorses retail for more than the price of silver and almost that of gold in Asia .	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2018 ) :	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2017 ) :	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2017 ) :	Pres
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2017 ) :	Pres
The World Bank estimates the annual cost in 2013 to the Palestinian economy of Israeli occupation at $ 3.4 billion .	Pres
Israel still exercises full military control and , civil control over 61 % of the West Bank ( Area C ) .	Pres
Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem lacks international recognition by any country .	Pres
Palestinians regard East Jerusalem as the capital of the future Palestinian state .	Pres
The United States government considers the West Bank and Gaza as a single entity for political , economic , legal and other purposes .	Pres
The international community regards the West Bank as territories occupied by Israel .	Pres
The new status equates Palestine 's with that of the Holy See .	Pres
Article 47 of the Fourth Geneva Convention prohibits any change of status in occupied territory concluded through negotiations between the occupying power and local authorities under occupation .	Pres
Israel contends that the settlements are not illegal as the West Bank is considered a " disputed territory " under international law .	Pres
Israel asserts that these territories are not currently claimed by any other state , and that Israel has the right to control them .	Pres
Christians constitute about 1 – 2 % of population of Palestinian territories .	Pres
16.1 % of the population speaks Hebrew as their native language and Hebrew is also a second or third language to many other Palestinians .	Pres
Each sees itself as the administrator of all Palestinian Territories and does not acknowledge the other one as the official government of the territories .	Pres
A three-mile ( 5 km ) trail winds along the bank .	Pres
Upson County boasts the lowest average summer humidity in the state .	Pres
Inexpensive consumer electronics products , such as budget-priced Home theater in a box packages and low-cost boom boxes use lower quality passive crossovers .	Pres
Careful selection of materials used for the cone , whizzer and suspension elements determines the crossover frequency and the effectiveness of the crossover .	Pres
There , the HPF presents a low impedance to the signal , so the signal passes through the HPF , and appears at the lower Input terminal .	Pres
Thus , when a differential amplifier is used to extract this difference , its output constitutes the low pass filter section .	Pres
In the case of ( b ) , above , both speakers are required to operate at higher volume levels as the signal nears the crossover points .	Pres
Thomas County comprises the Thomasville , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Pres
Additional research suggests that the site instead was one visited in 1541 by the de Soto Expedition .	Pres
The Flint River marks the entirety of the county 's northeastern border .	Pres
A state park near his home in Crawfordville , Georgia bears his name .	Pres
For instance , Fulton County , the largest county by population in Georgia , gains $ 16.98 per capita in traffic ticket revenue .	Pres
In addition to Habitat 's socially impactful activities , Koinonia Partners publishes a bimonthly newsletter for the Prison and Jail Project promoting prisoner reform and education .	Pres
The ensuing conflicts ultimately resulted in most of the Creek people 's being driven out of the region .	Pres
Stephens County comprises the Toccoa , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area .	Pres
The Savannah River borders the eastern side of the county , and the Ogeechee River borders the southwest portion .	Pres
The Sheriff also protects the court , maintans the county prison , and provides administration services .	Pres
The county also boasts a large number of trout streams , including the Tallulah River and its tributaries , Coleman River and Charlies Creek .	Pres
Mountains dominate the topography of Rabun County .	Pres
Most notably , a portion of the Appalachian Trail winds through the county and the county is home to a portion of the Bartram Trail .	Pres
The Tallapoosa River originates in Paulding County .	Pres
The University of North Georgia maintains a satellite campus near Watkinsville .	Pres
Newton county adjoins Jasper County , Georgia : Georgia is one of many states that have a Newton County and a Jasper County that border each other .	Pres
The lake attracts fishermen , boaters and campers .	Pres
This reduces weight for a given amount of armour .	Pres
A balloon tank skin only handles tensile forces while compression is resisted by internal liquid pressure in a way similar to semi-monocoques braced by a solid frame .	Pres
Both Bertolt Brecht and Augusto Boal define their epic theatre projects ( non-Aristotelian drama and Theatre of the Oppressed , respectively ) against models of tragedy .	Pres
Taxidou , however , reads epic theatre as an incorporation of tragic functions and its treatments of mourning and speculation .	Pres
Here , he suggests the name originates in the use of a chorus of goat-like satyrs in the original dithyrambs from which the tragic genre developed .	Pres
While Greek tragedy continued to be performed throughout the Roman period , the year 240 BCE marks the beginning of regular Roman drama .	Pres
Seneca 's tragedies rework those of all three of the Athenian tragic playwrights whose work has survived .	Pres
They dwell on detailed accounts of horrible deeds and contain long reflective soliloquies .	Pres
" You emerge from tragedy equipped against lies .	Pres
After the musical , you 're anybody 's fool , " he insists .	Pres
He himself acknowledges that he 's a writer of tragedy and defines his work as such .	Pres
Exactly what constitutes a " tragedy " , however , is a frequently debated matter .	Pres
The text also suggests the notion of musical modes or jatis which are the origin of the notion of the modern melodic structures known as ragas .	Pres
Epiphytes differ from parasites in that epiphytes grow on other plants for physical support and do not necessarily negatively affect the host .	Pres
89 % of terrestrial epiphyte species ( about 24,000 ) are flowering plants .	Pres
However , not all asthma patients respond to corticosteroids and large sub groups of asthma patients are corticosteroid resistant .	Pres
P450scc catalyzes the first step of steroidogenesis that is cleavage of the side-chain of cholesterol .	Pres
In addition to steroidogenic enzymes , ACTH also enhances transcription of mitochondrial genes that encode for subunits of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation systems .	Pres
A family of related receptors mediates the actions of these hormones , the MCR , or melanocortin receptor family .	Pres
Despite a lull along the front after the Scheldt battles , the German situation remained dire .	Pres
The Allies were slowly pushing towards Germany , but no decisive breakthrough was achieved .	Pres
Historian Patrick K. O 'Donnell writes that on 8 December 1944 U.S. Rangers at great cost took Hill 400 during the Battle of the Hürtgen Forest .	Pres
" Kampfgruppe " Hansen was still struggling against bad road conditions and stiff American resistance on the southern route .	Pres
The panzer columns swung past on either side , cutting off Bastogne on 20 December but failing to secure the vital crossroads .	Pres
A team of volunteer surgeons flew in by military glider and began operating in a tool room .	Pres
US losses alone over the same period were similarly heavy , totaling 733 tanks and tank destroyers .	Pres
Blue-flowered species predominate in the Northern Hemisphere , with red-flowered species dominant in the Andes , where bird pollination is probably more often favored by natural selection .	Pres
It likes full sun , is fully hardy and flowers in late spring and summer .	Pres
A nonrigid blimp carries all of its passengers within a gondola .	Pres
Some modern designs instead pump lifting gas between the gas bags and storage cylinders .	Pres
PBY aircraft had been searching these waters but MAD required low altitude flying that was dangerous at night for these aircraft .	Pres
Four years later , this airship , which is designated " GA-22 " , still flies on an almost daily basis .	Pres
Airship Management Services owns and operates three Skyship 600 blimps .	Pres
Skycruise Switzerland AG owns and operates two Skyship 600 blimps .	Pres
These combine the structures of both hot-air balloons and small airships .	Pres
An impediment to the large-scale development of airships as heavy haulers has been figuring out how they can be used in a cost-efficient way .	Pres
This assumes standard air-temperature and pressure conditions .	Pres
The altitude at which an airship can fly largely depends on how much lifting gas it can lose due to expansion before stasis is reached .	Pres
As the airship ascends , the helium inflates with reduced outer pressure , and air is pushed out and released from the downward valve .	Pres
The evidence supports the proposition that this machine was captured by US troops at St. Leonhard im Pitztal , Austria in May 1945 .	Pres
Their High Attic linguistic style suggests a dating around the 6th century , possibly before the time of St. Romanos the Melodist .	Pres
Myrrh is fitting for the dead , but Christ has shown Himself a stranger to corruption .	Pres
The Catholic Church regards Good Friday and Holy Saturday as the Paschal fast , in accord with Article 110 of Sacrosanctum Concilium .	Pres
Along with observing a general Lenten fast , many Lutherans emphasize the importance of Good Friday as a day of fasting within the kalendar .	Pres
The Methodist Church commemorates Good Friday with fasting , as well as a service of worship , often based on the Seven Last Words from the Cross .	Pres
Some devotees engage in self-flagellation and even have themselves crucified as expressions of penance despite health risks and strong disapproval from the Church .	Pres
The Mojave language belongs to the River Yuman branch of the Yuman language family .	Pres
The food browns while also being heated by the microwave radiation and heated through conduction through contact with heated air .	Pres
Steamed vegetables tend to maintain more nutrients when microwaved than when cooked on a stovetop .	Pres
Microwave radiation also penetrates deeper than direct heat , so that the food is heated by its own internal water content .	Pres
That is , the liquid reaches a temperature slightly above its normal boiling point without bubbles of vapour forming inside the liquid .	Pres
This effect varies with the object 's shape and composition , and is sometimes utilized for cooking .	Pres
Microwaves generated in microwave ovens cease to exist once the electrical power is turned off .	Pres
In August 1939 , a trade embargo imposed by the United States is depriving a belligerent Japan of raw materials .	Pres
Influential army figures and politicians push through an alliance with Germany and Italy in September 1940 and make preparations for war .	Pres
At dawn on December 7 , the Japanese fleet launches its aircraft .	Pres
General Short 's anti-sabotage precautions prove a disastrous mistake that allows the Japanese aerial forces to destroy the U.S. aircraft on the ground with ease .	Pres
" , an error involves the model of .	Pres
Modern high performance CPU chip designs incorporate aspects of both Harvard and von Neumann architecture .	Pres
They tend to belong to a family that has been bourgeois for three or more generations .	Pres
Members of these families tend to marry with the aristocracy or make other advantageous marriages .	Pres
They belong to the upper class , and in the British class system are considered part of the gentry .	Pres
These families exude an aura of nobility , which prevents them from certain marriages or occupations .	Pres
They only differ from nobility in that due to circumstances , the lack of opportunity , and / or political regime , they have not been ennobled .	Pres
In the French language , the term " bourgeoisie " almost designates a caste by itself , even though social mobility into this socio-economic group is possible .	Pres
Yet , in English the definition of a white-collar job encompasses the " profession libérale " .	Pres
Two spatial constructs manifest the bourgeois mentality : ( i ) the shop-window display , and ( ii ) the sitting room .	Pres
Meanwhile , several very large Japanese manufacturing firms were entering the market .	Pres
Describing the Chemehuevi as she knew them , and presenting the texture of traditional life amongst the people , Carobeth Laird writes :	Pres
These clan organizations extend across all villages .	Pres
The village members decide the common name .	Pres
The HEDC oversees the Hopi Cultural Center and Walpi Housing Management .	Pres
These clan organizations extend across all villages .	Pres
Lancaster County voters tend to vote Republican .	Pres
The inscription reads ; " HERE LIES / OLIVER GOLDSMITH " .	Pres
Angelina spurns many wooers , but refuses to make plain her love for young Edwin .	Pres
" Quite dejected with my scorn " , Edwin disappears and becomes a hermit .	Pres
Edwin then reveals his true identity , and the lovers never part again .	Pres
In another manifesto they define themselves as " anti-anti-art " which is against anti-art and for art .	Pres
At the end of 2009 he was thinking of expanding " The Karachi Stuckists " with new members , but on 15 January 2010 he committed suicide .	Pres
These bromeliad invertebrates benefit their hosts by increasing nitrogen uptake into the plant .	Pres
It parses the input from Left to right , performing Leftmost derivation of the sentence .	Pres
During operation , the parser repeatedly replaces the symbol formula _ 42 on top of the stack :	Pres
We construct a parsing table for this grammar by expanding all the terminals by column and all nonterminals by row .	Pres
In each step , the parser reads the next-available symbol from the input stream , and the top-most symbol from the stack .	Pres
Thus , in its first step , the parser reads the input symbol ' ( ' and the stack-top symbol ' S ' .	Pres
In the second step , the parser removes the ' ( ' from its input stream and from its stack , since they now match .	Pres
The parsing table instructs it to apply rule ( 1 ) from the grammar and write the rule number 1 to the output stream .	Pres
The parsing table instructs it to apply rule ( 3 ) from the grammar and write the rule number 3 to the output stream .	Pres
It comprises a deep water basin , which then rises through a narrow slope into the shallower water above the continental shelves .	Pres
The International Hydrographic Organization defines the limits of the Bering Sea as follows :	Pres
Some evidence suggests that great changes to the Bering Sea ecosystem have already occurred .	Pres
A long record of carbon isotopes , which is reflective of primary production trends of the Bering Sea , exists from historical samples of bowhead whale baleen .	Pres
The Bering Sea supports many species of fish .	Pres
Marion County comprises the Ocala , FL Metropolitan Statistical Area .	Pres
( Limestone nurtures Kentucky 's noted Bluegrass Region . )	Pres
His published musical works were groundbreaking because of his ethnicity .	Pres
The names of the early members of the family indicate that a Frankish origin is much more likely .	Pres
Admiral intends to pass through enemy lines	Pres
Saumarez in " Orion " saw the danger to his friends and backed his sails to give covering fire .	Pres
" Excellent " fired broadsides into " San Nicolás " and then made sail to clear ahead .	Pres
Villechaize was suffering from chronic pain due to having normal-sized internal organs putting increasing pressure on his small body .	Pres
A Ming boundary stone still exists on the island .	Pres
Two parallel ranges of mountains traverse it from north to south , reaching .	Pres
Tym-Poronaiskaya Valley separates the two ranges .	Pres
Susuanaisky and Tonino-Anivsky ranges traverse the island in the south , while the swampy Northern-Sakhalin plain occupies most of its north .	Pres
The native inhabitants consist of some 2,000 Nivkhs and 750 Oroks .	Pres
It ranges from around on the northwest coast to over in southern mountainous regions .	Pres
In contrast to interior east Asia with its pronounced summer maximum , onshore winds ensure Sakhalin has year-round precipitation with a peak in the autumn .	Pres
The underwoods abound in berry-bearing plants ( e.g .	Pres
The rivers swarm with fish , especially species of salmon ( " Oncorhynchus " ) .	Pres
The Sakhalin Railway network extends from Nogliki in the north to Korsakov in the south .	Pres
The second consortium , Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd ( Sakhalin Energy ) , is managing the Sakhalin II project .	Pres
The origins of ITV lie in the passing of the Television Act 1954 , designed to break the monopoly on television held by the BBC Television Service .	Pres
The company broadcasts a centralised service under the ITV brand .	Pres
ITV plc hope to increase the amount of in-house programming to as close to the 75 % limit as possible .	Pres
The network broadcasts children 's programming under the CITV ( Children 's ITV ) strand .	Pres
Many countries were initiating voyages of scientific explorations at that time .	Pres
The novel " Landfalls " by Naomi J. Williams explores the Lapérouse expedition in depth .	Pres
The governmental jurisdiction of Hokkaido incorporates several smaller islands , including Rishiri , Okushiri Island , and Rebun .	Pres
( By Japanese reckoning , Hokkaido also incorporates several of the Kuril Islands ) .	Pres
By population it ranks 20th , between Ireland and Sicily .	Pres
The island tends to see isolated snowstorms that develop long-lasting snowbanks , in contrast to the constant flurries seen in the Hokuriku region .	Pres
Hokkaido celebrates its winter weather at the Sapporo Snow Festival .	Pres
Combined with high winds that occur during winter , this frequently brings air travel and maritime activity to a halt beyond the northern coast of Hokkaido .	Pres
The Hokkaido Prefectural Board of Education oversees public schools ( except colleges and universities ) in Hokkaido .	Pres
The Hokkaido proportional representation block elects eight Representatives .	Pres
Berry suggests that West Indies may have won the series had Viv Richards used a different tactical approach with Ambrose 's bowling .	Pres
He fires his favourite shaft , the family heirloom " Black Arrow " , and kills Smaug , who falls onto Lake-town , destroying it .	Pres
After the dragon 's death , Bard joins the survivors of the attack on Lake-town and discovers that they had thought him dead .	Pres
He redeems the Arkenstone from Bard with a fourteenth of the treasure , which is used to re-establish Dale .	Pres
Over the next three years , Bard rebuilds the city of Dale and becomes its king .	Pres
Bard 's reign lasts for thirty-three years .	Pres
Rateliff believes that Bard is the first character in Tolkien 's work to experience a happy fate , unlike Beren , Húrin , and Túrin Turambar .	Pres
The name also bears a remarkable similarity to the Slavic word for dragon , " smok " .	Pres
The dragon speaks with Received Pronunciation with an underlying growl ; Cumberbatch 's vocal performance was vocoded using alligator growls .	Pres
Swedish actor Mikael Persbrandt portrays Beorn in Peter Jackson 's " " and in its sequel " . "	Pres
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases .	Pres
The county marks part of the Delaware Valley 's northern border with the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania .	Pres
Early histories of the county indicate the origin of the county 's name as uncertain .	Pres
Heidrek knows the answer is the Sun , explaining ,	Pres
The County Probate Judge regulates business such as drivers , marriage licences , and voting .	Pres
This explains why most of the differences between Quebec French and Metropolitan French documented are marked as " informal " or " colloquial " .	Pres
Here the early Frenchmen were mostly coureurs des bois who intermarried freely with the First Nations before the first arrival of the filles du roi in 1663 .	Pres
Basically , these are dialects of Quebec French with a phonological from Acadian French , spoken in the St. Lawrence delta and Baie des Chaleurs area .	Pres
The so-called " new " dialects arose from colonization after 1760 which went on well into the late 19th century .	Pres
Ostiguy and Tousignant doubt whether Quebecers today would still have the same negative attitudes towards their own variety of French that they did in the 1970s .	Pres
In their syntax and morphology , Quebec French verbs differ very little from the verbs of other regional dialects of French , both formal and informal .	Pres
Nonetheless it also fit the general pattern of the time by hosting illusory views of the Communist party underestimating its totalitarian pretensions .	Pres
Red beds , which are colored by hematite , indicate an increase in atmospheric oxygen 2 billion years ago .	Pres
The late Archean Eon to Early Proterozoic Eon corresponds to a period of increasing crustal recycling , suggesting subduction .	Pres
2004 suggest that crust production happened episodically .	Pres
He sings and plays the harp , wears a gold chain , and has a long beard .	Pres
He wears a distinctive sky blue hood with a long silver tassel .	Pres
In the game the stronghold in the Ered Luin of the refugees from Erebor bears the name " Thorin 's Hall " in his honour .	Pres
The film adaptation adds to Thorin 's quest a personal vendetta against the orc Azog , who murdered Thorin 's grandfather , Thrór .	Pres
However some Turkologists argue that Cossacks are descendants of native Cumans of Ukraine , who lived there long ago before the Mongol invasion .	Pres
The oldest reference in the annals mentions Cossacks of the Russian principality of Ryazan serving the principality in the battle against the Tatars in 1444 .	Pres
Historian Leonid Futorianskiy disputes these recent claims .	Pres
He argues that during the preceding White Terror of the Krasnov regime , between 25 and 40 thousand Cossacks were killed .	Pres
Cossacks , particularly those in rural areas , tend to have more children than most other people in Russia .	Pres
One of Leo Tolstoy 's first novellas , " The Cossacks " , depicts their autonomy and estrangement from Moscow and from centralized rule .	Pres
They tend to be Christian , practising as Orthodox Christians or Old Believers .	Pres
Not everyone agrees that such initiates should be considered Cossack .	Pres
Others adopt Cossack clothing to try to take on some of their mythic status .	Pres
Three days later , Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw ( Laurence Harvey ) and Captain Bennett Marco ( Frank Sinatra ) manage to return to UN lines .	Pres
However , Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon , Allen Melvin ( James Edwards ) , has had the same nightmare .	Pres
When Melvin and Marco separately identify the identical two men from their dreams as leading figures in communist governments , Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate .	Pres
Shaw enters the convention hall disguised as a priest and takes up a sniper 's position high in its farthest reaches .	Pres
When the moment to shoot comes , Shaw , instead kills his mother and Senator Iselin .	Pres
As more hot air rushes in toward the developing vortex to replace the air that is rising , the spinning effect becomes further intensified and self-sustaining .	Pres
As the hot air rises , it cools , loses its buoyancy and eventually ceases to rise .	Pres
As it rises , it displaces air which descends outside the core of the vortex .	Pres
As the particles whirl around , they bump and scrape into each other and become electrically charged .	Pres
The dust devil itself ( the black spot ) is climbing the crater wall .	Pres
Most research suggests that democracies are more reliable allies than non-democracies .	Pres
During this battle , Thorin 's nephews Fíli and Kíli were slain , and Thorin himself was mortally injured and died shortly afterwards .	Pres
They often exaggerate make-up such as eyelashes for dramatic , comedic or satirical effect .	Pres
They vary widely by class , culture , and dedication , from professionals who star in films to people who try drag very occasionally .	Pres
Other drag performers , like RuPaul , seem to be completely indifferent to which pronoun is used to refer to them .	Pres
After World War I and World War II , the theatre and movie scenes were changing , and the use of pantomime dames declined .	Pres
Drag queens tend to go for a more exaggerated look with a lot more makeup than a typical feminine woman would wear .	Pres
Many parts of the drag show , and of the drag queens ' other intellectual properties , cannot be protected by intellectual property law .	Pres
While some male music celebrities wear exaggerated feminine clothing as part of their show , they are not necessarily drag queens .	Pres
For example , Boy George wears drag queen style clothes and cosmetics but he once stated he was not a drag queen .	Pres
The Parade brings this homosexual behaviour into the space .	Pres
Since then , TFP has been organizing the annual Metro Manila Pride March .	Pres
From 13 countries that participated , only Poland , Slovenia , Croatia , Romania and Latvia have been organizing Prides .	Pres
It usually opens on the Wednesday of Pride Week , culminating on the Saturday with a parade and Denmark 's Mr Gay contest .	Pres
Cologne Pride celebrates two weeks of supporting cultural programme prior to the parade taking place on Sunday of the first July weekend .	Pres
The Festival involves the Pride Parade , the route of which is from O 'Connell Street to Merrion Square .	Pres
The parade attracts thousands of people who line the streets each year .	Pres
Manchester Pride centres around the famous Canal Street and Is usually held about the 3rd weekend of August .	Pres
São Paulo Gay Pride Parade happens in Paulista Avenue , in the city of São Paulo , since 1997 .	Pres
In the Pride the city usually receives about 400,000 tourists and moves between R $ 180 million and R $ 190 million .	Pres
LGBT activists counter that traditional media have played a role in emphasizing the most outlandish and therefore non-representative aspects of the community .	Pres
A Turner Room on Level 41 of the main Hong Kong branch of HSBC commemorates his services to the bank .	Pres
Outside Japan , the company owns six branch offices .	Pres
A mini hydro-electric power station generates up to of electricity from the flow of the water leaving Lostock Dam .	Pres
The plant grows in the subalpine zone of the ravines of Mount Teide .	Pres
The novel employs a unique narrative style incorporating the spirit world with the " real " world in what some have classified as magical realism .	Pres
Still others choose to simply call the novel fantasy literature .	Pres
The book exploits the belief in the coexistence of the spiritual and material worlds that is a defining aspect of traditional African life .	Pres
Meanwhile , his father prepares to be a boxer after convincing himself and his family that he has a talent to be a pugilist .	Pres
His ink paintings , such as the Daitokuji triptych and " Six Persimmons " are regarded as essential Chan paintings .	Pres
It is galloping loudly with its head lifted , neck stretched , and beaks widely open .	Pres
A mother gibbon is sitting on a withered tree branch , holding a baby gibbon in her right arm while grasping the tree branch with her left .	Pres
Cude was eating his afternoon steak with his wife .	Pres
Each atom touches other twelve atoms .	Pres
It ranges from a hard gravel to a softer earth embedded with small stones .	Pres
Grading removes the corrugations , and reconstruction with careful choice of good quality gravel can help prevent them reforming .	Pres
Through the foundation , McKie also looks to host various activities with military families , to give back to those who serve their country .	Pres
The school maintains an 87 % pass rate on SOL end-of-course tests ; the mean SAT verbal and math score is 509 and 523 respectively .	Pres
A hydro-electric power station generates up to of electricity from the flow of the water leaving Windamere Dam .	Pres
That night , however , he dreams that he was doing the crossword puzzle with Monica , leading him to wonder if he finds her attractive .	Pres
Rachel is helping Ross shop for a new couch .	Pres
After he finds one he likes , he forgoes delivery charges by having her help him carry it the three blocks to his apartment .	Pres
He receives store credit in the amount of four dollars .	Pres
The group also owns the largest content-intensive web sites in Mexico : reforma.com , elnorte.com , and mural.com .	Pres
It owns the largest newswire service with Mexican information , Agencia Reforma .	Pres
First , the board members critique the content published in the section since the last time they met .	Pres
Who should the paper be interviewing ?	Pres
Are there any events that should be covered ?	Pres
Initially , sales demand was promising .	Pres
Gilmore and his wife , Rebecca , reside in Tampa , Florida with their children Grayson and Lilliana .	Pres
In the shorter Part Two of the dissertation , Kierkegaard compares Socratic irony with contemporary interpretations of irony .	Pres
They marry and have a child , Miles , who is physically handicapped as a result of exposure to a teratogen .	Pres
They acknowledge Mark as their son and , for a short time when Miles is MIA , the heir to the title of Count .	Pres
He then retires from the military .	Pres
Emperor Ezar dies , leaving Aral ( now married to Cordelia ) as regent for Ezar 's 5-year-old grandson Gregor Vorbarra .	Pres
Carl 's brother seeks vengeance through a poison gas attack , which deforms the fetus Miles .	Pres
Emperor Gregor appoints Aral and Cordelia co-viceregents of the planet Sergyar , which is being colonized by Barryar and terraformed .	Pres
Cordelia loves him , it seems , because of his painful regrets and his agonized desire to transcend the Vor code which prescribed his crimes .	Pres
With Cordelia , Aral accepts Miles and encourages him to develop military and personal ambitions .	Pres
The civil engineering laboratory on campus now bears his name .	Pres
The school boasts 19,262 students and is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges .	Pres
Joe Benigno credits Minko for teaching him to read at a third-grade level .	Pres
and " He rings the bell . "	Pres
Minko also co-hosts a weekly video blog called the " Minko Minute " with Evan Roberts .	Pres
They usually talk about whatever Mink wants at first then Evan asks Minko a love question .	Pres
It was also rather low for a sedan at 1320 mm ; with passengers often feeling the need to stoop to get into the car .	Pres
Due to extensive filling of the bay and the creation of the Berkeley Marina , it presently extends only .	Pres
Favourable reviews have also been forthcoming in low profile music magazines and websites .	Pres
Bold indicates the team also won the Constructors ' Championship ( awarded since ) .	Pres
Numbers in parentheses indicate championships won as the sole tyre supplier .	Pres
Surigaonons populate the eastern coastal plain of Mindanao , particularly the provinces of Surigao del Norte , Surigao del Sur and Dinagat Islands .	Pres
But Kierkegaard maintains it is the author 's job to make it " the same , and yet changed , and yet the same " .	Pres
Who may or not be telling the truth .	Pres
Plato and Kierkegaard may have been testing the reader 's ability to discern truth from fiction or poetry .	Pres
The inexperienced young man , for example , considers it to be simply disturbingly puzzling .	Pres
Afham wants to stop A from " moving restlessly from possibility to possibility [ because it ] will ultimately end in despair . "	Pres
In the preface he buys a writing desk in which there is a secret compartment containing the papers of A and B .	Pres
The manuscript proves to be the diary of a young man written much in the style of " Night Thoughts " by Edward Young .	Pres
He writes morning and evening thoughts that alternate between his guilt and his innocence .	Pres
But he sticks to his thesis with proof from Solomon 's dream .	Pres
He writes about what could be interpreted as accusations against himself regarding Regine Olsen .	Pres
And admits he 's " really no religious individuality ; I am just a regular and perfectly constructed possibility of such a person .	Pres
Kierkegaard understands that both men and women suffer from guilt and deception .	Pres
Paul Sponheim , in his introduction to Lowrie 's translation of " Stages " , compares the book with " Fear and Trembling " .	Pres
In 1988 Mary Elizabeth Moore discusses Kierkegaard 's method of indirect communication in this book .	Pres
Because he was still recovering , another officer was temporarily in command .	Pres
Three generations of female family members spend time together over an emotional weekend .	Pres
However , others speculate that the coprolite found at Cowboy Wash contains remains of Ancient Pueblo people who were killed and consumed by a cultural outsider .	Pres
Shinto priests themselves enter only to perform rituals .	Pres
The " honden 's " structure determines the shrine 's architectural style .	Pres
She immediately buys Joey a drum set , hoping to drive Rachel from the apartment , but Rachel finds them just as entertaining as he does .	Pres
An effort with a pet tarantula likewise fails .	Pres
It shelters in rocky terrain adjacent to feeding areas .	Pres
Blood was pouring more rapidly out of Darchinyan 's eyebrow afterward and the ringside doctor examined it .	Pres
Karay-a people speak the Karay-a language , also known as Kinaray-a .	Pres
" Clausula rebus sic stantibus " relates to changed circumstances only if they had never been contemplated by the parties .	Pres
It builds on a preceding step , called placement , which determines the location of each active element of an IC or component on a PCB .	Pres
After placement , the routing step adds wires needed to properly connect the placed components while obeying all design rules for the IC .	Pres
Routers therefore seldom attempt to find an optimum result .	Pres
This introduces many additional complications not faced by routers for other applications such as printed circuit board or multi-chip module design .	Pres
Particular difficulties ensue if the rules are not simple multiples of each other , and when vias must traverse between layers with different rules .	Pres
Many routers execute the following overall algorithm :	Pres
This process repeats until all nets are routed or the program ( or user ) gives up .	Pres
Huntington University Residence keeps an updated list of available financial aid on their website .	Pres
Additional research is ongoing in the following departments :	Pres
The Dean ’ s Summer Research Scholarship supports a three-month summer research experience to three incoming first professional dental students each year .	Pres
The School of Dental Medicine treats many patients in its clinical facilities , offering the full range of dental services .	Pres
The School of Dental Medicine publishes Pitt Dental Magazine biannually to inform the school ’ s alumni and friends about its activities and initiatives .	Pres
Linn-Mar Community School District consistently achieves higher than state average scores in many common areas of academic testing .	Pres
It also addresses concern that the subjects are often taught in isolation , instead of as an integrated curriculum .	Pres
The term tends not to refer to the non-professional and less visible sectors of the fields , such as electronics assembly line work .	Pres
STEM supports broadening the study of engineering within each of the other subjects , and beginning engineering at younger grades , even elementary school .	Pres
It also brings STEM education to all students rather than only the gifted programs .	Pres
The " NASA Means Business " competition , sponsored by the Texas Space Grant Consortium , furthers that goal .	Pres
They implement higher cognitive skills for students and enable them to inquire and use techniques used by professionals in the STEM fields .	Pres
Students interact with military personnel to explore careers and make connections with the " real world . "	Pres
The program focuses on academic learning particularly in STEAM fields .	Pres
The program also supplies STEM scholarships to five participating universities in Israel .	Pres
The gender ratio depends on field of study .	Pres
Efforts to remedy the perceived domination of STEM subjects by men of Asian and non-Hispanic European backgrounds has led to intense efforts to diversify the STEM workforce .	Pres
However , some critics feel that this practice in higher education , as opposed to a strict meritocracy , causes lower academic standards .	Pres
They reside in New York City and North Fork , New York , where Gober also maintains a studio .	Pres
It regulates where and how deceased people may be buried , and provides for the exhumation of remains .	Pres
Concerns arose that due to pressures of population movement to urban areas during the Industrial revolution that burial graves were reused too quickly .	Pres
The mechanisms about how the Church of England provides this permission slightly differs depending if the remains are at a church or cathedral ..	Pres
They speak the Masbateño language and almost all practice Roman Catholicism .	Pres
In the vicinity of the towns of Cataingan , Palanas and Dimasalang , most residents speak Waray-Waray .	Pres
As of 2012 , Atkins fronts the band Atkins / May Project , which also features guitarist Paul May .	Pres
She hates everything on Earth : her name , the way the wind blows , the solid objects and the people .	Pres
As Ariel and Megan realize that they both want to break up their parents , they agree on a temporary alliance to achieve their common goal .	Pres
Garzê comprises 1 county-level city and 17 counties :	Pres
I admit the fact , but do not think that they are more so than many who call themselves civilized .	Pres
In the modern Japanese system of alphabetical order , they occupy the third place in the modern Gojūon ( 五十音 ) system of collating kana .	Pres
That lets me get my performance ya-yas out , and I ’ m in Nashville writing the rest of the time .	Pres
The Hindu tradition attributes it to Adi Shankara of the eighth century CE .	Pres
It then expounds the significance of Self Realisation , ways to reach it , and the characteristics of a Guru .	Pres
It criticizes attachment to the body and goes to explain the various Sareeras , Kosas , Gunas , Senses and Pranas which constitute the Anatman .	Pres
It teaches the disciple the ways to attain Self-realisation , methods of meditation ( dhyana ) and introspection of the Atman .	Pres
I don 't think anybody is the next Nirvana , certainly not us .	Pres
The Anning River , which runs into the Jinsha River ( Yangtze River headwaters ) , is the main river in the area .	Pres
Under the Köppen system , the prefecture belongs to the humid subtropical zone ( Köppen " Cwa " ) .	Pres
Liangshan directly controls one county-level city , 15 counties , and 1 autonomous county .	Pres
They employ a troupe of young professionals providing them with professionally led-workshops and master classes .	Pres
As of May 2013 , Hawker-Beechcraft is offering its jet division , including the Hawker 4000 project , for sale .	Pres
The company intends to focus on propeller-driven aircraft ; leaving the future of the Hawker 4000 up to an eventual buyer .	Pres
The flight deck features a Honeywell Primus Epic avionics suite with EICAS , FADEC and autothrottle .	Pres
A similar arrangement exists with Teachers College , which since its affiliation with Columbia has served as the University 's Faculty and Department of Education .	Pres
Several thousand schools affiliated with larger universities educate a large number of undergraduates in India .	Pres
He couldn 't bring himself to leave his wife and the affair ended when Dowling went to Hollywood under contract to Goldwyn .	Pres
In the ensuing skirmish the Romans killed and captured many Persians , including Rhahzadh 's personal aide .	Pres
These stainless steels possess austenite as their primary crystalline structure ( face centered cubic ) .	Pres
This alloy exhibits superior resistance to stress-corrosion cracking in boiling 20 – 40 % sulfuric acid .	Pres
In his leisure time , Stew enjoys his private pilot licence , golf and relaxing on his farm in the Ottawa Valley with his family .	Pres
The station broadcasts programming from the MeTV , Heroes & Icons , Decades , and Movies !	Pres
Diatremes breach the Earth 's surface and produce a steep inverted cone shape .	Pres
The pedestrian walkway on the Delaware Water Gap Toll Bridge connects Pennsylvania 's northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail with New Jersey 's southern end .	Pres
1 on the iTunes soundtrack sales charts , while his soundtrack for " Children of Dune " reached No .	Pres
2 on the iTunes hip-hop singles charts and has sold over 500,000 copies .	Pres
The park occupies a portion of the former Montauk Air Force Station .	Pres
The light was about above mean low water and the 10,000,000 candle-power light could be seen for .	Pres
The pinning ceremony , begun in 1943 , marks the culmination of a student 's undergraduate program of study .	Pres
Talentvision TV produces two hours of local news on the weekdays and one hour of local news on the weekends .	Pres
Talentvision also airs foreign Mandarin newscasts from CCTV and TVBS .	Pres
The border disputes in between the Spanish and Portugueses thrones also involved the strategic land on which Guaíba now sits .	Pres
Negroponte discusses the differences between bits and atoms .	Pres
He believes that all forms of information that are now made of atoms ( books , CDs , etc . )	Pres
He believes that the mouse is a mediocre interface for point and click , and inadequate for drawing .	Pres
He instead prefers the interfaces of touch-screen technology and voice recognition software .	Pres
The Machine Empire invests highly in scientific advancements and schools children from an early age to become striving scientists .	Pres
Once the BreakHeart is inserted into the B 't's body , it creates a link between the blood donor and the B 't .	Pres
Before the emperor can fuse with Raffaello , Teppei and his allies confront him .	Pres
On this album , Voivod adopts a more alternative / progressive / psychedelic rock sound , as opposed to the progressive metal of " Nothingface " .	Pres
It joins the Little Osage River from the south , south-southeast of Rich Hill , Missouri .	Pres
He also heads the Ron Greschner Foundation to support autism research and awareness .	Pres
By the late 1960s , Domergue was appearing mainly in low-budget " B " horror movies and European productions .	Pres
Some philosophers argue that it is not only the right of a people to overthrow an oppressive government but also their " duty " to do so .	Pres
In a study of the idea of rule by the people in the American Revolution and in early post-revolutionary America , legal historian Christian G. Fritz writes :	Pres
Through their Affiliate and Pilot Research program , CNPRC supports visiting scientists by providing access to facilities and equipment .	Pres
Similarly , the Center aids off-site researchers with veterinary services from in-house professionals .	Pres
They invite local elementary school students to learn about the research and animals through a standardized two-hour program .	Pres
Children and their teachers learn some basics of primate biology , and about some of the primate-based biomedical research that is performed at the Center .	Pres
In this case , the Supreme Court abandons the Aguilar – Spinelli test .	Pres
By not producing , the firm loses only the fixed costs .	Pres
The community comprises a vibrant mix of Aboriginal people from many different families or clans .	Pres
It produces a newsletter called " Gapuwiyak Dhäwu " .	Pres
If producing 5 shirts generates average total cost of 11 dollars and average variable cost of 5 dollars , fixed cost would be 6 dollars .	Pres
Similarly , the firm produces 10 shirts and average total cost and average variable cost is 10 dollars and 7 dollars respectively .	Pres
The long run contrasts with the short run , in which some factors are variable and others are fixed , constraining entry or exit from an industry .	Pres
The firm thus considers all its long-run production options and selects the optimal combination of inputs and technology for its long-run purposes .	Pres
This involves making a graph of Nd : Nd ratio versus Sm : Nd ratio for various minerals or rocks .	Pres
The intersection between these two evolution lines then indicates the crustal formation age .	Pres
The brown four-eyed opossum builds nests made of leaves and twigs in tree branches or under rocks and logs .	Pres
However , the New York Public Library contends that the phrase derives from the infamous Grapevine Tavern in New York City 's Greenwich Village .	Pres
They were pulling wires to open the southern spillway in order to alleviate floodwaters when the platform they were working from collapsed .	Pres
Responding to a December 1998 request from The Federation of Electric Power Companies , JNFL has been conducting technological studies regarding MOX fuel fabrication technology .	Pres
Lee 's covering force that had been at Mrs. Lake 's plantation .	Pres
During this period , the overland half of Grant 's offensive was also failing .	Pres
The 6 ' 10 220-pounder was threatening enough to also earn 798 free throw tries , another league high , converting a solid 81 % .	Pres
The Boreal Forest Conservation Framework promotes conservation of the entire boreal region .	Pres
The Framework supports the spirit of a 1999 report of the Senate of Canada that recommended the following goals :	Pres
The Framework simplifies the Senate recommendation by redistributing the 60 % identified for conservation equally between the protected areas other conservation areas .	Pres
This highlights the importance of protection and careful management of the remaining lands and waters .	Pres
It prefers to live in deserts with very little vegetation , where it blends in with the sandy soils .	Pres
macmillanorum " only exhibits minor differences in plumage from " T.l .	Pres
Females also sing on occasion , in a manner similar to juvenile male LeConte 's .	Pres
These birds defend their territory year-round , but males are generally less territorial in the summer months during molting and the fledgling dispersals .	Pres
A Center typically accepts traffic from , and ultimately passes traffic to , the control of a terminal control center or of another center .	Pres
For example , NATS combines the London Terminal Control Centre ( LTCC ) and London Area Control Centre ( LACC ) in Swanwick in the UK .	Pres
The United States Federal Aviation Administration defines an ARTCC as :	Pres
The Log Scaler measures the cut trees to determine the scale ( volume ) and quality ( grade ) of the wood to be used for manufacturing .	Pres
However , rollout scaling helps the scaler do this better than truck scaling or , in the Canadian province of British Columbia , in a log raft .	Pres
The bird grows to 32 cm ( 12.5 inches ) , and has a deeply curved bill .	Pres
The bird seldom flies in the open .	Pres
The crissal thrasher rarely flies , preferring to walk or run around its territory and will mostly run for cover when disturbed by a potential predator .	Pres
" Representation in the fictional world signifies social existence ; absence means symbolic annihilation . "	Pres
Many such scholars argue that mainstream depictions of women and girls result from dominant racial , gender , and class ideologies .	Pres
Here Comes the Grump is an animated cartoon series produced by DePatie – Freleng Enterprises and aired on NBC from 1969 to 1970 .	Pres
As part of the redevelopment , a new riverside walkway connects to the Thames Path alongside the late Victorian Hammersmith Bridge .	Pres
Landlocked countries that rely on transoceanic trade usually suffer a cost of trade that is double that of their maritime neighbours .	Pres
The Lebanese civil war , which began in 1975 , marks the most serious crisis the Grand Lycée ever faced .	Pres
Across the street , the brand new Stade du Chayla comprises a track-and-field playground , along with tennis , badminton , basketball and mini-soccer courts .	Pres
Modern scholarship suggests Every was born on 20 August 1659 in the village of Newton Ferrers , about southeast of Plymouth , Devon .	Pres
By early August 1693 , the four warships were sailing down the River Thames en route to Spain 's northern city of Corunna .	Pres
All of these captains were carrying privateering commissions that implicated almost the entire Eastern Seaboard of North America .	Pres
Others contend that the Mughal authorities ' figure of £ 600,000 was a deliberate overestimate aimed at improving their compensation from the English .	Pres
While awaiting his execution , Kennedy 's favorite pastime was recounting tales of Every 's adventures .	Pres
It generally prohibits a trustee from engaging in transactions that might involve self-dealing or even an appearance of conflict of interest .	Pres
" Corporate fiduciaries breach their duty of loyalty when they divert corporate assets , opportunities , or information for personal gain . "	Pres
Hazelton lends her psychiatric advice to questions sent in by her unsuspecting " readers " .	Pres
Claire Moran contributes to " Stitches " for the article " Impatient Patient " .	Pres
Introduced in January 2004 , Alistair Munro writes about the ( often cocky ) adventures of MacRuaraidh .	Pres
Eric James Rush ( born 11 February 1965 in Kaeo ) is a New Zealand former rugby union footballer and rugby sevens legend .	Pres
The school enrolls students in grades 9-12 and is a part of the Dallas Independent School District ( DISD ) .	Pres
, , the following elementary schools feed into Sunset High School :	Pres
The New Zealand national rugby sevens team competes in the World Rugby Sevens Series , Rugby World Cup Sevens , Summer Olympic Games and the Commonwealth Games .	Pres
Tomecka was completing her residency at UNC Health Care when her Connecticut Reds coach Tony DiCicco invited her to try out for the Boston Breakers .	Pres
The regiment traces their origins to 1768 , when they were raised as the 1st Battalion , Bombay Sepoys .	Pres
" Silver areas in the history indicate periods of unknown lineage . "	Pres
The regiment traces its origins to 1768 , when it was raised as the 5th Battalion , Bombay Sepoys .	Pres
The regiment traces their origins to 1796 , when they were raised as the 2nd Battalion , 6th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry .	Pres
CinemaDNG supports stereoscopic cameras and multiple audio channels .	Pres
The regiment traces their origins to 1800 , when they were raised as the 1st Battalion , 7th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry .	Pres
" The One About Friends " is the third episode of " The Cleveland Show " .	Pres
Cleveland decides to get Ernie back , after he finds Cleveland Jr. miserable .	Pres
" Silver areas in the history indicate periods of unknown lineage . "	Pres
The regiment traces their origins to 1817 , when they were raised as the 2nd Battalion , 10th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry .	Pres
The library welcomes 100,000 visitors a year and presents 150 programs that include concerts , exhibitions , lectures , and galas .	Pres
They wear pink sarees and take up issues like domestic violence , the dowry system , rape , electricity matters , and education .	Pres
Towards the end , Rajjo decides to take revenge against Sumitra .	Pres
However , Rajjo eventually realises her dream of establishing a school for unprivileged girls .	Pres
As the film is based on the rural parts of India , many cast members would be portraying de-glamorous roles .	Pres
He undertook further training while serving in the Royal Australian Infantry Corps , and completed various basic courses and became a Small Arms Coach .	Pres
The plot opens with water over flowing from an apartment and in Block E , which is seen by the apartment watchman .	Pres
When he goes to stop water , he witnesses a young woman Ramya ( Sindhu Menon ) , drowned in the water .	Pres
Although circumstantial evidence claims it as a suicide , Vasu doubts that it isn 't , and starts to investigate it in another angle .	Pres
He also remembers his love life with Ramya during their college time .	Pres
Later Ramya marries a rich groom named Bala ( Nandha ) , a businessman .	Pres
Kalyani Subramanyam ( Lakshmi Ramakrishnan ) , who resides in the flat opposite to Ramya ’ s , dies by electric shock .	Pres
An ex-army veteran Thiyagarajan ( Boys Rajan ) on his travel to Pondicherry dies by an umbrella tip piercing his neck .	Pres
The watchman of the apartment also dies a mysterious death .	Pres
He appoints a few assistants to live in various flats of the apartment and inform him if there is any suspicious activiy .	Pres
He investigates in the angle of life after death , and finds that a life can contact this world in any medium after the death .	Pres
Vasu now understands that Ramya 's spirit kills everyone .	Pres
Vasu succeeds in saving Divya and Ramya 's spirit leaves him .	Pres
The very next day , Bala suddenly confesses for the murder of his wife .	Pres
Only wish the attempt doesn ’ t prove to be a flash in the pan .	Pres
The technique justifies the otherwise phenomenological constitutive relations appearing in hydrodynamical descriptions such as the Navier – Stokes equations .	Pres
Thus , Chapman – Enskog theory constitutes an important step in the passage from a microscopic , particle-based description to a continuum hydrodynamical one .	Pres
Conceptually , the resulting hydrodynamic equations describe the dynamical interplay between free streaming and interparticle collisions .	Pres
Clearly , this class of solutions excludes non-perturbative contributions ( such as formula _ 27 ) , which appear in boundary layers or near internal shock layers .	Pres
It is tempting to equate these functions with the physical hydrodynamic fields defined as moments of formula _ 1 :	Pres
As in the previous section the colon denotes the double dot product , formula _ 56 .	Pres
For more complex gases the agreement is not as good , most likely due to the neglect of attractive forces .	Pres
Including this mechanism predicts a density dependence of the viscosity at high enough density , which is also observed experimentally .	Pres
Contains a technical introduction to normal solutions of the Boltzmann equation :	Pres
The story flashes backward and forward to explain what led up to Ivan ’ s death .	Pres
He sees her again one day when he visits the sleazy nightclub run by his older brother , Ivan .	Pres
Alex asks Marie for the address of Juliette ’ s clinic , but she has disappeared .	Pres
In search of Juliette , Marie visits her housing estate apartment .	Pres
On a local fair , Justin threatens Alex with a gun .	Pres
Justin learns the truth about his father ’ s death from his grandfather Victor .	Pres
Marie visits Alex , who tells her Juliette was involved in the heist and that he is trying to find her .	Pres
Later Alex visits Marie and finds she has become a recluse , writing a book about Juliette .	Pres
Later Alex hears that Marie has committed suicide as he receives her manuscript and the tapes of Juliette ’ s voice in the post .	Pres
Jimmy decides to marry Ivan 's widow , Mireille .	Pres
The divided time structure emphasize the interlapping relationships between the characters .	Pres
This article lists players who have captained the Armagh senior Gaelic football team in the Ulster Senior Football Championship and the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship .	Pres
It is also reviewing " whether it is appropriate that the Virgin brand should remain linked to Virgin Nigeria " .	Pres
Banks ) to SME members after completing an Energy Audit done by an approved Auditor from the Petroleum Corporation of Jamaica .	Pres
He enjoys " sports and cooking Chinese food . "	Pres
The game focuses more on aerial and platforming skills than other fighting games , with larger , more dynamic stages rather than a simple flat platform .	Pres
" Melee " retains nearly all the gameplay features of its predecessor while also expanding upon them , as well as expanding the fighter lineup .	Pres
The WLAN controller automatically handles the configuration of wireless access-points .	Pres
The inlet separates the barrier islands of Oak Island and Holden Beach Isle .	Pres
The officials strive to hush the matter up .	Pres
Network management software usually collects information about network devices ( which are called Nodes ) using protocols like SNMP , ICMP , CDP etc .	Pres
Automating this step reduces cost and eliminates chances of human error .	Pres
The 1219 chronicle mentions the ethnonym " toymokary " ( ) .	Pres
Russian linguists argue whether the ethnonym Toyma relates to a specific tribe , a tribal group , a language or a whole continuum of Uralic languages .	Pres
Downstream of Borovino , the Nizhnyaya Toyma briefly enters Vinogradovsky District , flows through the village of Shosheltsy , and re-enters Verkhnetoyemsky District .	Pres
Lekan Mustapha also actively supports the creation of the state .	Pres
The Central Committee then elects four full-time officials from its members .	Pres
Negotiations involve pay , pensions , and general conditions as well as consultation on all levels of service within the PSNI .	Pres
So each act receives a mark out of ten .	Pres
MVM Films owns distribution rights in the United Kingdom and Madman Entertainment owns them in Australia and New Zealand .	Pres
" Beat Goes On " is a disco song with hip-hop influences , featuring instrumentation from bells , handclaps and whistles .	Pres
Lyrically , " Beat Goes On " encourages people to say whatever they like and do whatever they feel .	Pres
The park comprises a hilly heathland south of the small town of Rebild , situated in the geographic region of the Himmerland on the peninsula of Jutland .	Pres
The forest of Rold Skov surrounds the hills on three sides , but the heathland is to be protected in its natural state .	Pres
The book collects several novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors , with a foreword by Bulmer .	Pres
The National Coalition on Health Care comprises the following member organizations .	Pres
It incorporates a short story that was published in 1985 in " Far Frontiers , vol 2 " .	Pres
Despite a given deadline of 7 December 2010 , Olympic and Aegean were hoping for a decision from the EU earlier .	Pres
Olympic Air had been loss-making since its creation in 2009 , until its takeover by Aegean .	Pres
" ( * The 2009 figures reflect the fact that the airline only commenced operations on 29 September 2009 . ) "	Pres
The background of the painting suggests a natural setting .	Pres
Under acidic conditions sugars tend to form furans such as furfural and 5-hydroxymethylfurfural by a series of dehydrations of the carbohydrate .	Pres
It relates to an extinct Finno-Ugric ethnonym of the same name known to the Novgorodians since ( at least ) the beginning of the 12th century .	Pres
The 1219 chronicle mentions ethnonym " toymokary " ( ) .	Pres
Russian linguists argue whether the ethnonym Toyma relates to a specific tribe , a tribal group , a language or a whole continuum of Finno-Ugric languages .	Pres
You Better Not Cry : Stories for Christmas is the sixth memoir by Augusten Burroughs .	Pres
" Burroughs 's holiday-themed memoir lacks the consistent emotional intensity of his earlier work , despite a few gems .	Pres
OAO Kompozit carries out research , experimentation , development and production of materials for advanced and general applications .	Pres
Meanwhile , White and Thompson were also experimenting in their recording studio .	Pres
The song 's title suggests that GLaDOS is " still alive " after the events of " Portal " .	Pres
Abraham also competes in the 400m sprint .	Pres
He was furnishing it at the time when he was questioned by detectives sent by Pinkerton .	Pres
He stares at her inappropriately multiple times a day .	Pres
One day after school , he overhears Ally and her boyfriend Brett ( John Gallagher , Jr . ) get into a big argument .	Pres
Hard work always pays off . ” .	Pres
He teaches courses in Historical Archaeology , Archaeology of the Chesapeake , and Method and Theory in Archaeology .	Pres
His extensive work at Harpers Ferry delves into issues of class and labor and has resulted in several books and articles .	Pres
His recent work focuses on the anthracite region of Northeastern , Pennsylvania .	Pres
This research focuses on issues related to labor , class , and historic and contemporary immigration .	Pres
The table below chronicles the achievements of Foolad Novin in various competitions since 2007 .	Pres
It differs from section " E. " sect .	Pres
It differs from section " E. " sect .	Pres
Kew recognizes thirteen of these as separate species .	Pres
These exercises demonstrate the capability of the Army 's fighting vehicles and aircraft and how they operate jointly in various scenarios .	Pres
The Brigade 's formation sign displays the white Saxon stallion on a red background mounted on the white-bordered , yellow and white coat of arms .	Pres
The horse recalls the dukes of the House of Welf and the Kingdom of Hanover .	Pres
In peacetime it prepares for this through training and exercising its personnel and equipment .	Pres
93 Armoured Demonstration Battalion supports Panzerlehrbrigade 9 and the Munster Training School in the basic and continuation training of military leaders of armoured fighting troops .	Pres
degree in 1957 with the thesis " Språkpolitikk og skolestell i Finnmark 1814 – 1905 " .	Pres
It lacks all social amenities as it has been neglected by the government in every respect .	Pres
Prairie plants send their roots down a few inches to as much as .	Pres
This habitat mimics the pine savannas in the Northern Woods allowing brackens and sweetferns to thrive amid the prairie vegetation .	Pres
Robert Service argues that Stalin thought in the first instance that any reports of rural hardship were the result of peasants tricking urban authorities into indulging them .	Pres
The Cove Mountain Trail connects the area with the Sugarlands Visitor Center opposite Cove Mountain to the east .	Pres
The 4Pi National Involvement Standards influences people beyond the boundaries of NSUN .	Pres
In addition to improving living standards , the federation 's self-help strategy for co-production aims to build political influence and organizing capacity amongst low-income urban residents .	Pres
Co-production also suits smaller organisations ( traditionally those in the third sector ) that are more used to working in less structured and hierarchical ways .	Pres
" Dreams That Money Can 't Buy	Pres
" Dreams That Money Can 't Buy " was given a half-hearted release later in the year and with little promotion it failed to chart .	Pres
KQDR broadcasts a contemporary hits music format to the Sherman-Denison metropolitan area .	Pres
She and her friend Lale are struggling for money to pay the rent and other expenses .	Pres
After mourning for Havin , he marries Duygu .	Pres
But then , he coincidentally sees Havin after so many years except that she now calls herself Sibel .	Pres
The TATP benchmark simulates a typical Home Location Register ( HLR ) database used by a mobile carrier .	Pres
The benchmark generates a flooding load on a database server .	Pres
TATP executes seven pre-defined transactions that insert , update , delete and query the data in the database .	Pres
Two months after his death his widow and sister-in-law signed documents that gave Conrad Black control of Ravelston Corporation which in turn controlled Argus Corporation .	Pres
It is the biggest White Sox comeback so far this season .	Pres
Advocates of gender-neutral language modification consider this to be sexist , and favor new ways of writing and speaking .	Pres
The same happens with " la cliente " ( client ) ; " la clienta " .	Pres
Advocates of gender-neutral language modification consider this to be sexist and favor new ways of writing and speaking .	Pres
Some Spanish-speaking people advocate for the use of " elle / elles " .	Pres
Many people prefer use of the slash ( / ) , as in : " el / la candidato / a " .	Pres
It was airing on Polish and Portuguese television in 2011 , and commenced screening on Australian television from December 2012 .	Pres
During a ride with Michael Lewis , Daniel disappears in the car crash , leading Michael and the other liberators to believe that he 'd been kidnapped .	Pres
Hannah decides to tell Edward she is pregnant with Ryan 's baby .	Pres
However , under orders from Edward , Cynthia poisons the water supply in the well to make it look like Gina did it .	Pres
Gina watches as Andy gives into the cancer and dies .	Pres
We learn Sophie is a highly skilled cult de-programmer and mother of one , whose young daughter is later kidnapped and presumed dead .	Pres
The anti-cult group walks in , and Daniel tells them that Edward is all theirs .	Pres
She paints in Pioneer Square Studio and belongs to the national online art gallery " Artaissance " .	Pres
Despite the rulings , he maintains that Ameeta is his legally wedded wife .	Pres
Chrnalogar instructs readers on how to determine if a religious group is manipulative or abusive , and describes techniques of mind control .	Pres
Chrnalogar writes that some churches manipulate text of the Bible to coerce followers .	Pres
This album incorporates collaborations with Bajofondo Tango Club and the Argentinean composer , musician and producer , Gustavo Santaolalla , winner of two Oscar awards .	Pres
Airspeed Oxfords and North American Harvard I 's flew from this airfield .	Pres
The table below chronicles the achievements of Etka Gorgan in various competitions since 2008 .	Pres
The table below chronicles the achievements of Iranjavan in various competitions since 1990 .	Pres
This design concept assumes passive , almost automatic - subconscious visual experience .	Pres
It counts on rationality of both , graphic designer / producer of the message and the audience that is receiving the message .	Pres
Modern interpretation of the message assumes objectivity and neutrality .	Pres
Graphic design , processed through print technology , translates problems and experiences into a visual linear order .	Pres
The designer believes that he / she should control what would be seen .	Pres
This model of vision rejects interplay between a viewer and image and affirms that our internal makeup does not alter the impressions we receive .	Pres
Currently , he is promoting WRACKED , a short film directed by Victoria Mahoney , which he wrote , co-produced , and stars in .	Pres
WBWH-LP broadcasts many of the athletic events on campus , including football , volleyball , basketball , and baseball games .	Pres
Article III of the AFL-CIO constitution , as amended , addresses membership in the AFL-CIO .	Pres
The book discusses issues surrounding the inadequate consent procedures of the 1950s and 1960s when using prisoners .	Pres
A notable nearby formation is Smoking Hills , a group of hills exhibiting continuous burning of oil shale deposits .	Pres
After building Fort Good Hope they prepare to winter over .	Pres
Additionally , he still keeps some animals , including dogs , horses , and mules , on his ranch .	Pres
Toth always donates the " Whispering Giant " he creates to the town he carved it in , and never charges a fee for his time .	Pres
Despite being uninhabited , the island receives visitors , such as day visitors and campers .	Pres
He undertook the schoolteachers test ( " Lehrerprüfung " ) in 1924 .	Pres
He also produces " $ # ! T my dad says " .	Pres
The project lends electronic babies to students for a weekend .	Pres
The program also urges parents to talk about pregnancy and child-rearing with their children .	Pres
As there is no legal source for abortions , abortion practitioners ask for as much as they think a woman can pay .	Pres
The Turkish minority practice the Sunni branch of Islam but tend to be highly secular .	Pres
The player controls one of four characters through 55 levels set in seven different areas .	Pres
Use of environmental kills rewards the player with more points for their score .	Pres
The algorithm calculates the interactions between a protein 's different amino acid residues to determine which interactions may be disrupted by swapping structural domains of the protein .	Pres
The designation " nonpartisan " usually reflects a claim made by organizations about themselves , or by commentators , and not an official category per American law .	Pres
It derives from the old Yorkshire breed from the county of Yorkshire , in northern England .	Pres
She touches his face , and she thinks he 's beautiful .	Pres
I feel a little stifled , myself , whenever he 's resisting the urge to do vampiresque things . "	Pres
In the season three finale , he kisses Elena .	Pres
In the end , Elena chooses Stefan over Damon , but when Rebekah causes Matt 's truck to drive off Wickery Bridge , she is trapped underwater .	Pres
After his " bunny diet " disagrees with Elena stomach she seeks help from Damon to find an alternative blood source .	Pres
Stefan then discovers from Klaus and Rebekah that there is a possible cure for vampirism .	Pres
Stefan manages to get Connor out , but Elena later kills him and is consumed with grief at being a murderer .	Pres
Stefan sends Damon to find her and goes with Bonnie to see if the Professor Shane knows how to end the hallucinations .	Pres
He informs them that a potential hunter must kill a vampire so he may take the place of that dead hunter , which is virtually impossible .	Pres
Luckily , Stefan realizes that Jeremy is a potential hunter , and tells him that to save his sister , he must kill a vampire .	Pres
Jeremy kills the hybrid Chris who originally helped them free Elena , and in turn her hallucinations end , and she is safe , but only barely .	Pres
Later then , Stefan breaks up with Elena because of her feelings for Damon .	Pres
While there , he and Caroline realize that Elena is sired to Damon .	Pres
Post Jeremy 's death , Damon convinces Elena to switch off her humanity leading to her becoming brutal and ruthless .	Pres
Silas then reveals that Stefan is his doppelganger .	Pres
Silas then locks Stefan into a vault and drowns him in the river .	Pres
Stefan happens to be in the safe for 3 months where he keeps on hallucinating .	Pres
In season 5 , Damon and Elena manage to figure out that Silas has taken Stefan 's place and that Stefan is in that safe .	Pres
After trying to woo him and failing , Stefan realises that Katherine is pretending to be Elena and Elena is with Nadia , Katherine 's daughter .	Pres
They rescue her somehow by killing Katherine and sending her to some sort of hell .	Pres
Then Stefan volunteers himself to the travellers to give his blood as they needed doppelganger blood .	Pres
In season 6 , Stefan moves away from Mystic Falls because of Damon 's death and finds a new girlfriend called Ivy .	Pres
Stefan supports Caroline through this in which they bond even more and share a passionate kiss however just then Liz dies .	Pres
She kidnaps Stefan and Damon 's niece , Sarah Salvatore , and blackmails Stefan to turn off his humanity to save her .	Pres
Stefan decides to ruin Caroline 's life because she has done the same to him .	Pres
He wants her to lose control and become a Ripper .	Pres
The Greek god Agôn personifies solemn contests .	Pres
It extends from Campeche , Mexico north along the west margin of the Campeche Bank north of the Yucatan Peninsula .	Pres
Although they differ from other cryptophytes and have even been proposed to be alveolates , early 21st century research suggests they are related to cryptophytes .	Pres
Dozens of other DNA sequences ( both freshwater and marine ) seem to represent further katablepharids which have not been cultured or formally described .	Pres
It rents space for weddings , concerts , lectures , art exhibits , workshops , and community meetings .	Pres
As of today , 149 years later , only about 1000 people reside in the town .	Pres
Among its best known columns is its " Baker 's Dozen , " in which artists select 13 personal favourite albums .	Pres
" The Quietus " also organises independent music gigs in tandem with entertainment venues .	Pres
It incorporates the fuel tank into the frame and has no external bodywork or fairings .	Pres
I recommend asking your dealer about swapping out the front fork oil for something a bit heavier ; luckily a pretty inexpensive fix .	Pres
It spans Black Creek , a tributary of the Missisquoi River , in a roughly northeast-southwest orientation .	Pres
It rests on abutments of dry laid stone , which have been further finished in concrete and mortar .	Pres
Over the next half century , China 's population steadily grows , and eventually migration overwhelms European colonies in Asia .	Pres
This opens the way to a joyous epoch of " splendid mechanical , intellectual , and art output " .	Pres
The conference aims in promoting the heritage of Tamil language .	Pres
Waters drain from the tributaries of the Green Swamp near the town of Shallotte and flow south down the river to empty into the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway .	Pres
It invests in buyouts and expansions of medium to large sized businesses .	Pres
Ironbridge Capital also owns the Global Renewables Alternative Waste Treatment Plant located at Eastern Creek , NSW .	Pres
His teacher , Mrs Mulvahill , was staring at him .	Pres
The cows speak cow language , which is similar to the English language .	Pres
It grows on shallow , south-facing slopes , in semi-arid sage scrub .	Pres
Plants tend to flower in alternate years , similarly to mast years in grasses and trees .	Pres
Thus none of the variables belongs to the Stanley – Reisner ideal " I " .	Pres
Egg-type chicken carcasses no longer appear in stores .	Pres
The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service performs frequent checks on production facilities to ensure poultry is safe , wholesome and correctly labelled .	Pres
Forest nightshade grows up to 50 cm high .	Pres
Next , the treatment center helps them understand the dangers of being a member in a cult , and learn methods to put their life back together .	Pres
Current research is focusing on technologies to increase range , improve performance in cold weather and reduce charging time .	Pres
Later that month , the first Novabus LFSe buses using TM4 powertrains have started operating in Montreal in 2017 .	Pres
TM4 is also supplying Quebec-based Lion Bus with drivetrain systems , as well as many other truck and bus manufacturers and integrators in North America and Europe .	Pres
By finding her passport there , she understands that the lone police officer was behind all the missing girls .	Pres
Michael grabs the policeman 's weapon .	Pres
Michael agrees but is shot by the policeman using a second weapon .	Pres
This time she escapes herself by jumping off a boat and kills the kidnapper .	Pres
Dyna-Mite warns the Invaders , and Alfie instigates a fight between the heroes and the Crusaders .	Pres
A bunch of thieves kidnap a boy in a red hoodie from his mother 's arms .	Pres
The girl refuses and starts making out with her boyfriend against his will .	Pres
However , the girl then escapes into the forest until she reaches a bungalow where she is taken in , and the family agree to protect her .	Pres
After returning his girlfriend 's car to her , he murders her by drowning and disposes of her car .	Pres
The cops conclude all the murders and thefts were by the same gang .	Pres
The protagonist notices this and follows them back to his own apartment and sees them discover his connection to the whole mess .	Pres
Lenzi admits that his first meeting with Milian was difficult ; Milian had heard that he was an " impulsive , hot-headed director . "	Pres
He currently competes full-time in the IndyCar Series , driving the No .	Pres
) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in " italics " indicate fastest lap )	Pres
" Empire Baxter " was carrying 8 tons of stores and ten troops .	Pres
She was carrying the Convoy Commodore , Henry S Allan RNVR and was bound for Portland .	Pres
The Persian term " Sedreh pushi " translates to " Putting on the sedreh , " a reference to the main component of the ritual .	Pres
The sacred clothing signifies parental responsibility as well as responsibility for the one who is undergoing this ceremony .	Pres
The Navjote ceremony itself comprises three parts : Patet Pashemani , Din no Kalmo and Investiture of Sedreh and Kushti , and Tan Darosti .	Pres
The initiate then recites the Din no Kalmo ( recitation of Faith to the Zarthusti religion ) .	Pres
The initiate then joins in and prays the Hormazd Khodai and Jasme Avangeh Mazda prayers .	Pres
The expert only hills , Challenge , and Peak 's Polly are seen as two black diamonds on the slope map .	Pres
They teach young skiers how to race .	Pres
The main character , T.J. Burke ( played by Paul Gross ) , walks onto Mt .	Pres
Throughout the movie , Rutecki wears an orange hat created for the movie , but is mistakenly believed to be the official hat of the Mt .	Pres
The movie indicates that Mt .	Pres
These snails feed on disintegrating leaves , mushrooms , roots and fruit .	Pres
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference .	Pres
The township 's name commemorates the Battle of Concord in the American Revolutionary War .	Pres
The Badger State Trail currently occupies the old road bed .	Pres
The " Journal of Abnormal Psychology " addresses the following major areas of focus :	Pres
The Domesday Book of 1086 mentions the village as " Salhale " , with a total population of about 85 .	Pres
The Quail Hollow Resort , located in neighboring Concord Township , envelopes 700 acres and offers two championships rated golf courses .	Pres
Ambitious yakuza Kenji befriends harmonica-playing bartender Chuji , who moonlights as a part-time drug-dealer for the opposing gang .	Pres
The park encompasses nearly one-fifth of the entire land area of the city and represents a significant natural , watershed and public recreational resource in eastern Massachusetts .	Pres
'I Want You , I Need You , I Love You ' , you know .	Pres
I don 't try to make them complicated .	Pres
The cliffs and ledges are nesting grounds for seabirds .	Pres
They vary in size from temporary handmade snow structures to permanent competition venues .	Pres
Hills with a hill size exceeding HS185 are designated ski flying hills ; there are five such hills in the world .	Pres
It survives as the earliest known play ever written and published in the North American British colonies .	Pres
The event carries a purse of US $ 150,000 .	Pres
It is the first stakes race on the Belmont Park stakes schedule for two-year-old colts .	Pres
The bridge connects Red Square with Bolshaya Ordynka street in Zamoskvorechye .	Pres
" Thermopsis " comprises the following species :	Pres
The BC Winter Games brings both able-bodied and disabled sports to one grand event all in the name of sport and competition .	Pres
McCain had been monitoring the original pleas for help and , recognizing the seriousness of the situation , turned around without awaiting orders .	Pres
The storm sank three destroyers and inflicted heavy damage on many other ships .	Pres
It performs these feats in a very lifelike fashion .	Pres
Asian version ( BMG AVCB-66072 ) adds the following	Pres
The Phi Pan Nam Mountains dominate the landscape of the district .	Pres
They occupy mid to high elevations and montane laurel forests .	Pres
The protective detail from the Secret Service and the Oklahoma City Police Department are wearing derby hats , police caps or dark cowboy hats .	Pres
Eventually the new Obverse dies did arrive , and they began to mint the 1948 Dollars midway through the year .	Pres
The 1982 nickel dollar exists on a rolled thin planchet .	Pres
In spring variable numbers migrate north reaching as far as Iceland , Greenland , and Finland with huge invasions taking place in some years .	Pres
Some individuals fly south again to winter around the Mediterranean and Black Seas .	Pres
It regularly visits gardens to take nectar from the flowers .	Pres
They hatch after three to four days ( longer in cool conditions ) .	Pres
The adults mate one or two days after emerging from the pupa and start laying eggs one to five days later .	Pres
They die three to nineteen days after emergence .	Pres
In details , one expands " x " as	Pres
instead of " n " = 0 ) yields the formula .	Pres
Integrating from 0 to 1 , all the terms vanish except the last term at 1 , which yields :	Pres
Qualifying students choose from Aerospace-Flight , Aerospace Engineering , Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps ( NJROTC ) .	Pres
Students fly simulators , take familiarization flights , build scale models , and take field trips to Aerospace companies such as UPS .	Pres
" Dead Shrimp Blues " is a song written by Robert Johnson .	Pres
Oil seeds and residue from oil extraction will self-heat if too moist .	Pres
Many of the oil seeds generate oils that are self-heating .	Pres
The stalk , which consists of numerous disks held together by ligaments , supports a calyx or cup made of circlets of calcerous plates .	Pres
In Comatulids , the stalk develops following the larval stage , but the juveniles shed all but the topmost disk to take up a free-living existence .	Pres
Five often branched arms , which consist of articulated series of ossicles , extend from the oral plate and form the food-capture mechanism of Articulata .	Pres
An inscription on his gravestone indicates his especial popularity with the Acadian population of Teche Bayou in St. Martin Parish .	Pres
There exists a possibility of confusion between the two with regard to references to equilibrism .	Pres
Vaez Tabasi hails from a family of Mashhadi origin .	Pres
Bahonar was speaking before a meeting with our issues raised in speeches were over .	Pres
On an area of the reserve protects a well-preserved bog spruce forest with typical fauna and flora .	Pres
It is one of few places in the CHKO Český les where a spruce forest is native .	Pres
In children , a posterior fat pad sign suggests a condylar fracture of the humerus .	Pres
In adults it suggests a radial head fracture .	Pres
CDOM most strongly absorbs short wavelength light ranging from blue to ultraviolet , whereas pure water absorbs longer wavelength red light .	Pres
CDOM diminishes light intensity as it penetrates water .	Pres
CDOM also absorbs harmful UVA / B radiation , protecting organisms from DNA damage .	Pres
" This new plan involves three basic parts : clear , control and retain .	Pres
An area moves into the retain phase when the Iraqi security forces are fully responsible for the day-to-day security mission .	Pres
The entries span the years up to 1253 .	Pres
Two other old unincorporated communities lie farther east : Center Trumbull and East Trumbull .	Pres
The Khun Tan Range stretches from north to south along the district .	Pres
A blue plaque marks the house where he lived .	Pres
They encounter a group of babies called the Widdlebits and trek across the bottomless swamp .	Pres
The channel broadcasts high-definition simulcasts of programmes from the other SVT channels , where available .	Pres
Believers sometimes cite the widespread sightings by crowds of people during the " phenomenal week of 1909 " as substantial evidence of some kind of occurrence .	Pres
The Center also collaborates with local cultural institutions as the Walker Art Center and Minnesota History Center to develop theater that deepens their programming .	Pres
The festival extends beyond the readings including a Jerome Fellows showcase , a panel discussion , and a festival celebration .	Pres
The Queen dominates completely , communicating with other Abeils using the " Hive Mind " .	Pres
West Shore School District encompasses approximately .	Pres
This state-funded program permits high school students to take courses , at local higher education institutions , to earn college credits .	Pres
The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree .	Pres
Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement , many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
The score reflects on grade level : reading , science , writing and mathematics achievement .	Pres
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible , the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation .	Pres
The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16 % of the district ’ s students receive special education services .	Pres
It also assumes that each student ’ s needs accrue the same level of costs .	Pres
This approach permits such specialized instructional strategies as tiered assignments , curriculum compacting , flexible grouping , learning stations , independent projects and independent contracts .	Pres
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania .	Pres
The law dictates that each school district participating in a program authorized by the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act ( 42 U.S.C .	Pres
In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus .	Pres
The school board determines eligibility for participation in coordination with respective individual governing organizations .	Pres
Mount Zion Elementary School was a grade k-2 school locates in Lewisberry , Pennsylvania , Fairview Township .	Pres
He teaches in the departments of Anthropology , Central Eurasian Studies , and Near Eastern Languages and Cultures departments at Indiana University .	Pres
It derives its name from its proximity to Hamilton Harbour , which used to be called Burlington Bay .	Pres
By 1915 , Procter & Gamble officially opens Hamilton plant , employing 75 workers who made six different products .	Pres
This ranks Hamilton as the busiest of all the ports of Canada 's great lakes and 28 % of all movements on the St. Lawrence Seaway System .	Pres
To the north , the Soviet 's Operation Bagration was completing the destruction of the Axis Army Group Centre .	Pres
Like the name implies , sugar shacks are small cabins or groups of cabins where sap collected from sugar maple trees is boiled into maple syrup .	Pres
The site also attracts invertebrates including damselflies .	Pres
Most of this deposit probably enters Mars ' atmosphere when the planet 's tilt increases .	Pres
FPCC pursues its mandate through the following programs :	Pres
Community-based language recorders select which language resources to make accessible at FV Kids , ensuring that the content is suitable for young audiences .	Pres
'The First Peoples ' Language Map of British Columbia divides the province of British Columbia by approximate language boundary .	Pres
They also sang on Green 's album , " I Can 't Stop " , produced by Mitchell , for Blue Note Records , ( 2003 ) .	Pres
Charlie Chalmers now resides in Branson , Missouri , where he produces in his studio , " Branson Recording & Music Productions " .	Pres
RateItAll also lets users submit lists .	Pres
A continuing problem for all businesses in this category is eliminating reviews by unqualified reviewers interested only in " easy money " who offer hyped reviews .	Pres
The agreement outlines the state 's plan to address issues identified by the Department of Justice in 2006 and 2008 .	Pres
The Denton State School employs about 1,500 staff and has a budget in excess of $ 44 million annually .	Pres
The school employs approximately 790 people .	Pres
The center employs approximately 1,400 people .	Pres
Today , the Idaho ANG performs a worldwide ground-air support mission , along with a forward air controller training mission and support for active-duty USAF training missions .	Pres
The host produces antibodies against the parasitic enzyme indicating a low sequence identity .	Pres
Fructose-bisphosphate aldolase [ EC 4.1.2.13 ] catalyzes a key reaction in glycolysis and energy production and is produced by all four species .	Pres
The Second Anglo-Mysore War was entering its closing stages and the regiment took part in the relief of Cannonore in December 1783 .	Pres
The approval process involves an independent Marker Review Committee that meets once annually to review submitted historical marker applications .	Pres
In some cases , properly credentialed independent scholars may be Teaching Fellows as well .	Pres
The Ottoman ships burnt the Byzantine ones in a naval battle .	Pres
I testify that Muhammad is the Prophet of Allah . "	Pres
It also produces good wines .	Pres
Reaching home , he notices a pipe in his bedroom is leaking and leaving a stain .	Pres
Jonathan receives a call on Wyatt 's phone , from a woman who asks if he is free that night .	Pres
He impulsively agrees to meet her at a hotel bar .	Pres
When she arrives , they proceed directly to a hotel room and have sex .	Pres
In the morning , Jonathan realizes that Wyatt must be in an exclusive sex club .	Pres
When Wyatt calls the next day , he encourages Jonathan to continue in the sex club .	Pres
Jonathan assumes that her name begins with an " S " because of her S-shaped keychain .	Pres
Jonathan rejects other callers , responding only when he gets a new call from " S " .	Pres
They again spend hours together before going to a hotel room .	Pres
Someone knocks him out , and when he wakes up , the room is in order .	Pres
Jonathan looks for Wyatt , but his law firm doesn 't know him and a woman is living in what Jonathan thought was Wyatt 's apartment .	Pres
Jonathan receives a voice mail on Wyatt 's cell phone from Tina , who seems to know Wyatt personally .	Pres
At the audit , Jonathan executes the wire transfer .	Pres
Just as he arrives at his apartment , Jonathan notices that the picture was taken before the pipe started leaking .	Pres
When he attempts to withdraw the funds , he learns that the co-signer , Wyatt Bose , must be present .	Pres
He demands half of the $ 20 million .	Pres
Wyatt agrees , then leads Jonathan to a quiet park and pulls a gun .	Pres
Jonathan pursues her , leaving a dead Wyatt and all the money behind .	Pres
She apologizes to him and leaves in a cab , in tears .	Pres
Days later , Jonathan is walking around Madrid as he continues his futile search for " S. "	Pres
The beds dip gently to moderately in a south-easterly direction .	Pres
" When The Heartache Is Over " is a song by American recording artist Tina Turner .	Pres
He is hoping to crack America on his own terms with his next album .	Pres
It also receives funding from other sources , including the Law Foundation of British Columbia and the Notary Foundation of British Columbia .	Pres
The legal community in British Columbia strongly supports legal aid services and continues to protest the funding reductions .	Pres
The results indicate that vocalizations did significantly correlate with girls ’ later intelligence , increasingly so with age , and more highly with verbal then performance scores .	Pres
He currently resides in Glasgow with his partner and bandmate Chloe Philip .	Pres
It shares many properties found among the other methyltransferases .	Pres
It also shares many structural properties like the shape of the folding lip with catechol-O-methyl transferase ( COMT ) , though it shares less sequence identity .	Pres
PNMT catalyzes the transfer of a methyl group from SAM to norepinephrine , converting it into epinephrine .	Pres
This increases the potency of the catecholamine response system , increasing the sympathetic output and making the stress response more profound .	Pres
In animals who have had their pituitary gland removed , the addition of glucocorticoids significantly lengthens the half life of PNMT enzymes .	Pres
Epinephrine synthesis and therefore PNMT location has been largely found to be contained in the adrenal medulla or adrenal gland of most species .	Pres
Newer studies are also showing PNMT mRNA and protein to be expressed in other regions of the body as well .	Pres
This suggests a central role that PNMT and epinephrine play in the synthesis of ethanol and pentobarbital induced sedation and intoxication .	Pres
As she begins telling her mother she shouldn 't trust her father and bringing up the possibility of the condition worsening , Sandra collapses in the kitchen .	Pres
In New York , Isaac Mendez explains to Mr. Bennet and The Haitian that Peter has become invisible .	Pres
Isaac asks what does he do with it .	Pres
Bennet replies , " Save the world . "	Pres
Peter theorizes that he absorbed the ability from Sylar when they met in Texas .	Pres
When Mr. Bennet and The Haitian try to intercept both men , Peter throws Claude down the building .	Pres
Before Mr. Bennet can pursue them , he receives a phone call from Claire about his wife 's condition .	Pres
As Peter soars through the skies of New York , he anxiously flies to his apartment while carrying Claude .	Pres
While lying on a bed in Peter 's apartment , Claude punches Peter in the face .	Pres
He reveals that he was once abducted , received the mysterious marks on his neck and has been on the run from those people ever since .	Pres
Now that they know he is alive , he realizes that he cannot stay with Peter without being in danger and departs .	Pres
Peter realizes that Isaac was the one who tipped off Mr. Bennet .	Pres
Since they have found nothing , Simone suggests revealing their abilities to the world and getting the press involved in finding him .	Pres
Hiro Nakamura manages to convince the Gaming Commission Officer to bring him along to find Ando and Hope .	Pres
Hope forces Ando at gunpoint to back away .	Pres
He bends down to place flowers at the foot of the tombstone , but they wither away and die .	Pres
The ground of the cemetery around him dies as well due to the enormous amount of radioactivity .	Pres
Janice insists that Matt hand them over to the police immediately , but Matt receives an important telephone call and leaves .	Pres
Reluctantly , Matt agrees to help them .	Pres
Mohinder admits he was a little skeptical with " Zane " at first about coming along , but he is now beginning to trust him .	Pres
As hospital staff turn to see the argument , Mr. Bennet moves Claire into a corner and quietly explains that what she knows is very dangerous .	Pres
Isaac completes a painting of Peter in his loft only to discover him there already .	Pres
Peter confronts Isaac about his betrayal but Isaac is adamant that what he was doing would save the world .	Pres
Peter concludes that Isaac is jealous of his relationship with Simone and wants to ruin it .	Pres
Peter cradles Simone in his arms as he and Isaac watch her die .	Pres
The episode alternates between the hostage story at the Bennet house and flashbacks to Noah Bennet 's time working for Primatech .	Pres
Bennet 's mysterious boss , Thompson , informs him that each agent is paired with a person with a superhuman power .	Pres
Bennet shoots Claude , who becomes invisible and Bennet concludes that his body has fallen off the bridge .	Pres
He assures her that they are her real family .	Pres
When Bennet asks Claire how he looks , she replies , " Like my dad . "	Pres
Bennet retrieves a hidden gun which , after a scuffle , Ted confiscates .	Pres
An agitated Ted threatens to shoot Claire 's mother , Sandra Bennet .	Pres
Matt defuses the situation by shooting Claire , on the mental instructions of both Claire and her father .	Pres
Ted suggests that Matt take Bennet to Primatech for evidence while Ted stays behind with Sandra and her son Lyle as hostages .	Pres
Matt convinces them to give Ted what he wants .	Pres
At the Bennet house , Claire sneaks downstairs to untie her dumbfounded mother and brother , who thought her dead .	Pres
Sandra witnesses Claire burned by Ted , then healing herself .	Pres
Everyone exits the house but Bennet , who can 't get close enough to Ted to use the tranquilizer .	Pres
But Noah Bennet sees Thompson watching them and knows that he will have to give up Claire .	Pres
Thompson believes that it was the Haitian , not Bennet , who was hiding Claire all this time .	Pres
Thompson implies that after they put Ted through tests , they will kill him .	Pres
Thompson asks when Claire will be arriving .	Pres
In the car , Claire asks her father where she is going and he replies that he does not know .	Pres
Bennet stops at the same bridge where he shot Claude .	Pres
The Haitian is waiting for them .	Pres
The episode also marks Missy Peregrym 's first appearance as Candice Wilmer , although her illusion powers and name isn 't revealed until the next episode .	Pres
Initial results of the Caltech wind tunnel tests were disappointing .	Pres
Tie-bar ends on the gables indicate that it was built in 1778 , although there have been later additions to the red-brick , pantile-roofed building .	Pres
Pedro Rosselló , are campaigning to create a universal health care system by expanding the reform program to all citizens that lack a private insurance plan .	Pres
Meredith calls and informs Nathan that their daughter Claire is still alive .	Pres
Elsewhere , Mrs. Bennet 's health deteriorates , causing the rift between Claire and Mr. Bennet , since she blames him for her mother 's condition .	Pres
Meredith tells Claire that he will only disappoint her , and Meredith herself is going back to Mexico .	Pres
Claire hurls a stone at his rear window in anger .	Pres
With Matt 's power , he manages to take Malsky through a chase through the Diamond District building .	Pres
Matt overhears Niki and Jessica arguing and thinks that " two " women are involved .	Pres
He traps Jessica in a stairwell and asks of Niki 's whereabouts .	Pres
Hiro Nakamura and Ando Masahashi arrive back at Linderman 's hotel in Las Vegas and argue about the mission .	Pres
Hope says that she will introduce the men to Linderman if they retrieve her bag , which she left inside the room of her ex-boyfriend .	Pres
Hiro confronts Hope who punches him , knocking him out .	Pres
Ando retrieves her bag , and Hope convinces him to give her a ride .	Pres
Meanwhile , Jessica receives a photograph of her next target : Nathan Petrelli .	Pres
The 2007 season commemorates the 60th anniversary of Jackie Robinson 's entry into the game , breaking the color barrier .	Pres
In addition , Hancock was talking on a cell phone when the accident occurred and was not wearing a seatbelt .	Pres
It sits at 40 meters above sea level .	Pres
The polymerics align in microdomains facing all different directions , which ruins the optical effect .	Pres
The album combines the style and sound of Lovers Rock with Roots reggae and it features the hit , " Rumours " .	Pres
People are paying money for that , and believe in that .	Pres
How the hell are they believing it ?	Pres
Innovate BC focuses on the support of technology startups and entrepreneurs through programs , sponsorship and competitions that facilitate technology commercialization .	Pres
This excludes the channel from the strict rules in Norway that apply to advertising ( ban on advertisements aimed at children or interrupting programs ) .	Pres
Also unlike the other main channels , it wasn 't available on analogue terrestrial , having to rely on satellite and cable television for its distribution .	Pres
Here Comes The Weekend ( reprise )	Pres
The BSA send Overseas Commissioners in the 1920s and 1930s along with Baden-Powell in 1931 and 1934 to Australia in support of this effort .	Pres
Asian version ( Avalon Records MICP-10355 ) adds the following	Pres
However , screen captures from the episode are still missing on Comedy Central 's press site and the South Park section of comedycentral.com .	Pres
Many of his most famous films demonstrate this :	Pres
The ward elects three councillors to the 75-member metropolitan borough council , Wigan 's local authority .	Pres
The Oregon State Historic Preservation Office classifies the building as American Renaissance Revival .	Pres
The fabric utilizes a patented elastomeric mono-filament called " hytrel " that stretches and form a suspension system .	Pres
The Group manages three manufacturing facilities : two located in Hillsdale , Michigan and a third in Santa Teresa , New Mexico .	Pres
The Group also maintains a recycling facility in St. Clair Shores , Michigan .	Pres
It explores past and present theological concepts as they pertain to God and God 's relationship with creation .	Pres
The very name " Old Testament " theology designates it as a particularly Christian enterprise ; the conversation with Jewish scholars has been limited .	Pres
Work of this kind naturally paves the way for the development of Jewish biblical theology . "	Pres
A theological approach which depends entirely on historical facticity ignores the fact that the emphasis of the OT is on this relationship .	Pres
The OT presents YHWH as covenant maker and keeper .	Pres
Even when the people break conditional covenants , YHWH executes a plan to bring them back into the covenant .	Pres
The series bears a resemblance to " The Prince and the Pauper " .	Pres
Another stele from 1568 also confirms the founding date to be during the Liao dynasty .	Pres
The doors to the hall retain original 10th-century latticework .	Pres
Although rural , Thorncote Green supports several small businesses : -	Pres
SkySport Engineering also undertakes new-build projects as well as accident damage repairs and major aircraft renovations .	Pres
That entry simply lists the manor under Beeston ; the Domesday survey does not mention Thorncote , Hatch or Brook End in any of its entries .	Pres
The education lasts for two years in the school .	Pres
Douglas Education Center accepts applications year round .	Pres
" Sailing at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Star	Pres
The model integrates child development practices of tribal peoples and the findings of modern youth development research .	Pres
The Circle of Courage model portrays four growth needs of all children : Belonging , Mastery , Independence , and Generosity .	Pres
This study validates the positive effects of LSCI on both students and their educational environment .	Pres
Includes topical issues on a full range of strength-based interventions for children experiencing emotional and behavioral problems .	Pres
Challenges the notion that any child is unable to be helped and shares strategies based on research and cases .	Pres
This text accompanies RAP training which provides practical training on connecting with youth in conflict , clarifying problems and challenges , and restoring harmony .	Pres
It implies mutual understanding , close cooperation and harmony .	Pres
The mushroom secretes a whitish latex when it is cut or injured .	Pres
Sometimes the gills fork next the stem .	Pres
DirectHit utilizes monoclonal antibodies ( mAb ) corresponding to each biomarker to stain the tumor tissue samples .	Pres
When it is cut or injured , the mushroom oozes a white latex , which has an intensely peppery taste .	Pres
The acrid taste of the fruit bodies renders them unpalatable .	Pres
It stains cut flesh yellow , and tastes acrid .	Pres
Its gills change color from pale vinaceous to light pinkish-brown in maturity .	Pres
" Lactarius pubescens " is classified in the section " Piperites " , subsection " Piperites " .	Pres
The spore print is cream with a pinkish tint .	Pres
It tastes mild to slightly acrid or somewhat bitter .	Pres
It differs in the staining reaction of its injured flesh .	Pres
This enables the fungus to receive moisture , protection and nutritive byproducts of the tree , and affords the tree greater access to soil nutrients .	Pres
" Lactarius affinis " is commonly known as the " kindred milk cap " .	Pres
The mushroom oozes a whitish latex when it is cut , and injured tissue eventually turns a dull reddish color .	Pres
Field observations suggest that the fungus can form ectomycorrhizal associations with " Tsuga heterophylla " .	Pres
It produces large mushrooms with funnel-shaped caps reaching up to in diameter , on top of hard white stems that may reach long and up to thick .	Pres
" Russula brevipes " and " R. angustispora " are also somewhat similar in appearance , but they do not produce latex when cut or injured .	Pres
The mushroom produces an off-white latex when injured that stains the mushroom tissue brownish .	Pres
The color stains buff to olive-brown to dark brown when bruised .	Pres
Older fruit bodies tend to have less abundant and weaker-tasting latex .	Pres
At the time of the Battle of Miahuatlán , Díaz was advancing from the south towards the city of Oaxaca .	Pres
It deals with the philosophy of science .	Pres
In their place he advocates a " natural ontological attitude " ( NOA ) .	Pres
Fine argues that both realists and anti-realists share a basic " core " position about both everyday things and scientific statements .	Pres
They also trust the substantiated pronouncements of science that protons and electrons exist and have the size , mass and charge science assigns them .	Pres
They lie , according to Fine , in the additions that partisans make to the core .	Pres
Yet Fine admits that the working scientist believes " … in the existence of those entities to which his theories refer . "	Pres
In addition , Fine concedes that practitioners of science are in no need of the goals , interpretations or justifications of science that theorists can provide .	Pres
He argues that those who wish to ground " truth " in correspondence , empiricism , pragmatism , acceptance , etc .	Pres
Alan Musgrave argues that Fine distorts the varied positions of antirealists especially with regard to their support of the " core . "	Pres
He and others object to the way Fine equates his " core " position with their definition ( or anti-definition ) of " true . "	Pres
Robert Klee writes : " NOA seems like obvious inconsistent fence-sitting . "	Pres
Stathis Psillos writes " When is the question of theory-acceptance scientifically relevant , and when is it not ?	Pres
Fine refrains from saying , perhaps , because , in the final analysis , it always is relevant . "	Pres
This broadcasts to Chelmsford , Braintree , Witham , Maldon and South Woodham Ferrers .	Pres
Martin Sheen receives the " and " credit for his role as President Josiah Bartlet , while Jimmy Smits receives a " with " credit .	Pres
Toby admits to leaking the story about a military spacecraft and President Bartlet is forced to fire him .	Pres
The presidential race tightens up when Vinick 's lead is dampened by an accident at a nuclear plant he had championed .	Pres
Leo suffers a heart attack , and dies on the night of the election — reflecting the death of portrayer John Spencer — which Santos eventually wins .	Pres
He also was concurrently managing director of Cranston ’ s Hotels Ltd .	Pres
A .dcss file normally looks like this .	Pres
Although it received funding from Local Authorities , KAB depends upon donations from public , business and foundation sources to fund its work .	Pres
In the morning , Margulies , chief of the construction ’ s sixth sector , wakes up and hears that Kharkov beat the concrete-pouring record .	Pres
Nalbandov believes quantity cannot be raised without sacrificing quality , whereas Margulies believes that proper techniques can allow raised production without sacrificing quality .	Pres
Nalbandov spends most of the day showing him around and it is noted several times that he likes the “ cultured ” Americans .	Pres
He stays at the hospital for a time , but soon abandons his wife to return to the worksite and help the crew with the record .	Pres
Zagirov escapes Sayenko ’ s clutches and returns to the construction site to work the last few hours of the shift .	Pres
Because of the increased tempo of the shift , several problems arise .	Pres
The warehouse refuses his request , claiming the shift is over its cement quota already .	Pres
Korneyev appropriates two railroad cars of cement and brings them to the site without authorization .	Pres
Granger lectures occasionally at Ravensbourne Design College on entrepreneurship in design businesses .	Pres
Queens Awards for Export 2000 and 1997	Pres
Gray was exhibiting by 1910 and had her own studio where she painted portraits .	Pres
The painting now hangs in the town 's library .	Pres
Within two years the tourist attraction was facing bankruptcy , and more pieces of the collection were sold to pay off debt .	Pres
" About 146 standard gauge 2-8-0s survive in the United States , including Illinois Central No .	Pres
Jacobson still owns the locomotive .	Pres
It is one of three Schools class locomotives to survive the onset of diesel power .	Pres
Ranger Knudsen suggests Burt close the camp before leaving .	Pres
Fred convinces Burt to keep the camp open until the Mystery Inc. gang discovers what is going on .	Pres
The next day , everyone decides to spend the day at Big Moose Lake , home of the rich and modern Camp Big Moose .	Pres
During the chase , Scooby-Doo discovers a building at the bottom of Big Moose Lake .	Pres
Deacon decides he has had enough and wants to go back to Camp Big Moose , and Jessica drives him .	Pres
He explains that it was a mining town called Moose Creek , that was forced to be evacuated to create the dam and Big Moose Lake .	Pres
The gang realizes that if the Woodsman found the camp unoccupied , he would be free to destroy the dam .	Pres
The dam then explodes , and everyone narrowly escapes .	Pres
They unmask it again and it turns out to be Ranger Knudsen , who posed as the Woodsman , the Fishman , and the Spectre .	Pres
Velma explains that Boretti and Knudsen teamed up to scare away the kids at Camp Little Moose , explode the dam , and take the treasure .	Pres
The plot of the poem revolves around a fable within a fable .	Pres
All the animals suggest cures for the lion except for the fox .	Pres
The wolf suggests that the fox should be hanged for his failure to appear and offer a cure .	Pres
A panther warns the fox to present himself and make a defense ; the fox appears and explains that he was on a pilgrimage .	Pres
He looks back at her before he continues walking .	Pres
She disappears from his memories and from a picture .	Pres
Industrial estates around Kartepe constitute the major revenue of the city .	Pres
Although Kartepe is founded in the low plains the mountains at the south serve as winter sports complex for nearby İstanbul citizens .	Pres
Usually they declare a draw .	Pres
Jill ruins Thanksgiving dinner by loudly embarrassing a homeless guest .	Pres
Erin demands that Jack apologize , which he unwillingly does .	Pres
Since Jill has an open-ended plane ticket , she decides to stay until after Hanukkah , to Jack 's horror .	Pres
Jack encourages Jill to try online dating , but she is unsuccessful until Jack alters her profile .	Pres
When Jill 's date " Funbucket " meets her , he hides in the men 's room until she leaves the restaurant .	Pres
Pacino ignores Jack but is taken with Jill and gives her his phone number .	Pres
Jack hopes Jill will go home by New Year 's Eve , as the family is going on a cruise .	Pres
Jack 's friends and colleagues throw him a birthday party , extending the invite to Jill .	Pres
Pacino brings Jill to his home , but despite his infatuation with her , she is uninterested with him and soon leaves .	Pres
At sea , Jill refuses to see Pacino again , so Jack disguises himself as his sister and goes on her date with Pacino .	Pres
Advertising increasingly invades public spaces , such as schools , which some critics argue is a form of child exploitation .	Pres
Advertising occupies public space and more and more invades the private sphere of people .	Pres
Public space is increasingly turning into a gigantic billboard for products of all kind .	Pres
Advertising precedes the showing of films at cinemas including lavish ' film shorts ' produced by companies such as Microsoft or DaimlerChrysler .	Pres
Opponents equate the growing amount of advertising with a " tidal wave " and restrictions with " damming " the flood .	Pres
Kalle Lasn , one of the most outspoken critics of advertising , considers advertising " the most prevalent and toxic of the mental pollutants .	Pres
In the course of their life , the average American watches three years of advertising on television .	Pres
Companies buy the names of sports stadiums for advertising .	Pres
Düsseldorf has " multi-sensorial " adventure transit stops equipped with loudspeakers and systems that spread the smell of a detergent .	Pres
In Germany , the advertising industry contributes 1.5 % of the gross national income .	Pres
From the subjective point of view , this ' work ' opens fields of unexpected dimensions for advertising .	Pres
Five or six advertising agencies dominate this 400 billion U.S. dollar global industry .	Pres
In order to secure their advertising revenues the media have to create the best possible ' advertising environment ' .	Pres
The viewing rate measures the attention the media trades for the information offered .	Pres
Both the advertisements it carries and the editorial matter that acts as a support for it celebrate the consumer society .	Pres
This objectification greatly affects women ; however , men are also affected .	Pres
The long term prize : Loyalty of the kid translates into a brand loyal adult customer "	Pres
" Key advertising messages exploit the emerging independence of young people " .	Pres
The average Canadian child sees 350,000 TV commercials before graduating from high school , spends nearly as much time watching TV as attending classes .	Pres
Such advertising aims to promote products by convincing those who will always believe . ' "	Pres
" Fast food chains spend more than 3 billion dollars a year on advertising , much of it aimed at children ...	Pres
These businesses are constantly reaping the benefits of this child manipulation .	Pres
Research suggests that young people are aware of the most heavily advertised cigarette brands . "	Pres
They can sing the jingles and identify the logos , and they often have strong feelings about products .	Pres
Scenic America estimates the nationwide total of cities and communities prohibiting the construction of new billboards to be at least 1500 .	Pres
These groups criticize the complete occupation of public spaces , surfaces , the airwaves , the media , schools etc .	Pres
Media literacy organisations aim at training people , especially children , in the workings of the media and advertising in their programmes .	Pres
In the US , for example , the Media Education Foundation produces and distributes documentary films and other educational resources .	Pres
Although it stresses its independence , it accepts financial support from Bell Canada , CTVglobemedia , Canwest , Telus and S-VOX .	Pres
They achieve their goal by using stickers of the " Close Window " buttons used to close pop-up ads .	Pres
Efforts to that end are gathering more momentum , with Arkansas and Maine considering bills to implement such a taxation .	Pres
And this inspires me today , as I continue to keep pushing on . "	Pres
Each year after deliberation , the committee submits a nominee to the president of the Georgia Institute of Technology , who makes the final selection .	Pres
The species , known only from California , Arizona , and Mexico , grows on the ground in leaf litter near oak trees .	Pres
American author David Arora suggests that the fruit bodies may be used in a manner similar to the candy cap mushrooms , despite being not as fragrant .	Pres
Whatever the history of the island 's name , at least one 1790 maritime chart identifies it simply as Cold Arse .	Pres
The easement , held by Maine Coast Heritage Trust , permanently protects the natural area used by seabirds for nesting on Ragged Island .	Pres
Sure enough , Sylvester and the bulldog fall into a junkyard after the train cuts their chains .	Pres
They hear police sirens coming their way and hop down the road to escape as the short ends .	Pres
However , they learn that the machine cannot be used twice on the same pairing of bodies .	Pres
Series writer Eric Rogers considers this his favorite episode of the season .	Pres
Professor Farnsworth switches consciousness with Amy using a new invention so that he can relive his youth .	Pres
The Professor thoughtlessly suggests they might be able to switch back to their original bodies with a third person .	Pres
Bender switches bodies with the Professor ( Amy 's body ) so he can perform a robbery without being identified .	Pres
He decides to live a life of amazingly daring stunts and joins a robot circus .	Pres
He knocks out Nikolai 's first officer and cousin .	Pres
Bender tricks him into switching bodies with a robot wash bucket and inhabits Nikolai 's body , planning to live like an emperor .	Pres
He discovers that Nikolai 's fiancée and the first officer , who have been having an affair , are planning to kill him and blame the burglar .	Pres
They chase him to the United Nations General Assembly .	Pres
In order to beat Leela at her own game , Fry switches bodies with Zoidberg in an attempt to repulse Leela .	Pres
She switches bodies with Hermes so she can continue eating while Hermes slims Leela 's body back down .	Pres
While eating , she witnesses Fry and Leela making out in the Professor and Dr. Zoidberg 's bodies and loses her appetite for food .	Pres
The bucket , now in Amy 's body , professes its love to Scruffy , but he turns it away , noting their different lifestyles .	Pres
They proceed to do so , using themselves as the extras .	Pres
And I couldn 't have loved it more . "	Pres
The discovery of a severed head and leg at the rugby field suggests that it was a suicide attack carried out by an individual .	Pres
It promotes growth and best practice for advertisers , agencies , and media owners .	Pres
The third window , in the middle , carries the symbols of Habsburg power : the double-headed eagle with the coat of arms of Habsburg and Castile .	Pres
The magazine often publishes feature stories and city-guides covering subjects such as dining , doctors , real estate , and more .	Pres
Each August the magazine publishes its “ Best of Baltimore , ” which awards numerous individuals and businesses for being the best in its field .	Pres
The fjord widens into a bay dotted with skerries near its mouth , opening into Labrador Sea at approximately , near the former Kangeq settlement .	Pres
Ravenpaw wakes up in the Moonstone Cave .	Pres
Barley wakes up from a nightmare , telling Ravenpaw of his life in BloodClan , where he had three littermates .	Pres
They encounter a patrol of WindClan warriors .	Pres
The patrol thinks that Barley and Ravenpaw have kidnapped Crowkit , a mischievous young gray tom .	Pres
Ravenpaw promises to help look for Crowkit and the patrol leaves .	Pres
Ravenpaw suggests that they travel to ThunderClan through Fourtrees .	Pres
They hear fighting , seeing that Mudclaw 's patrol has crossed the ThunderClan border to accuse a ThunderClan patrol of stealing Crowkit .	Pres
Dustpelt agrees to take Barley and Ravenpaw to Firestar .	Pres
He asks what 's brought Barley and Ravenpaw to ThunderClan .	Pres
They tell him everything , and Firestar agrees to help .	Pres
He learns that BloodClan cats have been attacking patrols .	Pres
When they return to camp , Barley hints to Ravenpaw that he might have known Snipe before .	Pres
Barley sees what happened , and he goes to Firestar to tell everything he knows .	Pres
Ravenpaw suggests that Violet might know more , reasoning that she still lives in Twolegplace .	Pres
He gathers a battle patrol .	Pres
The patrol slips out of camp and heads to the place that Mitzi showed them .	Pres
Only one cat stays behind , and it is Fritz , Mitzi 's son .	Pres
Firestar promises Ravenpaw that when his clan has rested , he will lead a patrol to drive Willie and his group of rogues from the farm .	Pres
It extends along Rowayton Street from Witch Lane to Pennoyer Street , and includes all of the properties on the latter as well .	Pres
It revolves around the storyline that Darwin has just broken up with his girlfriend , who is one of two air-control pilots .	Pres
The girlfriend rejects Darwin 's calls and even tampers with the flight controls so as to send Darwin falling through the sky .	Pres
Although the website is primarily a slide hosting service , it also supports documents , PDFs , videos and webinars .	Pres
The Protecode product suite produces a software inventory report , cross-referenced to licensing and copyright attributes , to indicate corresponding licensing obligations .	Pres
Protecode Library Auditor integrates with Perforce .	Pres
PartstorePRO supports tax exempt institutions with their parts and accessories needs and has the ability to bill based on state-specific exemption status .	Pres
The semi-finals were two-leg matches played between each nation 's group winners .	Pres
The Athletics Department currently supports approximately forty-five coaches for the middle school and high school teams .	Pres
In the Comoros , it reaches and roosts in lava tubes as well as shallower caves .	Pres
In the Comoros , individual colonies or groups sometimes consist exclusively of one color variant , but there is no apparent genetic differentiation between the two forms .	Pres
Its range extensively overlaps that of " M. aelleni " , which is regularly found in the same forests and caves .	Pres
Austrian road signs depict people with realistic ( as opposed to stylized ) silhouettes .	Pres
It marks 9 years since the release of Face to Face 's previous studio album " How to Ruin Everything " in 2002 .	Pres
Five other smaller verdures of various sizes cost £ 11-4s .	Pres
The historian and curator Thomas P. Campbell suggests these may have been simple armorial tapestries or borders to be attached to figural tapestries purchased elsewhere .	Pres
A palmette design adorns the top of the gable at the apex .	Pres
Specifically , Carbys ' designs reflect the Late Classic and early Postclassic Eras .	Pres
The economy of Gratis exists predominantly by commuting with the nearby cities of Monroe and Winder .	Pres
Annually , the foundation distributes over two million pieces of medically reviewed educational information on sun protection and skin cancer .	Pres
Dilomprizulike explains his installation " Wear and Tear " in these terms :	Pres
Kal Tire carries a full range of commercial truck tires and is also the largest retreader of commercial tires in Canada .	Pres
Kal Tire also carries and services industrial-use tires for equipment such as forklifts , excavators and tracked vehicles .	Pres
The common also conserves a few patches of Renosterveld and a seasonal wetland , giving it a hugely varied biodiversity for such a small area .	Pres
This stretch of land also protects 110 species of bird , as well as small mammals , reptiles and amphibians .	Pres
The modern district of " Friesland " owes its name to its location in the north of Oldenburg Land - i.e .	Pres
The school prayer asks students to remember Charles Reade ' and all other our benefactors ' .	Pres
None of the original 17th-century school buildings survive into the present day .	Pres
The ruins of the Moore family 's large stately home , Moore Hall , lie on Muckloon Hill overlooking Lough Carra .	Pres
He paint his works mostly from the memory , creating the artistic equivalent of his deeply personal perception of nature .	Pres
His paintings reside in museums and private collections in Russia , Germany , France , England , the U.S. , Italy , and others .	Pres
The existence of 33 species of mammals indicates a maintained high diversity , despite the environmental problems affecting the ecosystem .	Pres
Mangroves covers about half of the area , located in the western and northern parts of the sanctuary .	Pres
Palms prosper in the lower-altitudes , and moss of the genus " Sphagnum " grows in the swamps .	Pres
Four of the country 's most important rivers originate within the area : Magdalena River , Cauca River , Japurá River and Patía River .	Pres
The average yearly rainfall is and tend to decrease as elevation increases .	Pres
I don ’ t think about it much unless people remind me .	Pres
He throws and hits right-handed , and was drafted 895th in the 1995 draft .	Pres
Currently , he coaches for the Headfirst baseball program .	Pres
The Horace D 'Angelo , Jr . Memorial Awards - recognizes outstanding senior living advocacy efforts .	Pres
The official music video of the song shows Stromae himself at a filming stage falling in love with his film partner .	Pres
In the video , Stromae emulates the gestures and impassioned style of Jacques Brel .	Pres
The Allentown Fairgrounds offers many attractions :	Pres
Term Limits and the architect of nationwide term limits campaigns in 1992 and 1994 .	Pres
" " Triumph United and Osiris shoes announce Partnership " " Triumph United and Osiris shoes announce Partnership	Pres
Along with sponsoring MMA athletes T * U sponsors Muay Thai Fighters like John Wayne Parr and several Jiu Jitsu fighters .	Pres
Most artificial neural networks bear only some resemblance to their more complex biological counterparts , but are very effective at their intended tasks ( e.g .	Pres
In this network the information moves only from the input layer directly through any hidden layers to the output layer without cycles / loops .	Pres
Units respond to stimuli in a restricted region of space known as the receptive field .	Pres
This corresponds to a prior belief in small parameter values ( and therefore smooth output functions ) in a Bayesian framework .	Pres
Linearity ensures that the error surface is quadratic and therefore has a single easily found minimum .	Pres
Its network creates a directed connection between every pair of units .	Pres
An online hybrid between BPTT and RTRL with intermediate complexity exists , with variants for continuous time .	Pres
The Long short-term memory architecture overcomes these problems .	Pres
It guarantees that it will converge .	Pres
A set of neurons learn to map points in an input space to coordinates in an output space .	Pres
These units connect from the hidden layer or the output layer with a fixed weight of one .	Pres
Hierarchical RNN connects elements in various ways to decompose hierarchical behavior into useful subprograms .	Pres
The Nth order RNN connects the first and last node .	Pres
A CoM tends to stabilize the result .	Pres
This corrects the bias of the neural network ensemble .	Pres
If new data become available , the network instantly improves its predictive ability and provides data approximation ( self-learns ) without retraining .	Pres
Spiking neural networks ( SNN ) explicitly consider the timing of inputs .	Pres
Techniques to estimate a system process from observed data fall under the general category of system identification .	Pres
Depending on the FIS type , several layers simulate the processes involved in a fuzzy inference-like fuzzification , inference , aggregation and defuzzification .	Pres
HTM combines existing ideas to mimic the neocortex with a simple design that provides many capabilities .	Pres
To win her love , he joins the boys ' football team to participate in the Norway Cup , a large tournament held in Oslo .	Pres
However , Lucas realizes things will be more difficult than he initially thought , because Susanne already has a boyfriend .	Pres
" This feels much easier [ than " Let the Right One In " ] .	Pres
The three communities of Aneroid , Hazenmore and Kincaid all lie inside Pinto Creek No.75 .	Pres
The Dual Investment Program emphasizes the importance of investing both in the entrepreneur and in the venture .	Pres
It organizes the International Congress on Child Abuse and Neglect , the largest conference in the world about child abuse .	Pres
Since March 2 , 2009 , Jong-hoon has been attending the University of Suwon in Hwaseong , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .	Pres
He is majoring in digital music alongside former band member Oh Won Bin .	Pres
In this show , stars discuss major style trends and dress a shopper according to a chosen style theme .	Pres
These students will be competing at the Skills USA Nationals competition in July 2011 .	Pres
They were anticipating being equipped with new Fokker Dr.I triplanes .	Pres
It also incorporates the use of the electric and acoustic guitar , synthesizers and drum programming by both Pallot and Chatterley .	Pres
The video resembles performances of the song done during her 2009 For You , For Me Tour , featuring the same dances by choreographer Tony Testa .	Pres
When the chorus starts , Minogue sits on two Marshall amps while animated flowers , 3D bears and bold letters echoing lyrics move through the screens .	Pres
At the central plaza of Amalienborg Palace , Frederiksgade intersects Amaliegade , the other , longer axis of the district .	Pres
The painting , over a background with gently steeped hills , portrays a fight between the symbolic figures of Love and Chastity .	Pres
The opera opens with musicians serenading Marianne beneath her balcony .	Pres
However , Octave , after a certain amount of hesitation , decides to let Coelio take up the assignation with Marianne instead .	Pres
Meanwhile , Claudio suspects his wife of being unfaithful to him .	Pres
He determines to hire swordsmen to kill the lover when he gets near the house .	Pres
In the last scene , Octave declares to Marianne that he never had serious feelings for her .	Pres
It possesses a ( peanut shell ) -shaped bulge , associated with stellar bar .	Pres
The NARA retains some files on Lindemans and the documents are located among the Office of the Secretary of Defense ( RG 330 ) records .	Pres
Some statutes or sentencing guidelines specify that certain increases or decreases in the sentencing range must occur if certain facts are proven .	Pres
" Purple indicates Supporters ' Shield clinched " < br >	Pres
" Yellow indicates Regular Season Runners-up clinched " < br >	Pres
" Green indicates playoff berth clinched "	Pres
" Purple indicates regular season champion " < br >	Pres
" Green indicates playoff berth clinched "	Pres
However , NAPFA members differ on how they charge the fee .	Pres
Rates vary by region of the country and an advisor 's experience level and expertise .	Pres
In the local prison , Miss Plunkett seduces the Chief of Police , and the tourists are released .	Pres
Back at the hotel , Mrs Blunt resumes her sex life with a surprised Stanley after having a brief affair with Georgio .	Pres
As the hotel begins to collapse Pepe finally loses his patience and sanity with the guests , who party on , oblivious to the disintegrating hotel .	Pres
The area of Lawncrest extends from Tacony Creek Park to Tyson Avenue .	Pres
The Newtown Branch / New York Short Line of the Reading Railroad ( now SEPTA / CSX ) separates Lawncrest from Montgomery County .	Pres
Tookany / Tacony Creek also skirts through a portion of the Community .	Pres
Tensions were rising in the region ; the Bangladesh Liberation War broke out in March and led to the war between India and Pakistan in December .	Pres
South Street 's reputation for entertainment extends to the turn of the twentieth century .	Pres
He resides in Englewood , New Jersey .	Pres
He speaks extensively in the United States , Israel , and other countries .	Pres
He believes that the biggest threat to marriage doesn ’ t come from gay marriage , but heterosexual divorce .	Pres
As a transitional dialect between Sicilian and Neapolitan , Cosentino shares many sounds , words and features unique to each of the Sicilian and Neapolitan groups .	Pres
To the north of the station , lie two tracks that are part of the Metropolitan Goods line .	Pres
To the north of the station , lie two tracks that are part of the Goods Line .	Pres
The building is four bays in length , with the bays defined by engaged brick piers which coincide with the awning supports .	Pres
The landing extends past the front of the building over a public walkway to a flight of metal stairs .	Pres
The ground floor incorporates the interlocking room and relay room .	Pres
The footbridge retains its original haunched beam structure but has a new concrete floor , new balustrades and canopy cover .	Pres
The access stairs to Platform 1 are modern .	Pres
The overbridge retains all of its original steel beams and jack arches as well as the brick abutments , piers and parapet walls .	Pres
The female toilet retains the early partitions , but with new fixtures .	Pres
He also writes articles about gambling for websites such as worldcasinodirectory.com , gambling.co.uk , and his own site goldentouchcraps.com .	Pres
As of 2007 , he writes the " Ask Frank " column for " Casino City Times " .	Pres
In this approach , one determines the absolute structure of a noncentrosymmetric crystal .	Pres
Bangla Academy confers " Shaheed Munier Choudhury Memorial Award " to book publishing houses for the merit of quality of printing and aesthetic values .	Pres
Magic Pro Tours award $ 250,000 in cash prizes with $ 40,000 being awarded to the winner alone .	Pres
Sometimes they involve parodies or puns .	Pres
Asimov discusses one particular elephant joke that he states is notable for the exceptional sophistication of its humor .	Pres
The absurdity of the first riddle 's answer subverts the audience 's initial expectations .	Pres
The final riddle concludes by again absurdly subverting the audience 's expected framework .	Pres
The humor for independent elephant jokes relies on absurd answers that ignore expectations , yet have a certain appropriateness .	Pres
Elephant jokes thus not only deliberately undermine the conventions of riddles , they even act to undermine themselves .	Pres
It grows up to tall .	Pres
In spring , it produces bright green foliage with masses of small white flowers .	Pres
It produces clusters of black , berry-like fruit around in diameter .	Pres
The chemical variants ( or chemotypes ) seem dependent upon the country of origin of the tree .	Pres
The Tsunami PTSD Center proposes specifically to address the mental health needs of tsunami-affected areas through clinical research , treatment programs and educational initiatives .	Pres
In addition to acting in films , Vidya promotes humanitarian causes and supports the empowerment of women .	Pres
According to Vidya , they speak a mix of Tamil and Malayalam at home .	Pres
Besides acting in film , Vidya promotes humanitarian causes and supports charitable institutions .	Pres
The city specializes in the import and export of various products including sisal , cotton , rice , peanuts and soap .	Pres
The Purist Manifesto lays out the rules Ozenfant and Le Corbusier created to govern the Purist movement .	Pres
Modern scholarship generally rejects his claim that Cyrus was the grandson of Astyages .	Pres
Ancient sources agree that after Astyages was taken by Cyrus he was treated with clemency , though the accounts differ .	Pres
Both " The Cat Creeps " and " La Voluntad del muerto " were remakes of " The Cat and the Canary " ( 1927 ) .	Pres
An incomplete Turbo Interchange currently exists at Hwy 101 and Lagimodiere ( Hwy 59 ) .	Pres
MeTV also airs locally in Phoenix on Cox Communications digital channel 93 .	Pres
It travels through Thomasville , Albany , Griffin , Atlanta , Calhoun , and Dalton .	Pres
SR 3 heads through Calhoun , crosses I-75 for a fifth time just south of Resaca , and continues to head north into Whitfield County .	Pres
When Department of Transport officials break up the event , Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan .	Pres
Ballard drives Vaughan 's Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and has sex with street prostitutes and , later , Ballard 's wife .	Pres
As he caresses her bruised body on the grass median near the crash , she replies that she is unhurt .	Pres
The consensus reads : " Despite the surprisingly distant , clinical direction , Crash 's explicit premise and sex is classic Cronenberg territory . "	Pres
In Australia , summer officially lasts from December to February , and therefore includes Christmas and New Year holidays .	Pres
In Austria , summer vacation dates vary by region , however the break lasts nine weeks throughout the whole country .	Pres
In Belgium , summer vacation lasts in general from July 1 until September 1 ( 2 months ) .	Pres
In Brazil , summer break lasts between 50 and 60 days ; from late November - early December , to early February .	Pres
School generally resumes the day after Labour Day ( in September ) .	Pres
In Chile , summer vacation lasts from early or mid-December until late February or early March ( 10 , 11 or 12 weeks ) .	Pres
In Costa Rica , summer vacation lasts 2 months .	Pres
Eastern break lasts 10 days .	Pres
In Denmark , summer break lasts from the end of June to early or mid-August ( 6 weeks ) .	Pres
In most private schools , summer break lasts from the middle or end of June to the beginning of September ( 2.5 Months – 10 Weeks )	Pres
The vacation lasts for 2 to 3 months .	Pres
In Germany , summer vacation lasts six and a half weeks .	Pres
In Greece , the summer vacation lasts for 3 months .	Pres
In Hungary , summer vacation usually lasts from mid-June to early September ( 11 or 12 weeks ) .	Pres
Moreover , summer vacation lasts for no more than six weeks in most schools .	Pres
In Iran , summer vacation lasts three months .	Pres
In Jordan , summer vacation lasts almost 3 months and most schools take summer vacation from mid-June to mid-September .	Pres
In Lebanon , summer vacation lasts almost 3 months and most schools take summer vacation from mid-June to early-to-mid September .	Pres
In Libya , summer break lasts from the beginning or the middle of June until the middle of September ( 3 Months – 14 Weeks ) .	Pres
In Morocco , summer vacation lasts from June 20 until the beginning of September ( 2 months ) .	Pres
Some tertiary institutions observe their Summer breaks in the normal summer period when elementary and high schools observe theirs , while others do not .	Pres
This long break helps the students get good jobs during the holiday .	Pres
In Norway , summer vacation typically lasts from mid June to mid August , for a minimum of 8 weeks .	Pres
In Pakistan , Summer vacation lasts for two to three months depending on the type of school ( public or private ) .	Pres
This coincides with the country 's tropical months from March to June .	Pres
Students usually spend 1 – 1.5 hours at school to pick up their report cards on their last day of school .	Pres
In Slovakia , summer break lasts from July 1 until September 1 ( 2 months and Constitution Day ) .	Pres
Winter Break lasts from late June to early July , and there are 10 days of Easter holidays .	Pres
Normally it lasts from mid-June to late August ( a minimum of 9 – 10 weeks , differs for each county ) .	Pres
As an example in Zürich , it lasts five weeks and between mid-July and mid-August .	Pres
In Syria , summer vacation lasts 3 months .	Pres
This varies 2 or 3 days by school or year .	Pres
In the United States , summer vacation lasts two to three months .	Pres
This belief maintains that the current school calendar has a two to three-month break so that children could assume the necessary tasks of planting and harvesting crops .	Pres
In this version of the fireship tale , a Portuguese captain arrived on the shores of Heron Island in Baie des Chaleurs in 1501 .	Pres
The abstract term denotes the universal , the concrete term the particular .	Pres
The banner usually targets a specific corporation , law , political campaign , etc .	Pres
Fordham Prep 's 1 to 1 program integrates personal computers with course materials .	Pres
Every student owns a tablet , on which they take notes , read handouts , and complete homework .	Pres
The Dramatics Society puts on two shows a year in the Leonard Theater .	Pres
She retains the role of patron .	Pres
She resides in Sydney and describes herself as a designer and artist .	Pres
Publicly traded company Applied Energetics ( formerly Ionatron ) develops directed-energy weapons for the United States military .	Pres
They are also studying a laser-induced plasma channel ( LIPC ) as a way to stop people from going through a corridor or passageway .	Pres
It builds hospitals and other medical facilities , hires and trains local staff , and delivers a range of healthcare , from in-home consultations to cancer treatments .	Pres
It also removes barriers to maintaining good health , such as dirty water or a lack of food , and strengthens the rights of the poor .	Pres
PIH now embraces a holistic approach to tackling disease , poverty , and human rights in a variety of countries .	Pres
Partners In Health collaborates closely with Harvard Medical School and the Brigham and Women 's Hospital .	Pres
At the invitation of local governments , it strengthens and sustains public health systems in remote , rural areas .	Pres
It helps local experts conduct academic research that leads to clinical innovation .	Pres
It employs 5,700 Haitians , including doctors , nurses , and community health workers .	Pres
SES is conducting the world 's largest TB research study , the EPI Project .	Pres
CES aims to provide a more reliable , community-based alternative by training and employing local community health promoters , called " promotores " .	Pres
EAPSEC believes that " a life of dignity " is a human right .	Pres
Work in Tomsk also encompasses health education for the public and clinical and program management training for medical personnel in Tomsk .	Pres
PIH also supports partner projects in the following countries :	Pres
These subtropical reef-associated and oceanodromous fishes usually inhabit open water but they are mostly found in shallow waters at depths of 15 to 50 m .	Pres
What better birthday present could one ever hope for ? "	Pres
Although the scientist later admits that the real reason he 's been doing it is not the money , but because he 's just plain mean .	Pres
Once on board , the hijack begins and the Russian-trained commandos demand that Hank land on an Arctic ice cap where the real battle of survival begins .	Pres
The station , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc . , broadcasts on 1470 kHz .	Pres
WSAN carries a Spanish-language sports radio format supplied by ESPN Deportes .	Pres
Their decision to abandon oldies music in 1992 was due to 99.9 FM WODE 's adopting the format in late 1991 .	Pres
This station 's digital signal , like most other full-service TBN owned-and-operated stations , carries five different TBN-run networks .	Pres
The key schedule produces the needed round keys from the initial key .	Pres
However , in its final ratings trend as a CHR , WHXT had beat WAEB-FM by two-tenths of a point .	Pres
The translator broadcast WODE-FM analog / HD1 programming until April 15 , 2016 , when it began simulcasting the programming of sister station WWYY via WODE-FM-HD2 .	Pres
These differences underlie the different characteristics of their hand bones .	Pres
Knuckle-walking tends to evolve when the fingers of the forelimb are specialized for tasks other than locomotion on the ground .	Pres
" The retention of knuckle-walking morphology in the earliest hominids indicates that bipedalism evolved from an ancestor already adapted for terrestrial locomotion .	Pres
The university employs over 200 staff members .	Pres
Hume 's whitethroat breeds at altitudes of 2,000 – 3,600 m in open scrub , often with juniper , and in cultivated areas such as almond orchards .	Pres
It migrates south to southern Pakistan and India in the winter , where it does overlap with wintering lesser whitethroats in some areas .	Pres
The name commemorates the British naturalist Allan Octavian Hume who worked in India .	Pres
Charged particle beams diverge rapidly due to mutual repulsion , so neutral particle beams are more commonly proposed .	Pres
A neutral-particle-beam weapon ionizes atoms by either stripping an electron off of each atom , or by allowing each atom to capture an extra electron .	Pres
, the university maintains the following campuses :	Pres
In response to this campaign , there was rioting in the capital of Kampala .	Pres
The university builds students on the 4Cs : Creativity , Confidence , Competence and Character .	Pres
His kindly manner enables him to gain the confidence of witnesses and suspects , many of whom reveal their eccentricities to him .	Pres
This exposes it to pressures far beyond what it would experience in normal service .	Pres
Management contracts involve not just selling a method of doing things ( as with franchising or licensing ) but involve actually doing them .	Pres
For example , the Heathrow Airport Holdings Limited of Britain retains general airport management skills .	Pres
They also accolade management contract companies to upgrade and operate public utilities .	Pres
By entering into such agreements businesses are risking their privacy .	Pres
This puts the business in a vulnerable position .	Pres
For example , businessman hires a contract management company for the operations of the company .	Pres
It doesn 't want any interference from the owner but at the same time wants continuous supply of investment for the expansion and growth of the project .	Pres
From the " paper of Romagnano " of 1198 we learn that Burgus sancti Leonardi already enjoyed the status of a free village at the time .	Pres
He sits as a Crossbencher .	Pres
Adults emerge when the soil begins to dry and cracks develop .	Pres
Each podcast is typically the " What Are You Talking About " round from that episode .	Pres
The podcast has been airing since April 10 , 2006 .	Pres
The winner of the WSORPS receives an entry into the WSOP Main Event .	Pres
This contributes to how it is classified as critically endangered , which is the most severe classification available .	Pres
As its name suggests , the Riverine rabbit prefers to occupy river basins and very particular shrubland .	Pres
It feeds on the dense shrubland and the soft soil allows for it to create vast burrows and dens for protection , brooding young , and thermoregulation .	Pres
Currently the habitat is decreasing in size , contributing to this species being classified as endangered .	Pres
This displays a main cause for its endangerment , which is that there is very little habitat left that can support it .	Pres
They eat riparian vegetation found along seasonal rivers in the Karoo Desert .	Pres
They sometimes eat grass depending on if it is the wet season .	Pres
Aside from their conventional food intake , they also consume their day-time droppings which are soft and come directly from the anus .	Pres
They feed on their preferred foods , flowers , grasses , leaves at night .	Pres
It produces two types of droppings .	Pres
It bears its young underground for protection .	Pres
The helpless offspring stays with the mother until it is capable of living on its own and fending for itself .	Pres
Indirectly , the habitat of riverine rabbit helps humans in farming .	Pres
They also recommend different methods of managing the habitat and the population in the wild .	Pres
Finally they recommend further efforts of informing the local populace as to how to protect the rabbit .	Pres
She was lacking a nose .	Pres
" Rebirth " predominantly consists of dance and hip hop music , while also incorporating ' 80s pop-rock .	Pres
It samples Shirley Murdock 's " As We Lay " .	Pres
" Ryde or Die " is an intense R & B and hip hop track which was co-written by singer Brandy for 2004 album " Afrodisiac " .	Pres
He is also contributing $ 100,000 of his winnings from the Pro-Am Equalizer to charities working in Darfur .	Pres
Blench ( 2011 ) suggests that Central Sudanic influenced the development of the noun-class system characteristic of the Niger – Congo languages .	Pres
The epic poetry of János Arany presents the legendary and historical past of his nation .	Pres
Arany was drawing a parallel here with Austria 's treatment of Hungary and the Hungarians .	Pres
He resides in Las Vegas with girlfriend Melissa Hayden and their dog .	Pres
I walk following my own shadow tall at the front	Pres
He also believes strongly in fate .	Pres
These passions erupt in him through his contact with the beautiful Romani girl Esméralda , and eventually they prove his undoing .	Pres
He considers her to be a temptation sent by the Devil to test his faith , and curses her as a demon .	Pres
Frollo orders Quasimodo to abduct her , and then abandons him when the hunchback is suddenly captured by Captain Phoebus de Chateaupers and his guards .	Pres
Angered and humiliated , Frollo decides to rid himself of Esmeralda by handing her over to the authorities .	Pres
He watches calmly while Esmeralda is taken to the gallows .	Pres
A gargoyle stops his fall , and he cries out to Quasimodo for help , but Quasimodo remains silent .	Pres
He slides down the roof , hits the pavement of the town square and dies .	Pres
He inadvertently kills a woman in the group after chasing her as she tries to illegally enter Paris with a baby in tow .	Pres
Frollo asks God to have mercy on both him and Esmeralda , and resolves that " she will be mine , or she will burn " .	Pres
Frollo orders Phoebus to execute a miller and his family for not cooperating in telling him of Esmeralda 's location .	Pres
Phoebus refuses to carry out his order , and so Frollo burns the windmill with the family inside before Phoebus rescues them .	Pres
Quasimodo rescues her and brings her to the cathedral .	Pres
This tribe inhabits the dense hilly forests in the eastern part of the Satpuras , in Shahdol , Bilaspur , Rajnandgaon , Mandla and Balaghat districts .	Pres
The women who work as tattooing artists belong to the Ojha , Badni and Dewar tribes of Madhya Pradesh are called Godharins .	Pres
They supplement this diet with food from the forest , including many fruits and vegetables .	Pres
They hunt , primarily fish and small mammals .	Pres
For example , along the Rupununi River , where the population is largely Amerindian , a distinct form of Guyanese Creole exists .	Pres
A socially stratified creole speech continuum also exists between Guyanese English and Standard / British English .	Pres
For example , " Dis wata de col col " translates into " This water is very cold " .	Pres
" Mes Courants Électriques " was released on 18 March 2003 two years after her previous album " Gourmandises " .	Pres
In this album Alizee was showing she is growing .	Pres
" Mes Courants Électriques " tones down some of the overt sexual themes of her debut album , but retains the energy .	Pres
For that moment , Alizée was preparing her trip to Japan where the album was more focused in the Asian market .	Pres
The English version of " J 'ai pas vingt ans " is " I 'm Not Twenty " .	Pres
" Mes courants électriques " was generally well received by the contemporary critic reviews .	Pres
2005 's " All the Flowers Are Dying , " the sixteenth title in the series , seemed to have been written as a possible final chapter .	Pres
Wanlockhead owes its existence to the lead and other mineral deposits in the surrounding hills .	Pres
The beam engine and water bucket pumps were introduced into Wanlockhead in 1745 .	Pres
It differs from a standard intersection , where roads cross at grade .	Pres
A variant design separates all turning traffic into a parallel carriageway to minimize the problem of weaving .	Pres
However they consume significant less area of land compared to a cloverleaf interchange .	Pres
These involve at least one loop ramp connecting traffic either entering or leaving the terminating expressway with the far lanes of the continuous highway .	Pres
An example exists at the western terminus of M-14 in Michigan .	Pres
These interchanges usually involve left exits and entry for the outer carriageway ( right in left-hand drive ) but can be configured to meet on the right .	Pres
This typically increases the efficiency of the interchange when compared to a diamond .	Pres
Highway / non-highway hybrid interchanges consist of diamond and partial cloverleaf elements .	Pres
Nonetheless , not only did the performance sell out , but it did so with advance orders , and it raised the duo 's profile .	Pres
This austere approach to the design explains its functional appearance .	Pres
The locomotive Neville in the Thomas and Friends children 's television series is based on Q1 class No .	Pres
That is , one considers maps formula _ 20 from Baire space to the complex plane formula _ 21 .	Pres
This space of maps inherits a topology from the product topology on Baire space ; for example , one may consider functions having uniform convergence .	Pres
It also endeavors to remind us that these dangers are still relevant today .	Pres
This program comprises a teacher program , a student program and an academic program .	Pres
The teacher program encourages and helps teachers to incorporate the topic " Holocaust " into their classes .	Pres
At the end of this exhibition , the visitor watches two films of testimony .	Pres
Since 1999 sends the Austrian Service Abroad regularly Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servants to the Holocaust Museum Houston .	Pres
The struggle man faces , asserts Brihadaranyaka in brahmana 3 , is in his attempt to realize the " true reality behind perceived reality " .	Pres
He then asserts that this knowledge of the Soul , the Self , the Brahman is what makes one immortal , the connection immortal .	Pres
The sages debate the nature of death , asserts the third chapter of Brihadaranyaka Upanishad , and whether any graha and atigraha prevails after one dies .	Pres
The seventh brahmana discusses how and why the soul interconnects and has the oneness through all organic beings , all inorganic nature , all of universe .	Pres
It explores various aspects of the " Soul exists " theory , its phenomenal manifestations , and its philosophical implications on soteriology .	Pres
In the second brahmanam , the Upanishad explores the question , " what happens to soul after one dies ?	Pres
The second brahmanam concludes that soul exists is self-evident , soul is blissfully free , soul is eternally invulnerable , and soul is indescribable knowledge .	Pres
Max Müller translates it as follows ,	Pres
Yajnavalkya declares that Knowledge is Self , Knowledge is freedom , Knowledge powers inner peace .	Pres
( ... ) He therefore who knows it [ reached self-realization ] , becomes quiet , subdued , satisfied , patient , and collected .	Pres
He sees self in Self , sees all as Self .	Pres
This section , suggests Paul Deussen , was likely written later to clarify and add ideas considered important in that later age .	Pres
For example , Adi Shankara in his commentary on the " Brihadaranyaka Upanishad " explains the relation between consciousness , the mind and the body .	Pres
Mind creates desire , asserts " Brihadaranyaka Upanishad " , with its basis in pleasure .	Pres
For instance , in verse 2.4.13 Yajnavalkya asserts that everything in the universe is the Self .	Pres
The " Brihadaranyaka Upanishad " looks at reality as being indescribable and its nature to be infinite and consciousness-bliss .	Pres
The crucial goal in maintaining second-strike capabilities is preventing first-strike attacks from taking out a nation 's nuclear arsenal .	Pres
In addition to the nuclear triad , nations deploy an early warning system that detects incoming nuclear missiles .	Pres
The further processing of green coke by calcining in a rotary kiln removes residual volatile hydrocarbons from the coke .	Pres
, the machine supports Java 1.6 .	Pres
Gladman writes that Stow realised that the training of the street was more important than any individual .	Pres
When Haley 's Internet friends start disappearing in real life , the boys decide to help out .	Pres
Dumnorix , an Aedui chieftain opposed to the Romans , had been delaying supplies from reaching Caesar 's army .	Pres
The VM Magic classes reside in the " org.vmmagic " package and have been reused in other Java projects .	Pres
The Pran Buri River originates in southern part of the Kaeng Krachan National Park in the Tenasserim Hills and after empties into the Gulf of Thailand .	Pres
The high and wide earthen dam creates an artificial lake , which covers and has a capacity of .	Pres
Jupiter JVM is an open-source Java virtual machine , which has been developed as a master thesis with modularity and extensibility in mind .	Pres
The Corps wears distinctive shoulder flashes backed with the Bruce tartan .	Pres
( Not even the Elgin Regiment wears them . )	Pres
A train line connects it with the town of Humenné to the south and with Poland to the north .	Pres
Likewise the Royal Danish Army employs an ascot for the ceremonial version of the barrack dress , its colors vary between each company .	Pres
The midnight screening phenomenon was spreading around the country .	Pres
" Films that feature rock concerts draw big " , " Boxoffice " reported , " as do those dealing with outer space and fantasy " .	Pres
When conducting the experiment , the IB demands that certain ethical guidelines be followed .	Pres
Using the internal and external assessment , IB calculates a grade value of one through seven .	Pres
It explores the advantages and disadvantages of the access and use of digitized information at the local and global level .	Pres
Geography involves the study and investigation of human relationships with the environment .	Pres
In this second type of autotomy the lizard contracts a muscle to fracture a vertebra , rather than break the tail between two vertebrae .	Pres
This massive abdominal rupture kills the bee .	Pres
The drones die within minutes of mating .	Pres
Spacecraft design brings together aspects of various disciplines , namely :	Pres
The spacecraft bus carries the payload .	Pres
It puts the payload in the right orbit and keeps it there .	Pres
Thus while designing the mission ; the designer selects such an orbit which increases the payload performance .	Pres
The designer even calculates the required spacecraft performance characteristics such as pointing , thermal control , power quantity , and duty cycle .	Pres
The BLRC itself wasn 't that certain of its acceptance by the police .	Pres
Currently the Sultan of Brunei is intending to sell three corvettes built by BAE Systems for £ 600 million .	Pres
It produces 90 minutes of television programmes a week .	Pres
Its programmes comprise approximately of 50 hours of in house productions , 6 hours of programmes purchased from another broadcaster and 20 hours of special occasions .	Pres
Another hand highlights slave traders or recruiting sergeants - murky historical characters trapped by their time .	Pres
Chris While , of Beer 's former band The Albion Band , sings vocals on the song " Dark Fields " .	Pres
This album marks the first two appearances of the song " The Train " on a Show of Hands studio album .	Pres
This excludes the music video produced for 2003 's " Country Life " , taken from the album of the same name .	Pres
It expresses the time interval in terms of UI .	Pres
Very often , but not always , the UI coincides with the bit time , i.e .	Pres
Schedule I comprises " narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances the handling of which is prohibited in Estonia except in the cases prescribed by law . "	Pres
The Act divides precursors into two categories : Schedule I ( bases ) and Schedule II ( reagents ) .	Pres
The government officials watch " The Ed Sullivan Show " before recruiting the Navy pilots .	Pres
Sullivan is talking to Jiménez .	Pres
( " Is that your crash helmet ? "	Pres
The course aims to enable candidates to link and explore the relationship between the two components of literature and performance .	Pres
The external assessment components carries 60 % of the final grade of the course .	Pres
This component carries the remainder 40 % of the final grade of the course .	Pres
I wish them all the luck in the world , but not here ...	Pres
I feel they are alien , a threatening presence .	Pres
This system brings a new challenge after the player has cleared the game ; plot out the stages to achieve a high score .	Pres
The player 's available bomb stock depends on the number of bomb slots the player possesses ; a player starts with 3 .	Pres
However , if enemies are destroyed with the player 's ship nearby , such bullets disappear .	Pres
After defeating Hachi , the story reveals the commander 's ' mission ' was to turn the existing army into a race of super soldiers .	Pres
The player flies their selected fighter over 5 areas of various terrain , encountering a number of land , sea and air enemies .	Pres
Pamphlets concerning her campaigns were also publishes by organisations like the Women 's Emancipation Union .	Pres
In Canada , attitudes toward British imperialism were rooted in ethnic and religious communities .	Pres
29 September 1981 : Legendary former Liverpool manager Bill Shankly , 68 , dies from a heart attack three days after being admitted to hospital .	Pres
Ipswich Town and Tottenham Hotspur are still pushing them hard , as are Southampton , Nottingham Forest and West Ham United .	Pres
Middlesbrough , Sunderland and Wolverhampton Wanderers occupy the relegation places .	Pres
13 March 1982 : Liverpool retain the Football League Cup with a 3 – 1 win over Tottenham Hotspur in the Wembley final .	Pres
Sheffield Wednesday currently occupy the final promotion place , but Leicester City , Norwich City and Queens Park Rangers remain in contention .	Pres
Each " Mighty Machines " episode focuses on a specific type of heavy equipment or work environment .	Pres
They explain their abilities and their duties in detail over the course of the episode .	Pres
Euclid , a dump truck , explains how he grinds rocks from the quarry , turning them into gravel .	Pres
Murphy speaks with an Irish accent .	Pres
Mack truck also arrives to pick up beams from the demolition site .	Pres
Big Hoss speaks with a Texan accent .	Pres
A garbage truck named Trasher explains his job of moving garbage from house to house .	Pres
A cement yard receives materials for concrete and a cement truck named Big Boy takes his load to a street and to a tall building .	Pres
He fixes a road as well .	Pres
A number of snowmobiles and other ski hill machines explain how they are able to skim across the surface of the snow without getting stuck .	Pres
Feller , a Feller Buncher machine , explains how he cuts only marked trees in the forest .	Pres
At a busy sawmill , Jaws , a front-end loader , explains how the trees are turned into lumber and what he does with the cut logs .	Pres
A number of machines explain and show how much work it takes to build a truck .	Pres
Allis a tractor explains how see musy pull Polly a plowing machine to keep the fields ready for farming .	Pres
Diesel locomotive number 95 dumps rocks in the Canadian river , while three White Pass trains take children a tour to see the mountains .	Pres
A group of tractors retrieve tomatoes from the farm and put them into the Factory .	Pres
NOCs in " italics " no longer compete at the Winter Olympics	Pres
Paul creates music and releases records in such varied genres as trance and nu-jazz .	Pres
Dopamine receptor agonists activate signaling pathways through trimeric G-proteins and β-arrestins , ultimately leading to changes in gene transcription .	Pres
The Clynnog electoral ward elects one councillor to sit on Gwynedd Council .	Pres
Its last shed allocation was Reading .	Pres
The city shelters several notable institutions :	Pres
With the third district , sinople cypresses to point out the wooded solid mass which covered formerly all the " Bouzaréah " .	Pres
The story revolves around three dancers who are forced to reconcile their differences and pasts .	Pres
This reunites the three , who agree to attempt the dance piece once more to save his company .	Pres
In the process , however , they all reopen old emotional wounds that had never properly healed .	Pres
9 August 1980 : Liverpool win the Charity Shield as Terry McDermott scores the only goal in a 1 – 0 win over West Ham United .	Pres
2 October 1980 : Terry Venables departs Crystal Palace to take over at Queens Park Rangers , who sacked Tommy Docherty earlier that day .	Pres
Notts County and Derby County are pushing the top three hard , while the likes of Luton Town and Orient are starting to emerge as possible contenders .	Pres
Everton knock out Merseyside rivals Liverpool with a 2 – 1 victory at Goodison Park , and Nottingham Forest beat Manchester United 1 – 0 .	Pres
3 February 1981 : New Crystal Palace owner Ron Noades sacks Malcolm Allison and appoints Wimbledon manager Dario Gradi as Palace 's fourth manager of the season .	Pres
Crystal Palace , Leicester City and Norwich City still occupy the relegation zone .	Pres
The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the shows :	Pres
Two of the women quit their jobs in order to be able to attend .	Pres
NASA representatives George Low and Astronauts John Glenn and Scott Carpenter testified that under NASA 's selection criteria women could not qualify as astronaut candidates .	Pres
Whilst this was going on , Wilson was negotiating separate plans with Franchet d ’ Esperey ( French Fifth Army , on the British right ) .	Pres
The West Indies under-19 cricket team won their first ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in 2016 defeating India by 5 wickets .	Pres
At least one survey suggests that the sexually promiscuous image of Wellesley students that these articles put forth may be exaggerated .	Pres
A bus referred to as the " fuck truck " by " The Bi-College News " of Haverford and Bryn Mawr connects the following campuses :	Pres
This lists all the players who have been selected for England under-19s since the start of the 2017 – 18 season and their most recent call-up .	Pres
The West End borders the Charles River between the Longfellow Bridge and the Charles River Dam Bridge .	Pres
Approximately 40 % also suffer from severe long term grief reactions .	Pres
They define the world , but are not defined by the world .	Pres
Either way , how one looks at things contained by time and space is a result of the transcendent truth .	Pres
Liverpool 's goalless draw at Crystal Palace puts them on the verge of retaining the title .	Pres
Liverpool agree a fee of £ 300,000 for Chester striker Ian Rush , 18 .	Pres
Ipswich Town lose the unbeaten League run that they have maintained for over five months against Manchester City , but remain third .	Pres
28 May 1980 : Nottingham Forest retain the European Cup by beating Hamburg 1 – 0 in the final in Madrid .	Pres
John Robertson scores the only goal in the first half .	Pres
While her sister is former diplomat Magdaléna Vášáryová , Czech media regards her as a " Honorary Consul of Czech and Slovak Relations " .	Pres
When at college , she receives a few of supporting roles in two black-and-white films .	Pres
The organization sponsors twice-a-year meetings with lectures and classes , and provides copies of important decisions , and other useful materials to members .	Pres
The Commissioner of Social Security frequently speaks to NOSSCR meetings , providing updates on the federal programs .	Pres
In 2009 , the band released " Punk Sounds " , which included b-sides , rarities and two new tracks .	Pres
He is currently touring as a member of the band ( November 2018 ) .	Pres
The client performs an operation involving the challenge and a secret shared between client and server , specifically one of the two password hashes described above .	Pres
NTLMv2 sends two responses to an 8-byte " server challenge " .	Pres
The two responses differ in the format of the client challenge .	Pres
Both LMv2 and NTv2 hash the client and server challenge with the NT hash of the user 's password and other identifying information .	Pres
Microsoft recommends developers neither to use Kerberos nor the NTLM Security Support Provider ( SSP ) directly .	Pres
A student leader strives to change the world by starting with their own community .	Pres
I feel that this third album is a very decisive stage for Kudai .	Pres
The result cuts Liverpool 's lead over the Toffeemen to two points .	Pres
17 March 1979 : Nottingham Forest retain the Football League Cup with a 3 – 2 win over Southampton in the final .	Pres
16 April 1979 : Chelsea lose 5 – 2 away to Arsenal and are relegated to the Second Division .	Pres
Trevor Francis scores the only goal of the game .	Pres
A roll of a die indexed into a table determines the starting number and type of GT ’ s .	Pres
Another roll determines where in the ship the first GT is placed ; the rest are placed in contiguous spaces , one to each space .	Pres
If some crew members escape , victory depends on the number of crew members which escape and make it back to their home planet .	Pres
Peterson , mentioning the above possibilities , also suggests that the title might be the author 's pseudonym .	Pres
The " Arbatel " mainly focuses on the relationship between humanity , celestial hierarchies , and the positive relationship between the two .	Pres
Although access to it would have been restricted , its presence indicates that it played a role in American folk beliefs .	Pres
The various Provinces of Pakistan police forces maintain paramilitary forces similar to India 's State Armed Police Forces who act as a mobile armed reserve .	Pres
Its life cycle displays periods of fat buildup during April and May , before the dry months of June and July .	Pres
Though it is fast in gaining mobility ( so as to follow its mother on forages ) , it grows at a slower rate than comparatively-sized carnivorans .	Pres
He manages the Richard Vaughan Badminton Academy .	Pres
21 August 1976 : The First Division season opens with a surprise 1 – 0 win for promoted Bristol City over Arsenal at Highbury .	Pres
4 December 1976 : Malcolm Macdonald scores a hat-trick for Arsenal in their 5 – 3 League win over his old team Newcastle United .	Pres
Later that day however , the board agree to the players ' demands and appoint Dinnis as manager .	Pres
A last minute goal from Brian Little sends the trophy to Villa Park and prevents the game from going to a third replay .	Pres
The current green markets don 't satisfy the necessities of many people , so there is a need for building more of them .	Pres
The school also presents a musical production outside of its regular music program every other year involving Broadway musical selections .	Pres
Seycove 's technology department competes yearly in the Skills Canada Robotics challenge as well as alternative energy challenges and supermileage races .	Pres
They were charting a distinct path towards industrial unionism - a path avoided by the more conservative TLC , and American Federation of Labor .	Pres
The band usually incorporates their Agnostic beliefs into their lyrics .	Pres
Foreign Extra Stout constitutes 45 per cent of total Guinness sales globally .	Pres
In Africa , the product retails at a premium price , with an up to 100 per cent higher cost than rival beers .	Pres
She currently portrays Vanessa Moss in the Syfy television series " Channel Zero : The Dream Door " ( 2018 ) .	Pres
The Daily Gamecock circulates 7,000 printed papers on Mondays in the fall and spring semesters .	Pres
The international call prefix depends on the country being called from : for example , 00 for most European countries and 011 from North America .	Pres
As well , the 1896 edition of ' Los Angeles of Today Architecturally ' credits Hunt with the design of the building .	Pres
Peter steals the crystals and makes new X-rays to cover up his theft .	Pres
He sells four of the crystals to students who are unaware of their origin .	Pres
The second set of X-rays overdose the body with radiation .	Pres
At first , everyone assumes that the mummy 's disappearance is because of a fraternity prank .	Pres
The alien violently reclaims its crystals , and , when he brutally attacks a female student , Lt. Plummer is called in to investigate the crime .	Pres
As more students turn up dead or injured , Plummer believes that he is on the trail of a serial killer .	Pres
While Plummer conducts his investigation , Douglas translates the hieroglyphic text from the sarcophagus .	Pres
He hopes it will reveal the identity of the mummy .	Pres
He then traces the stolen crystals back to Peter , who admits to the theft and gives Douglas the one crystal he kept for himself .	Pres
The alien activates the device by placing the last recovered crystal on it ; his mummy wrappings disintegrate , revealing his true form .	Pres
Bruce grabs the crystal , and the fungus begins to destroy his hand .	Pres
However , each die featured one face reading " Wild " in place of a number .	Pres
Their rare live shows ( which often feature colourful and surreal costumes ) straddle the line between music and performance art .	Pres
The system comprises one line with 21 stations connecting Fermi station in Collegno with the Lingotto multifunctional centre in Turin .	Pres
Recent estimates suggest this southern extension will be completed not before the end of 2018 .	Pres
The current mayor of Turin , Chiara Appendino , publicly supports the idea of a third line for the city 's Metro system .	Pres
This necessarily excludes open strings .	Pres
Young Whortle longs to win the competition , but not if it means his friends are going to sabotage the other competitor 's chances .	Pres
On the discharge side of the pump , the vane chambers are decreasing in volume , forcing fluid out of the pump .	Pres
Multistage rotary-vane vacuum pumps can attain pressures as low as 10 mbar ( 0.0001 Pa ) .	Pres
Rotary-vane pumps are also a common type of vacuum pump , with two-stage pumps able to reach pressures well below 10 bar .	Pres
In the Deep South , a diabolical , machete-wielding voodoo priest ( Tony Todd ) is busily turning Haitian migrant farm workers into flesh-eating , zombie slaves .	Pres
In the original television ad , a questioning boy poses the question to a cow , a fox , a turtle and an owl .	Pres
Detailed examination of the lollipops indicates that the minimum candy shell thickness is rarely ( if ever ) located along the equator .	Pres
The design only influences the pumping speed and not the ultimate pressure that can be reached .	Pres
The final pressure almost equals the partial pressure of helium in air .	Pres
The parameter ᶿ determines the relationship between parental investment and the cost of reproduction .	Pres
The equation indicates that as formula _ 1 increases , the future reproductive success of the parent decreases .	Pres
Cattle egrets , " Bubulcus ibis " , exhibit asynchronous hatching and androgen loading in the first two eggs of their normal three-egg clutch .	Pres
In these three booby species , hatching order indicates chick hierarchy in the nest .	Pres
Through his painting he manages to suggest the deep spirituality with which he regarded his life and work .	Pres
The spare and deceptively simple renderings of Lakeland landscapes reflect the simplicity of his belief , whilst revealing the depth of his knowledge .	Pres
When neither returns home by the next morning , Genevieve 's mother , Toni , alerts her husband , local Detective Mike Gage ( Kevin Gage ) .	Pres
He proceeds to explain the modern primitive subculture to the detectives , and asserts that the owner of the spike is a member of the community .	Pres
Angela assists her uncle in setting up a fake online profile , and posing as a student , he communicates with Captain Howdy .	Pres
Despite his attempt at deception , Howdy quickly deduces that this is a police snare , and invites Gage to the same party he invited Genevieve to .	Pres
Upon his release , Hendricks moves back to his home in Helverton , which has been heavily vandalized by the community in his absence .	Pres
During this , Hendricks accidentally drops his medication , and it is run over by a car .	Pres
After recovering , Captain Howdy kills Roth 's wife Madeline , and uses her corpse to knock him unconscious and then kidnaps him .	Pres
Toni pleads with Captain Howdy and demands to know what Genevieve ever did to him .	Pres
They discover Roth , Sunny , Genevieve and several others who have all been brutally tortured in Howdy 's modus operandi of body modification based techniques .	Pres
Captain Howdy watches in fear as Mike strikes a match and says " This is for Genevieve , you fuck !	Pres
" , and then tosses the match at his legs , igniting him .	Pres
He believes this unusual marketing strategy will create buzz for the " original " NC-17 version .	Pres
The present-day IWK Health Centre traces its history to the development of two separate facilities , a pediatric hospital and a maternity hospital .	Pres
Physicians there donated their time and the facility gained an excellent reputation for maternity care .	Pres
His department was straining to produce enough new dies to meet production .	Pres
The problems of die life and weak striking had never been solved , and Mint officials advocated its replacement .	Pres
It reflects development of autonomous ( unregulated ) parathyroid function following a period of persistent parathyroid stimulation .	Pres
In classical first-order logic , the definition of a structure prohibits the empty domain .	Pres
Induced substructures correspond to subobjects in σ-Emb .	Pres
In this case induced substructures also correspond to subobjects in σ-Hom .	Pres
Universal algebra solves this problem by adding a unary function symbol .	Pres
For multiplication it fails because 0 does not have a multiplicative inverse .	Pres
( This attempt fails , essentially because with this definition 0 × 0 = 1 is not true . )	Pres
By 1999 , George Younce was suffering from kidney failure and heart disease and Payne was diagnosed with liver cancer .	Pres
Gerald Wolfe still sings lead with Greater Vision , and Danny Funderburk has recorded solo recordings and has been in several groups since leaving Perfect Heart .	Pres
It waits often motionless for suitable prey such as fish , frogs or crabs to come within reach of its long bill .	Pres
During emission of the call , the beak opens wide and undulations can be seen along the course of the throat from mid-thorax caudally .	Pres
He thinks the Fate route could have been told as a story through the ancient Greek views on love .	Pres
I feel like I could have written it a lot better now , but that was the best I could do at the time .	Pres
When Altria is fifteen , King Uther dies leaving no known eligible heir to the throne .	Pres
Britain enters a period of turmoil following the growing threat of invasion by the Saxons .	Pres
Without hesitation and despite her gender , she draws Caliburn and shoulders Britain 's mantle of leadership .	Pres
The family business he founded still exists today as an art gallery and shop , the Heaton Cooper Studio , in Grasmere , Cumbria .	Pres
Some robot software aims at developing intelligent mechanical devices .	Pres
Data and program usually reside in separate sections of the robot controller memory .	Pres
For example , for the motor drive icon you specify which motors and by how much they move .	Pres
The power and size of industrial robots mean they are capable of inflicting severe injury if programmed incorrectly or used in an unsafe manner .	Pres
Peter Piper , a photographer , visits a laboratory where a spider plant with teeth has been created .	Pres
He saves Jane-Mary , who falls in love with him .	Pres
He suggests to her that he might be Peter Piper , only to be told that Piper is a loser and a creep .	Pres
Peter guesses that he is the Green Goblin , Doctor Octopus , the Itchy Skull , or The Human Man , but it appears to be Batman .	Pres
Peter fires a spider plant at him , followed by Batman throwing his Batarang and the battle goes on .	Pres
He then punches a Fathers 4 Justice supporter and hijacks a little kid 's scooter and gets away .	Pres
In a central part of the documentary , Atkinson emphasizes the need to deliver the comedy with a carefully crafted attitude or persona .	Pres
Each section illustrates examples of mostly early visual comedy and references to the comedians , actors , and directors that defined these movements .	Pres
In the special , Cyborg was assembling a group of young heroes to train as the new " Titans East . "	Pres
Cyborg later wakes up , but , waiting for new replacement limbs , is left strapped to a hoverchair .	Pres
The Cast recreates the sights and sounds of The Beatles from an era of the 1960s when the world was engulfed in the throes of Beatlemania .	Pres
Three different costumes coincide with the changing music and times during their existence .	Pres
" I remember when we first launched Botanic Garden .	Pres
Painted frogs hide under leaf litter during the day hours and eat in the evening .	Pres
As an example of simplification of the interface , Cogito hides the concept of " index cache " from the users .	Pres
It also retains a high degree of compatibility with Git for local operations .	Pres
NNRTIs distinguish themselves of the NRTI 's because they do not bind at the catalytic place of the enzyme ( i.e .	Pres
He wouldn 't give any info on his father , but he did give the one thing he had ... Daredevil 's identity .	Pres
But when Silke got there , someone else was waiting for him : The Kingpin .	Pres
The males defend these territories from intruding males but the defence does not involve physical contact between the antagonists .	Pres
Lock-Up ( Lyle Bolton ) is a DC Comics supervillain and an enemy of Batman .	Pres
Bruce Wayne recommends Bolton , a security expert at Wayne Enterprises , for the position of chief of security at Arkham Asylum .	Pres
After questioning the inmates of Arkham , including Ventriloquist and Scarface , Harley Quinn and the Scarecrow , Wayne learns about Bolton 's reign of terror .	Pres
As he is dragged away , Bolton vows revenge .	Pres
When Nightwing finds his hideout , Lock-Up decides to drown all his prisoners in an underwater death-trap .	Pres
Towards the end of the storyline , Batman enlists Dick Grayson 's help in overthrowing Lock-Up so Blackgate could be used for the lawful side once again .	Pres
The format is lightning knockout .	Pres
This article lists the feast days of the General Roman Calendar as they were at the end of 1954 .	Pres
In its curriculum , the school " focuses on the study of biology from a Christian perspective , especially where evolution is considered . "	Pres
She also owns and rents out a traditional house in Mt .	Pres
This particular masterbatch produces a conductive , anti-static plastic hollow board sheet .	Pres
As of November 2008 , Arnold was attending Ryerson University , majoring in broadcast journalism .	Pres
" It Takes Two ( game show )	Pres
It Takes Two is a game show in which contestants gave numerical answers to questions ( which usually entail stunts and / or demonstrations ) .	Pres
At least one genus ( " Hetaerina " ) displays lekking behavior .	Pres
During mating , the male first removes other males ' sperm from the female 's reproductive tract , then places his own sperm there .	Pres
In addition , at the end of each area , the player receives bonus points depending on the percentage of primary targets and enemy craft destroyed .	Pres
The annual frost-free period lasts between 260 and 280 days .	Pres
Kimball then introduces Dr. Wernher von Braun , who discusses plans for a trip around the Moon .	Pres
The average of grades in English , social studies , mathematics and science is computed per quarter at the end of each student 's preceding grade level .	Pres
The following course requirements correspond with each area of study :	Pres
This episode culminates with the " Night on Bald Mountain " segment of " Fantasia " .	Pres
PGCPS employs approximately 23,785 staff members which includes an estimated 9,197 teachers .	Pres
The plan still relieves overcrowded schools , identifies space for new academic choices , and expands successful programs .	Pres
Tennis courts and unlighted fields are located on-site at select centers .	Pres
Magnet programs ( as they were set up ) were costing PGCPS approximately $ 14 million per year , to operate .	Pres
Each student receives a laptop upon entry into the program , and is provided with transportation .	Pres
The Montessori Middle School Program completes the Montessori studies for students progressing to the seventh and eighth grades .	Pres
Students learn Spanish and English through content based instruction in selected core subjects with a cross cultural understanding for both native and non-native speakers .	Pres
Children learn their entire core subjects ( reading , writing , mathematics , social studies , and science ) in Spanish .	Pres
El Gouna specializes in water-sports , including scuba diving , windsurfing , kitesurfing , waterskiing , parasailing and snorkelling .	Pres
Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as hot desert ( BWh ) .	Pres
It bears berries with a blackish blue color .	Pres
" I rejoice to be identified with the despised people of color .	Pres
If they are to be despised , so ought their advocates to be " .	Pres
The current constitution indicates a term 6 years in length , which cannot be renewed under any circumstances .	Pres
The townspeople observe many feast days , celebrating in traditional style with parades , religious processions , and fireworks .	Pres
KHTS broadcasts with 1,000 watts during the daytime and 500 watts at night .	Pres
It also reflects those alumni who attended and / or graduated from the institution under its prior historical names .	Pres
The statue leans 7.5 ° backwards and 5 ° to its left .	Pres
Calculations suggest that a typical " Ophthalmosaurus " could stay submerged for approximately 20 minutes or more .	Pres
They have been specializing in airborne surveillance , security operations , surveillance systems , wildlife surveys and training since 1989 .	Pres
The idealistic , intelligent Schlegel sisters seek to help the struggling Basts and to rid the Wilcoxes of some of their deep-seated social and economic prejudices .	Pres
Helen , the younger Schlegel daughter , then visits the Wilcoxes at their country house , Howards End .	Pres
Henry and his children burn the note without telling Margaret about her inheritance .	Pres
Helen soon encounters the starving Basts , and bring them to Evie Wilcox 's wedding celebration , whereupon Henry recognizes Jacky as his former mistress .	Pres
He flees from the scene , breaking off his engagement to Margaret .	Pres
Margaret decides it is her duty to stand by her sister and help her .	Pres
Leonard arrives at Howards End , still tormented by the affair and wishing to speak to Margaret .	Pres
Charles Wilcox then bursts upon the scene and in an effort to ingratiate himself with his father , attacks Leonard for purportedly " insulting " Helen .	Pres
He strikes Leonard with the flat edge of a heavy old German sword .	Pres
Leonard grabs onto a nearby bookcase , which collapse on top of him .	Pres
Margaret informs Henry of her intention to leave him .	Pres
He further stipulates that , after Margaret 's death , the property will go to her nephew , the son of Helen and Leonard .	Pres
Fully supported by them , she decides to bring up her son at Howards End .	Pres
Claudia Stevens ' opera libretto " Howards End , America " ( 2016 ) moves the action to 1950s Boston .	Pres
Brett maintains a list of books online that may be complete for her original writings and adaptations .	Pres
But this creates a heavy dependence between the image pixels and its adaptive palette .	Pres
Some early computers , as Commodore 64 , MSX and Amiga supports sprites and / or full screen video overlay by hardware .	Pres
The final result depends on how many applications are working with on screen colors .	Pres
When the system palette changes , the system triggers a specific event to inform every application .	Pres
Israel also deploys sub-Harpoon missiles capable of land attack on its Dolphin class submarines .	Pres
The company was missing data over a six-year period .	Pres
Hoover Tower receives approximately 200 visitors per day , and a nominal fee is charged for non-students or non-faculty .	Pres
Rearranging the equation reveals the duty cycle to be :	Pres
He currently teaches a course called “ The Art of Infiltration ” at California Institute of the Arts ( CalArts ) , in Valencia , California .	Pres
WeltN24 also publishes Die Welt , a conservative leaning newspaper .	Pres
Statistics Denmark actively participates in international statistical activities .	Pres
As a member of the EU , Denmark participates in a binding agreement on the compilation , preparation and dissemination of statistics .	Pres
After his rescue by Dardo , the marchese joins Dardo 's band of rebels .	Pres
When they find themselves in Lady Anne 's apartment , Piccolo suggests they kidnap her instead .	Pres
Dardo sends a message to the count , offering an exchange of prisoners , but Ulrich threatens to execute Bartoli unless Anne is released .	Pres
Then , Dardo learns from his aunt Nonna ( Aline MacMahon ) that five more prisoners have been taken to hang in Papa 's place .	Pres
As a reward for this betrayal , Ulrich agrees to the marchese 's marriage to Anne .	Pres
They decide that they must attack at once .	Pres
When they are ready , they remove their disguises and a battle ensues .	Pres
During the melee , Anne warns Dardo that Ulrich has gone for his son .	Pres
Though Dardo tries to persuade the marchese to stand aside , the marchese refuses and is killed .	Pres
After 11,000 years of Rama 's rule , Bharata also merges with Rama 's Mahavishnu form followed by Shatrughana .	Pres
Therefore , the stocks packet of KKR and Permira decreases to 33 percent and the Telegraaf Media Groep sold their stocks package and isn 't stockholder anymore .	Pres
It owns the rights to distribute Alaplaya and PlanetSide 2	Pres
The Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes was newly formed as a registered association in in 1948 .	Pres
An extension of the scholarship beyond the sixth semester usually depends on academic performance in the first four semesters .	Pres
The Studienstiftung supports scholars both financially and academically .	Pres
It currently maintains nearly 100 animals , representing 58 species .	Pres
It focuses on year-round wildlife native to Montana , the Rocky Mountains , and other cold temperature regions at or above the 45th Parallel .	Pres
The path splits at one point and one half becomes a nature trail .	Pres
The center produces and distributes a wildlife contraceptive vaccine , and maintains records and data required by the Food and Drug Administration and Environmental Protection Agency .	Pres
Corrie 's father , Casper , dies before he reaches the concentration camp , and Corrie worries that she will never see her home again .	Pres
With little food and constant work , the women suffer constantly , and Corrie 's sister Betsie ( Julie Harris ) , dies .	Pres
The series concludes with Paul 's journey to Rome for his trial .	Pres
He preaches in Rome under government house arrest for two years before being executed by Nero ( Acts 28 ) .	Pres
A person gathering mushrooms in a national forest for the purpose of personal consumption is realizing wages in the form of mushrooms .	Pres
A payer of wages is paying for a service performed by one or more individuals and sees wages as a cost .	Pres
The Coyote Mountains lie to the northeast .	Pres
A martingale succeeds on a set of sequences formula _ 8 if it succeeds on every sequence in " X " .	Pres
It reads a sequence of bits indefinitely .	Pres
We define a set to have p-measure 1 if its complement has p-measure 0 .	Pres
Mona wants to travel to Mississippi to see her girlhood antebellum home .	Pres
With things awkward at home for both , Porter and Griffin fly by themselves to Sun Valley to get away from their troubles .	Pres
The site 's critical consensus reads , " Afflicted with extensive re-editing and re-writing , this sex comedy feels confusingly choppy .	Pres
intersects the northbound direction of US 206 at the Brunswick Circle .	Pres
Signage in Pennsylvania no longer exists ; most of the former US 1 Alternate is now part of Pennsylvania Route 32 ( PA 32 ) .	Pres
At the border of Lawrence Township and Trenton , the road enters the Brunswick Circle , where it junctions with northbound US 206 and CR 645 .	Pres
In December 1952 , the Trenton-Morrisville Toll Bridge and its approaches opened , which included the Trenton Freeway between the Delaware River and the Brunswick Circle .	Pres
He spends much of it on his bicycle , gets arrested for resting on it in a way that is considered lewd , but is unceremoniously released .	Pres
They wander across the countryside , increasingly bogged down by the weather , decreasing supplies of food and Moran 's suddenly failing body .	Pres
Having returned to his home , now in a state of shambles and disuse , Moran switches to discussing his present state .	Pres
In Part I , Molloy compares himself to Belacqua from the " Purgatorio " , Canto IV and Sordello from the " Purgatorio " , Canto VI .	Pres
He recalls tying the strings that separated the hot dogs and once getting locked in the freezer .	Pres
he was advising Julian Assange 's legal team .	Pres
They 're courting disaster by encouraging others to use the same means to eliminate portions of the Constitution they don 't like . "	Pres
That reality imposes on us a special responsibility to be fair and compassionate to those on whom we impose our rules .	Pres
The story then picks up again about two years later after Stevie is charged with a serious crime .	Pres
That honourable grief lodged here which burns	Pres
In the summer of 1848 two separated armies were defending the Western Hungarian borders .	Pres
Most patients recover completely within 1 – 2 months .	Pres
They differ from blackmail , which is intended to obtain something from the recipient .	Pres
Among his most important compositions belong :	Pres
A single stack reflects between 780 nm and 800 nm .	Pres
They despise those in peace whom they fear to meet in war . "	Pres
The death of Memnon echoes that of Hector , another defender of Troy whom Achilles also killed out of revenge for a fallen comrade , Patroclus .	Pres
In battle , Memnon kills Nestor 's son , Antilochos , after Antilochos has killed Memnon 's dear comrade , Aesop .	Pres
The track " Know Where to Run " was featured in the PlayStation game " Wipeout 3 " .	Pres
This reflects on-grade level reading , mathematics and science achievement .	Pres
This state program permits high school students to take courses at local higher education institutions to earn college credits .	Pres
The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree .	Pres
Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement , many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions .	Pres
At Penn Manor School District the project focuses on career development .	Pres
The student pays the fee for the exam , which was $ 89 per test per pupil in 2012 .	Pres
With a fleet of over 3500 classroom Ubuntu laptops , the district 's Linux deployment is possibly the largest school implementation in Pennsylvania .	Pres
ITS members earn theatre points for hours spent on theatre work .	Pres
In addition to a number of staff journalists , the paper also employs a number of reporters around the county for specific regional coverage .	Pres
Sewage systems and waterworks countrywide were in serious need of restoration .	Pres
Sketch-based modeling is a method of creating 3D models for use in 3D computer graphics applications .	Pres
Sketch-based modeling tools aim to solve this problem by creating a User interface which is similar to drawing , which most users are familiar with .	Pres
In the first , the user draws a shape in the workspace using a mouse or a tablet .	Pres
The system then interprets this shape as a 3D object .	Pres
In the second type of sketch-based modeling , the user draws one or more images on paper , then scans in the images .	Pres
The system then automatically converts the sketches to a 3D model .	Pres
Modern archaeology also supports a two-wave migration .	Pres
The project also supplies infrastructure for future water based developments including an expanded marina , a float plane terminal , and water-based retail opportunities .	Pres
The Centre recycles an average of 180,000 kilograms of materials annually , nearly half of the total volume of waste generated .	Pres
It avoids canned goods , disposable utensils and dishes , and donates leftover food to local charities .	Pres
The landscape functionally connects to nearby Stanley Park via a corridor of waterfront parks .	Pres
The mountains lie in Anza-Borrego Desert State Park , in an east-west direction , southwest of the community of Ocotillo Wells , and south of Highway 78 .	Pres
The Sawtooth Mountains , Tierra Blanca Mountains and Jacumba Mountains ranges lie to the south and southeast .	Pres
Dooney & Bourke also sends out quarterley catalogs to customers who join their mailing list by visiting their website or calling their toll-free number .	Pres
From 2004 , John has been regularly releasing solo albums , taking in classical , folk , and rock stylings .	Pres
The two ships lay alongside each other for over two weeks while " Macedonian " was repaired sufficiently to sail .	Pres
The Agnivanshi lineage is claiming descent from Agni , the Hindu god of fire .	Pres
With the corset all but extinct by the mid-1930s , the company 's new leadership focused on developing new products .	Pres
Despite the company 's diverse portfolio , however , Warnaco was struggling to turn a profit .	Pres
Early in 1999 , Warnaco was one of 18 companies initially named in three class-action lawsuits filed under US Federal RICO statutes .	Pres
And they emphasize the poor working and living conditions for workers .	Pres
" Frolic " s rigging was damaged , the main yard being carried away .	Pres
John Fallon , and focuses on horror movies including daily news updates , reviews , and commentary .	Pres
The painting depicts an imprisoned Galileo apparently pointing to a copy of the phrase written on the wall of his dungeon .	Pres
Dava Sobel argues that during this time , Urban had fallen under the influence of court intrigue and problems of state .	Pres
Ffrwdwyllt literally translates to ' wild torrent ' in English .	Pres
This page lists Canadian federal and provincial electoral districts with the name Okanagan , or in the Okanagan region .	Pres
The term " Family resemblance " as feature of Wittgenstein 's philosophy owes much to its translation in English .	Pres
In § 66 Wittgenstein invites us to	Pres
The section mentions card games , board games , ball games , games like ring-a-ring-a-roses and concludes :	Pres
It exhibits the presence of a constant degree of resemblance and the	Pres
He admits that a ' sharing ' is common to all but deems that it is only verbal :	Pres
In order to achieve transparency , SMM imposes certain rules .	Pres
The processor executes the SMM code in a separate address space that has to be made inaccessible to other operating modes of the CPU by the firmware .	Pres
He also dances and takes off his clothes on the show called Solo Para Mujeres .	Pres
The Americans sank several Japanese cargo vessels near the island or while at harbor .	Pres
The Russian Federation administers it as part of the Sakhalin Oblast .	Pres
During the Lions premiership years , junior Aussie Rules numbers exploded in South East Queensland , and grew solidly right across the state .	Pres
The website enhances the publication by presenting some of the same in-depth articles while providing additional resources and information .	Pres
Fn key features vary from keyboard to keyboard , but the common ones are the following :	Pres
AIP also promotes charity accountability and transparency through its research on the rapidly changing nonprofit field .	Pres
AIP publishes the " Charity Rating Guide & Watchdog Report " , containing ratings of the financial efficiency of over 500 United States charities .	Pres
AIP posts its top-rated charities on its website .	Pres
AIP also investigates ethical issues surrounding charity spending , including salaries and payouts , financial reporting , telemarketing and direct-mail solicitation campaigns , and governance .	Pres
AIP shares the results of its research with the media and government agencies and works closely with these parties to educate the public about informed giving .	Pres
Aceruloplasminemia belongs to the group of genetic disorders called neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation ( NBIA ) .	Pres
Anemia and diabetes usually occur by the time an affected person is in his or her twenties .	Pres
The haplogroup reaches its maximum frequency in the Balkans ( with the highest concentration in present-day Herzegovina ) .	Pres
For Haplogroup I-M170 they estimate time to STR variation as 24,000 ± 7,100 years ago and time to population divergence as 23,000 ± 7,700 years ago .	Pres
This common ancestry suggests that the subclades of IJ entered the Balkans from Anatolia or the Caucasus , some time before the Last Glacial Maximum .	Pres
Broadcasting on physical channel 29 and virtual channel 2 , XEPM carries Las Estrellas programming .	Pres
The station broadcasts on physical channel 29 and has two subchannels :	Pres
XEJ broadcasts from its original studios , at Vicente Guerrero and Constitución streets .	Pres
The station broadcasts Nu9ve programs , in addition to its own newscast ( " XEJ Noticias " ) .	Pres
The Meneses Hoyos family also owns another television station that is named for them , XHMH-TDT in Hidalgo del Parral .	Pres
It broadcasts in high definition and carries music videos 24 hours a day .	Pres
XHCJE broadcasts the Azteca Uno national network .	Pres
Currently , XHCJE-TDT broadcasts the entire schedule of Azteca Trece , with local advertisements and local news broadcasts .	Pres
XHCJE also broadcasts games of the " Indios de Ciudad Juárez " soccer club , broadcast on tape-delay Fridays at 11 : 45 pm .	Pres
The station broadcasts on digital channel 34.1 ( PSIP 1.1 ) .	Pres
It carries all of Televisa 's local programming for Ciudad Juárez and is branded as tucanal ( Your Channel ) .	Pres
'Whether deliberately or accidentally ' excludes forgetful acts of eating , drinking , or sexual activity .	Pres
The Islamic holiday of Eid ul-Fitr ( ) marks the end of the Islamic fasting of the month of Ramadan .	Pres
As the PLA approaches the Yangtze , the momentum was shifting completely toward the Communist side .	Pres
In organic modeling edge loops play a vital role in proper deformation of the mesh .	Pres
An edge loop closely mimics how real muscles work , and if built correctly , provides control over contour and silhouette in any position .	Pres
The mall receives external electric service from four points .	Pres
In United States securities law , a self-regulatory organization is a defined term .	Pres
Qui , sur l 'amour divin , sont plus forts que des ânes ,	Pres
Ris de la nation des moines gastrolâtres :	Pres
Premier auteur des arts cultivés sous les cieux ,	Pres
Seul roi des volontés , tyran des consciences ,	Pres
Et maître ingénieux de toutes les sciences ,	Pres
Et toujours se vautra la canaille insensée	Pres
Croly then suggests that " Hamiltonian means must be employed to secure Jeffersonian ends . "	Pres
It comprises Grand 'Place and the Carrefour hypermarket .	Pres
The Ord Mountains lie directly north of the Lucerne Valley and the San Bernardino Mountains .	Pres
However , studies suggest that people with increased need for safety and security seem to perform worse than risk-takers in a simulated supply chain environment .	Pres
Individual Wal-Mart stores transmit point-of-sale ( POS ) data from the cash register back to corporate headquarters several times a day .	Pres
Although the title is still used for Women of great tribal significance , not all the provinces within the nation of Fiji appoint the same title .	Pres
The culture in the Nadroga-Navosa and Serua provinces is one that if filled with family and joy .	Pres
The natives to these provinces speak a different language the other parts of the island .	Pres
During this time members of the tribe would be partaking in kava ceremonies .	Pres
In this journal , Tomlinson investigates the death of a Fijian Chief and the demonic dreams one of the tribal members has of the chief .	Pres
The article breaks each exported item into a percentage of all the different exports .	Pres
The journal publishes peer-reviewed essay reviews and reviews of scholarly books .	Pres
" Education Review " publishes approximately 250 reviews each year .	Pres
The GNIS classifies it as a populated place .	Pres
Noel was assessing the possibility of the creation of an official nation of Kurdistan .	Pres
A booster station , KBUA-FM1 in Santa Clarita , California , extends the signal 's reach into the Santa Clarita Valley .	Pres
Currently Que Buena primarily targets the " Mexican American " or " paisa " community of the greater Los Angeles area .	Pres
A booster station , KBUA-FM1 in Santa Clarita , California , extends the signal 's reach into the Santa Clarita Valley .	Pres
Currently Que Buena primarily targets the " Mexican American " or " paisa " community of the greater Los Angeles area .	Pres
" Huckleberry Finn and His Friends	Pres
Episode 9 - " Buried treasure " - was filmed in part at the Alaksen National Wildlife Area .	Pres
The station carries the Canal 5 network .	Pres
Before the first match , the player 's chosen team enters the arena via the " ring cart " seen at WrestleManias III and VI .	Pres
Players select two wrestlers to form a tag team .	Pres
Each wrestler also possesses standing strikes , running attacks , running counterattacks , ground attacks , and moves from the top turnbuckle .	Pres
If both wrestlers go outside the ring at once , their tag team partners automatically jump out to join the fight .	Pres
When formal schooling was first established , the school calendar fit the needs of a particular community .	Pres
These summer school programs typically differ significantly from the regular school program in terms of curriculum , goals and rigor .	Pres
Because summer school programs are voluntary , self-selection also confounds the effects of attending .	Pres
It currently resides in the Bodleian Library ( Bruce 96 ) , where it has been since 1848 .	Pres
Due to these complications UV inking takes longer than when using conventional inks .	Pres
The performer then moves from hip and knee flexion to hip and knee extension while elevating the body away from the floor .	Pres
The performer creates force against the ground by pushing off with the hands and simultaneously moving the elbows from flexion to extension .	Pres
The linear momentum of the thrust carries the body into the air feet first while the angular momentum causes the airborne body to rotate .	Pres
The spine moves into greater lordosis so that with sufficient thrust , back curvature , and body rotation , the performer will land on the feet .	Pres
The Theatre School produces over two dozen public theatrical productions and nearly forty total productions each season .	Pres
Google maps has shown that the airport is now covered with ash with no visible traces .	Pres
Just like its predecessor , " WrestleFest " simulates professional wrestling matches .	Pres
The game adds support for up to four simultaneous players and the ability to insert more credits into the machine to buy energy .	Pres
The move he performs depends partially on a CPU " variety " sequence and on the energy level of the opponent .	Pres
In the new Royal Rumble mode , the player picks one superstar and takes him through a Royal Rumble match .	Pres
Before a new wrestler enters the match , an inset of the wrestler taunting in front of a camera appears on screen .	Pres
As per the Technical Secretary of the Presidency of El Salvador , it has ranking 27 of extreme poverty of the 267 municipalities of El Salvador .	Pres
A local cooperative assists with loans to small enterprises .	Pres
Some local families depend on money they receive from expatriates , relatives living in the United States .	Pres
The Metayate River divides the town in two main “ barrios ” or districts : El Carmen and El Centro .	Pres
The article ( portrays a dynamic community of painters , landscapers , teachers , janitors , as well as business-owners and property-owners .	Pres
A member of National Public Radio , it airs a jazz and news format for the Seattle metropolitan area .	Pres
The locally produced BirdNote airs every morning .	Pres
The AUSD educates approximately 9,300 students each year , in 10 elementary schools , two middle schools , and four high schools .	Pres
Bonds elections in 1907 , 1909 and 1915 funded the most ambitious building campaign .	Pres
Talos ' dogma is self-serving , demanding utter obedience from his priests and instructing them to spread destruction where they may .	Pres
He wears half plate armor over black leather armor , and black leather gloves .	Pres
Talos elevates mortals to divinity and forces them to deplete themselves in his service .	Pres
He hates deities that promote building , learning , nature , and the altering of weather .	Pres
Talos inspires worship in those who fear the destructive power of nature .	Pres
They preach that only worship of Talos can protect against natural disasters , and at Talos ' whim they hurl such disasters at foes .	Pres
High clergy wear blue-white ceremonial robes streaked with crimson .	Pres
All clerics wear an eye patch .	Pres
The North Central Expressway extends from Woodall Rogers freeway to the Sam Rayburn Tollway in McKinney .	Pres
Two million square feet of these walls along the nine mile ( 14 km ) -long project distinguishes the freeway .	Pres
Meanwhile , TxDOT is preparing to redesign the portion of South Central / S.M .	Pres
Dorset County Council estimate that the population of the civil parish was 60 in 2013 .	Pres
Robert Hung-ngai resides in West Vancouver , Canada , and is a recipient of the Order of British Columbia for his philanthropic work in that province .	Pres
The twin-deck bridge supports a dual-three lane carriageway and its total length over water is 1,920 m .	Pres
The publication receives funding from a student levy collected through tuition fees and advertising revenue .	Pres
The eight Heads ' n Tails crayons are double-sided and encased in plastic tubes that function much like the ones on Crayola Twistables .	Pres
In the table , the background approximates the primary color and the text is in the two supporting colors .	Pres
This memorial dominates a pivotal area of the former concentration camp , the access road to the stone quarries where most of the camp 's victims died .	Pres
The authors therefore conclude that flocculation is driven by this greenbeard allele .	Pres
Owned by Cumulus Media , it broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format .	Pres
She was exhibiting paintings in New York in the early 1930s and lived on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village .	Pres
These privatization plans triggered criticism and strike action from current Bromley libraries staff in 2016 .	Pres
The team manipulates Daphne into choosing Weil as her stylist , and Weil and Amita go to Cartier to convince them to let Daphne wear the Toussaint .	Pres
They surreptitiously digitally scan the necklace to manufacture a cubic zirconia duplicate .	Pres
Debbie manipulates Daphne to invite Becker as her date to the gala .	Pres
Lou realizes that Debbie is out for revenge on Becker , but Debbie reassures her that everything will be fine .	Pres
Weil discovers a flaw in the plan : The Toussaint can only be unclasped using a special magnet carried by the bodyguards hired by Cartier .	Pres
Nine Ball enlists her younger sister , Veronica , to build a similar magnet in time for the gala .	Pres
Constance slips the smaller pieces to the members of the team to smuggle out .	Pres
However , she suggests to Frazier that she may know who stole the necklace .	Pres
Elliott Gould and Qin Shaobo reprise their roles from the previous films as Reuben Tishkoff and " The Amazing " Yen , respectively .	Pres
But it isn 't much fun .	Pres
" Nematogmus " comprises the following species :	Pres
A small porch extends from the main roof over the door .	Pres
Greens Lake connects to Lester Lake and Van Norman Lake to the south and Dollar Lake , Middle Lake and Deer Lake to the north .	Pres
In Cyprus , a British officer interrogates an EOKA terrorist .	Pres
In 1992 Alabama , Will and Breeze Rutledge are evacuating from the destructive Category 5 Hurricane Andrew with their dad .	Pres
In present day , another destructive hurricane named Tammy approaches the town in Alabama .	Pres
While she is out of the facility , rogue Treasury agents , led by Connor Perkins , infiltrate the facility and hold employee Moreno hostage .	Pres
Failing to decrypt it , Perkins realizes that Corbyn may have changed it , so he has his men find her .	Pres
As Corbyn and Breeze drive back to the facility , they encounter the mercenaries and Corbyn engages in a shootout with them .	Pres
He successfully repairs the generator and is taken hostage .	Pres
The mercenaries arrive at the mall with Breeze to get her , but Corbyn shoots the glass roof , sucking the mercenaries out into the storm .	Pres
After the struggle with Perkins , the eye-wall sucks the money out of one of the trucks and then the truck itself .	Pres
Corbyn and the brothers manage to outrun the storm safely , and drive away into the sunshine .	Pres
The order , which was issued on November 29 , 2016 , reads :	Pres
She also enjoys playing the guitar , composing music and surfing .	Pres
The monolithic architecture of the cathedral belongs to the modern movement .	Pres
" Nesioneta " comprises the following species :	Pres
People survive owing to low amounts of the SMN protein produced from the " SMN2 " gene .	Pres
The drug distributes to CNS and to peripheral tissues .	Pres
Earl Heinrekr of Saxland , who also interprets dreams , envies Jon 's superior ability .	Pres
He learns the truth about Jón from Ingibjǫrg .	Pres
It receives funding from a number of local and regional individuals , foundations , and corporations .	Pres
It reacts with butyllithium to give 2-lithiopyridine , a versatile reagent .	Pres
The length of the shell attains 15 mm .	Pres
Most of the segments for this format portrays activities that every student would do with their classmates .	Pres
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey spells the name as " Kinagh " .	Pres
The 1665 Down Survey map depicts it as " Knough " .	Pres
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey lists the proprietor " The Lord of Cavan " .	Pres
The 1790 Cavan Carvaghs list spells the name as " Kinagh " .	Pres
Elector of Saxony was always presiding over this body since its inception until the Holy Roman Empire ended .	Pres
The interiors preserve almost none of the original decoration .	Pres
Eric is grieving from the death of his wife Ruby and reliant on drugs .	Pres
He arrives at the house and has a ghostly vision that he believes is a side effect of the drugs he has taken .	Pres
Later , he spots a ghost in the basement and witnesses a possessed Henry jump off the roof .	Pres
Sarah admits her fear of ghosts and believes she can help them move on .	Pres
She reveals that she knows about Eric 's drug problem and confiscates them .	Pres
That night , Eric witnesses a seemingly possessed Sarah draw a plan for a new room .	Pres
Sarah explains how thirteen nails keep spirits sealed in rooms .	Pres
Realizing how violent this spirit is , Sarah sends her staff away and decides to personally remove the ghost from her home .	Pres
In the chaos , a possessed Henry escapes his room and is pursued by Marion .	Pres
Eric encounters several ghosts before seeing the ghost of Ruby .	Pres
Eric reunites with Sarah and they manage to trap Ben in the room .	Pres
Sarah announces her intent to build more rooms to help more spirits .	Pres
Squale is a small Swiss watch brand founded in 1946 by von Büren S.A. / Montres , specializing in professional diving watches .	Pres
" Squale " , french synonym for the word " shark " , is a watchmaking company , specialized in manufacturing diving watches .	Pres
In addition , the station transmits all the games of football Sports Teams Borussia Mönchengladbach and Alemannia Aachen live .	Pres
She currently resides in Walthamstow , London , where she worked as a mediator and a regular FGM educator for Waltham Forest Borough .	Pres
She also delivers awareness raising sessions to doctors and the Police to assist in their understanding of FGM .	Pres
It brings shame and rips women and girls of their dignity .	Pres
US prosecutors estimate that Ng 's net worth is in excess of US $ 1 billion .	Pres
A document from 1857 mentions the addition of an administrative building to the tekke , which oversaw the needs of the poor at the time .	Pres
This page lists the winners and nominees for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work – Poetry .	Pres
The sidewalks bisect sidewalks and lead towards a hill in the center on which there stands a monument to those who are buried on the grounds .	Pres
Maureen Mackey is its managing editor and Peter Anthony is its chief executive officer .	Pres
Therefore , for the purposes of determining whether diversity of citizenship exists , Justice Sotomayor held that " Americold ’ s members include its shareholders . "	Pres
Cox 's casting in the series has made her the first transgender person to play a transgender series regular on broadcast television .	Pres
The co-ed Oxford Shinty Club currently competes in the English shinty championships and the ESA Tri-series .	Pres
The club also competes in the annual St Andrews sixes tournament .	Pres
The Oxford club puts on an annual sixes competition , the Oxfordshire Shinty Sixes , in nearby Wallingford .	Pres
Defendants alleged that they independently created the advertisement .	Pres
As of 2016 , the Occoneechee Trapper 's Lodge still exists on Stephenson 's property in Garysburg .	Pres
In Bowling Green , Azzip competes directly with Blaze Pizza , an international quick-serve pizza chain based in California .	Pres
She finances all her social endeavors .	Pres
" Stats as of the end of the regular season "	Pres
Credits adapted from " The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale " liner notes	Pres
As of October 2017 , an estimated 2,073,105 South Sudanese people were refugees in neighboring countries .	Pres
Kipniss 's only sibling , a sister , Betty Ann , was born in 1936 .	Pres
Kipniss composes his forms and spaces separately , working on each alternately after the paint has dried .	Pres
Occasionally the bottom part of the sash is showing , and usually trees are beyond .	Pres
A painting done in reverse predates this print , and in both Kipniss extemporized the pale , delicate scrim of trees .	Pres
The book compares the mood and content of his poetry with his transitional and early mature paintings and prints .	Pres
It subscribes to over 30 magazines and periodicals of educational and literary nature .	Pres
Six strangers wake up in cells in an underground facility .	Pres
Their captive decides their fate with the roll of a die .	Pres
The district encompasses 28 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hammond .	Pres
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :	Pres
The district encompasses 38 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hobart .	Pres
The district encompasses 25 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond .	Pres
He undertook the ad without an invitation , in 1875 the institute received annual wage of 10,000 HUF .	Pres
The district encompasses 108 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond .	Pres
It grows in wet montane forests between 500 and 3000 m .	Pres
The district encompasses 39 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in an exclusively residential section of Hammond .	Pres
The church faces the piazza del Duomo .	Pres
Lee Magnet High shares its principal with Baton Rouge Magnet High School .	Pres
Lee Magnet High School focuses on preparing students for a competitive collegiate education , with 99 % of its graduates going on to attend college .	Pres
Based around individual " academies " , students enroll in classes which are separated by academies .	Pres
The district encompasses 15 contributing buildings in the central business district of Hammond .	Pres
The Alice Model Nursery School still exists in Stepney today .	Pres
The district encompasses 107 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Hammond .	Pres
The district encompasses 13 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in an exclusively residential section of Hammond .	Pres
Her focus revolves largely around psychosocial issues that impact seriously ill children and young adults , and legislation that affects rare disease patients .	Pres
During the summer of 2016 she advocated the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act by using Internet activism in support of the bill .	Pres
Like many hospitals in Uganda , the hospital faces challenges of understaffing , poor pay , and late salary payments .	Pres
The district encompasses 93 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond .	Pres
When it was announced about Račić 's signing with Valencia , former player of the club , Predrag Mijatović , described Račić in Spanish media .	Pres
The district encompasses 121 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in a predominantly residential section of Hammond .	Pres
Credits adapted from " The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale " liner notes	Pres
In December 2017 , Jardine was assisting Civil Service Strollers manager Alex Cunningham by taking training sessions .	Pres
They discuss , in detail , its alternating silence , whispering and unmistakable declaration .	Pres
The data clearly indicates that in Panyijar , the emergency is quite severe . ”	Pres
The team usually competes in the third tier of French rugby , Fédérale 1 .	Pres
He is classmates with Kunihiro Suda at university .	Pres
I smell the blood of an Englishman ... "	Pres
Meanwhile , in a car , the man treats his wounds .	Pres
Hank realizes that the murderer is Oleg Stark , a contract killer who 's killing the people who sent him to jail , including him .	Pres
Captain Renard then suspends Hank for his safety .	Pres
Nick arrives home where he is attacked by Stark , demanding to know where Hank is .	Pres
While fighting , Nick discovers Stark is a creature and Stark discovers Nick is a Grimm .	Pres
Hank lures Stark to a quarry while Monroe follows with the rifle .	Pres
The cost structure of most patent analysis tools varies from freemium business models to annual subscriptions .	Pres
These writings constitute the bulk of Cobbenhagen 's academic production in economics , including economic doctrines concerning planning , price and wealth distribution .	Pres
The shrub typically grows to a height of .	Pres
It blooms from August to September and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
During these travels , the customers usually slept in tents , and these holidays were offered as a way to enhance international encounters and understanding .	Pres
The spreading upright shrub typically grows to a height of .	Pres
It blooms from August to October and produces yellow flowers .	Pres
From 1994 until 1996 Megahed had been completing a research stay at the Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia with Jouni Uitto .	Pres
Spectroscopic imaging techniques enable chemical information to be extracted from hyperpolarized carbon-13 MRI experiments .	Pres
This enables the encoding of metabolite-selective images without the need for spectroscopic imaging .	Pres
which enables pulse sequences to be designed that make optimal use of the limited polarization available for imaging .	Pres
This necessitates dynamical system modelling and estimation for quantifying metabolic reaction rates .	Pres
She teaches in the Political Science department of La Salle University .	Pres
FC Niederkassel , has been officiating on the DFB level since 2011 .	Pres
Red Rocks : 7 / 8 / 78 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead .	Pres
Each year the Universidad del Cine produces more than 150 short films , documentaries and web series .	Pres
Her research concerns the structure and dynamics of protein molecules .	Pres
As the patient bites together , they bite with their mandible forward .	Pres
Pompeston Creek drains an area of 9 square miles , and runs through Riverton , Moorestown , Delran , and Cinnaminson .	Pres
Her upper decks were still sticking out of the water due to the shallow depths .	Pres
Rijkswaterstaat was thinking of salvaging " Jan Pieterszoon Coen " , since the ship was mostly intact and in shallow waters .	Pres
" Fancy " had been sailing from Guernsey to Leith when a French privateer lugger captured her .	Pres
On 15 January 1804 , " Speedwell " , under Robertson 's command , was sailing from Guernsey to Dungeness .	Pres
As of April 2015 , both animals and people were suffering a high morbidity rate due to difficult conditions .	Pres
" People are surviving on wild foods including water lilies , lalob fruit , and very limited fish .	Pres
By the early 1940s , the normal school was not faring well .	Pres
The district local government is struggling to run the hospital due to poor funding .	Pres
The highway connects rural areas of Aiken County with Prosperity , via Batesburg-Leesville .	Pres
It travels to the north-northeast .	Pres
After it curves to the north , it crosses over Horsepen Creek and passes by Indian Trail Golf Course .	Pres
In the city , it intersects U.S. Route 178 ( US 178 ; South Pine Street ) .	Pres
Then , it intersects US 378 ( Columbia Highway ) at a roundabout known as the Saluda Traffic Circle .	Pres
It curves to the north-northwest .	Pres
Just before McNeary Street , it crosses over railroad tracks and curves to the northwest .	Pres
Koon Highway ) , it crosses over some railroad tracks and passes by the W.L .	Pres
Credits adapted from " The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale " liner notes	Pres
Credits adapted from " The Vault : Old Friends 4 Sale " liner notes	Pres
In terms of the tape itself , Unterberger writes that EMI engineer Alan Brown recalled that the tape is no longer in EMI 's vaults .	Pres
The series promotes healthy living , featuring cooking , sports and young guests .	Pres
The series airs weekdays at 7 : 30 am on 9Go ! .	Pres
The children discuss their special talents , hobbies and interests , or share stories .	Pres
The conservation unit extends the east from this reservoir .	Pres
Palm trees dominate the upper strata of poorly drained areas .	Pres
For instance , in the adjacent diagram , Black moves the left silver beside the bishop to prepare for White 's attack from their advancing rook pawn .	Pres
This move by White also prevents Black from opening their diagonal since doing so would lead to White capturing Black 's bishop without penalty .	Pres
After White recaptures Black 's " tokin " on the second file , Black drops the bishop on 75 creating a rook – pawn fork .	Pres
Aono and Kitao recommend taking the " tokin " with the rook , which is defended by a silver .	Pres
Kitao suggests that taking the " tokin " with White 's silver after move 17 is an inferior move .	Pres
Black now drops a pawn to put the king in check .	Pres
Kitao considers this position uncertain compared to the position in which the rook captures the " tokin . "	Pres
In contrast to Aono and Kitao , Hosking recommends the silver taking the " tokin " along with the defense of this silver as shown below .	Pres
White recaptures the " tokin " with a silver .	Pres
Black opens their bishop diagonal .	Pres
The highway connects rural areas of Aiken and Saluda counties with Ridge Spring .	Pres
It travels to the northwest and curves to the north-northwest .	Pres
It crosses Flat Rock Creek and passes by Flat Rock Cemetery just before entering the city limits of Ridge Spring .	Pres
He learns that he was turned into a human teenager named Lester Papadopoulos .	Pres
The centaur Chiron also mentions that campers have been randomly disappearing into the woods .	Pres
They overhear Delphi 's guard , Python , talking to " the Beast " about how to control all the oracles and destroy the Grove of Dodona .	Pres
Upon awakening , he learns that the leader of Triumvirate Holdings is Emperor Nero .	Pres
They discover the entrance of the grove , along with the missing demigods .	Pres
Meg then releases him from his service and runs away .	Pres
Instead , she receives a message that damages her mind and causes her to wander away .	Pres
The duo manages to rescue the griffins but is cornered by Lityerses , Commodus ' man .	Pres
Meg McCaffrey arrives and duels with Lityerses until Apollo releases the rest of the caged animals .	Pres
They manage to escape with the help of Festus and the Huntresses of Artemis and rescue Lit , who was to be executed .	Pres
Apollo pleads with Trophonius to take him instead of Meg , to which Trophonius agrees in return for a wish , but gives her the prophecy anyway .	Pres
Apollo performs CPR on Meg and destroys the Oracle , fulfilling Trophonius 's wish .	Pres
Peaches the karpoi and his friends drive them to the Waystation in time for battle .	Pres
Apollo feels a surge of strength inside him and warns Commodus to stand down .	Pres
Wheadon of " Common Sense Media " criticizes the fast-paced action , stating that it causes the reader to forget important details .	Pres
" Hypable " ' s review praises how Riordan manages instill humor in even tough situations .	Pres
She rates the book 5 / 5 , appreciating how the descriptions of random facts not important to the plot adds humor .	Pres
She also appreciates " his inclusion of very obscure mythological characters , and the way that he manages to work their mythological story into his own . "	Pres
He referees for Mümmelmannsberger SV of the Hamburg Football Association .	Pres
The greatest concentration of Vatnahverfi 's farms lay between Hafgrimsfjord and Austfjord ( both of which are branches of Einarsfjord ) on the peninsula 's northwest portion .	Pres
The school competes in the Pac-12 Conference in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .	Pres
The album 's title and themes originate from Khaled 's recently raised profile in social media .	Pres
The track premiered on Beats 1 , during an interview with Zane Lowe and Khaled .	Pres
But once the album advances past this bit of clever sequencing , it barely strikes a chord . "	Pres
A 1310 CE Udaipur inscription indicates that the Paramara dynasty survived until this time , at least in the north-eastern part of Malwa .	Pres
A later 1338 CE inscription on a new mosque indicates that the area was under the control of the Delhi Sultan Muhammad bin Tughluq by this time .	Pres
Golf Monthly ranks it as one of the top 200 golf courses in Europe .	Pres
As a Seven Network affiliate it also broadcasts :	Pres
Until 21 February 2014 , Prime7 broadcasts a delayed " Seven News " into areas that receive full " Prime7 Local News " bulletins on weeknights .	Pres
Resident meteorologist Karl Lijnders presents the expanded weather forecast , which features state , East Coast metropolitan cities and national weather .	Pres
Craig Moore presents weekend weather updates across the Prime7 broadcast area .	Pres
Much of the poetry relates to Turner ’ s own experiences during his period of service in the Iraq War .	Pres
" Today 's Life and War " looks at how civilians lives were affected by the war .	Pres
This signifies how individuals are forced to put their life on pause in times of war .	Pres
Dashti explains that this work shows how war " permeates all aspects of contemporary society , " .	Pres
Blurring the line between fiction and reality she pulls these scenes from stories of Iran and her own experiences .	Pres
Dashti examines the impacts that war has on people 's lives including the emotional labor and psychological burdens that are caused .	Pres
Instead of looking at individuals specifically , she broadens her scope to larger populations and how the war affected Iran as a whole .	Pres
The contradictions between action and pause reflect the modern society Dashti inhabits , and how society in Iran has not found a balance .	Pres
This series looks at how nature enters the abandoned homes of Iran , both symbolically and physically .	Pres
Dashti is commenting on the relationship between nature and humans and how they intersect within these lived spaces .	Pres
The images depict the taking over of the structures by the plants , and like most of her other work , they are staged .	Pres
Dashti wants the viewer to consider how humans interact with nature and acknowledge the strength it has .	Pres
This series reflects the histories of Iranian families during the time of the war and its physical impacts .	Pres
Unlike most of her work , she moves heavily into abstraction in " Still Life " and closes in on her organic subject matter .	Pres
Unlike most landscape photography , this work embraces the imperfections of the medium .	Pres
The naturally lit spaces oppose the artificial flash in every scene , perhaps signifying the displaced feeling that Dashti has in being in a foreign place .	Pres
It belongs to the Eastern Hindi subgroup .	Pres
Indeed , Surgujia possesses a lexical similarity of 71 % -76 % with Chhattisgarhi , according to Ethnologue .	Pres
Bands typically sang in both Japanese and English .	Pres
Lind & the Linders manage to combine 60s garage raunch with pop polish in " Koi Ni Shiberete " .	Pres
" , and sing , " Ghost Brothers , ghosting out . "	Pres
She currently attends the University of Southern California .	Pres
The museum main building spreads over an area of 20 hectares .	Pres
The landscape bridge , named " Zhimei Bridge " , spans across a lake for a length of 142 meters .	Pres
As the Apollo 11 mission nears , the team buries copies of what becomes the found footage in a verdant rural field .	Pres
Those actors scrolled in the end credits as “ Himself ” or “ Herself ” , while others scrolled with their character ’ s name .	Pres
Peter Debruge of " Variety " wrote , " Matt Johnson and Owen Williams ' wild , borderline-illegal stunt delivers big time on its crazy premise . "	Pres
Benjamin identifies as a classical liberal .	Pres
The highway connects rural areas of Aiken and Orangeburg counties with North , via Salley .	Pres
It travels to the east and intersects the southern terminus of SC 113 ( Dixie Road ) .	Pres
It crosses over Dean Swamp Creek before it enters the city limits of Salley .	Pres
After it leaves Salley , it enters Orangeburg County just before it crosses over Goodland Creek .	Pres
The Fengshun dialect mainly originates in Fengshun and Jieyang Counties .	Pres
Other than the Dabu and Fengshun dialects , the Raoping dialect is also from Chaozhou , specifically the Raoping and Huilai Counties .	Pres
The Sixian , Hailu , Changle , Dabu and Raoping dialects all come from Guangdong , China , so Taiwanese Hakkas trace back their origins to Guangdong .	Pres
Even Hakkas from Tingzhou " fu " , Fujian , consider themselves to be from Yuedong ( Guangdong ) .	Pres
It profiles the Asian Youth Orchestra ( AYO ) established 25 years ago to promote peace in the region .	Pres
This produced ingots the size of a quarter that were sold for around $ 20 per gram .	Pres
She accepts , and Bill arranges a fake ceremony ; but when she falls in love with Davidge , Bill refuses her a " divorce . "	Pres
Urmil Thakur quits BJP & Joined Indian National Congress on 12 April 2014	Pres
The highway connects the Lake Murray area with Newberry .	Pres
It travels in a northerly direction and curves to the north-northeast .	Pres
Then , it crosses Scott Creek , passes Gallman Elementary School , and curves to the northwest before it enters the city limits of Newberry .	Pres
The highway intersects SC 34 ( Dixie Drive ) .	Pres
In town , it crosses railroad tracks , passes Margaret Hunter Park , and crosses the same railroad tracks again .	Pres
This article lists the complete results of the group stage of the 2016 Uber Cup in Kunshan , China .	Pres
Social concepts are a core part of EWB since EWB objectives exceeds mere educational aspects .	Pres
It also aims to encourage scientific research as a parallel objective goes hand in hand with the process of academic education .	Pres
the library organizes cultural event monthly , usually it 's discussion session in percent of some Sudanese writer .	Pres
Her photographs rivet attention as they are " involved in intense self-examination -- the images delve deeply into the psyche and life of the artist herself . "	Pres
She explains this technique of platinum process as " the most archival of all the photographic techniques and it produces tones of great depth .	Pres
The highway connects Norway with rural areas of Orangeburg County .	Pres
While there , it curves to a more easterly direction .	Pres
Lyrically , the song deals with a man 's encounter with aliens , spiritual realizations and his state of a coma after a DMT trip .	Pres
This structural uniformity explains both the greater tensile strength of the whole leather and the greater retention of strength in splits .	Pres
The Australian kangaroo industry produces a range of meat and leather products from animals harvested from the wild under strict government controlled Management Plans .	Pres
These ensure the harvest is sustainable and humane .	Pres
Many argue kangaroos , which are native to Australia , are a more environmentally friendly livestock option than introduced sheep and cattle .	Pres
The belly flops up and down , contracting and expanding the lungs respectively .	Pres
The bowl shape concentrates any moisture that may fall into it into a wet point that the grass seed can use to germinate .	Pres
The school shares a sixth form , the North Bristol Post 16 Centre , with nearby Redland Green School .	Pres
The drainage divide of the canyon near its northern end separates Laguna Canyon Creek from the San Diego Creek watershed .	Pres
State Route 133 , locally called Laguna Canyon Road , winds through Laguna Canyon for the entire length of the gorge .	Pres
California State Route 73 bisects the gorge east-west .	Pres
It receives its major tributary , El Toro Creek , from the left .	Pres
The Laguna Canyon area supports a variety of native Southern California wildlife , including large mammals such as mountain lions , bobcats , coyotes and mule deer .	Pres
Like Aliso and Wood Canyons Regional Park to the south , the canyon supports over one hundred species of birds .	Pres
By the age of 15 , de Paula was visiting modeling agencies .	Pres
Mucous membranes differ from skin in that they allow certain pathogens into the body .	Pres
Some treatment facilities utilize in-home test kits and have the person return the test for follow-up .	Pres
USPSTF recommends high-intensity behavioral counseling for all sexually active adolescents and for adults at increased risk for STIs .	Pres
The CDC recommends that sexually active women under the age of 25 and those over 25 at risk should be screened for chlamydia and gonorrhea yearly .	Pres
The duration of this period varies depending on the infection and the test .	Pres
Monroe also cites the neuroprotective properties of cannabis that could help treat and prevent the serious brain injuries and diseases that are well-documented among NFL players .	Pres
He currently resides in Los Angeles and is half of the production / songwriting team WAX LTD .	Pres
After a conversation with Cyclops , Layla convinces Ruby to meet up with a new mutant named Linqon .	Pres
She later brings Scott and Layla to an old , broken down hotel where an old , fragile Doctor Doom currently resides .	Pres
Doom escapes and Ruby swears to kill him .	Pres
Although Layla does not think that it is a good idea she complies since Ruby persuades her that they may take control of their own destiny .	Pres
The mine produces sandstone , which is later used for roads and other construction projects throughout Poland .	Pres
Phylogenetic analyses suggest that " Smilosuchus " is more closely related to pseudopalatines than to " Leptosuchus " species .	Pres
This coupled with its large size ( it is one of the largest known phytosaurs ) suggests that it hunted large prey such as " Placerias . "	Pres
The depth of the reservoir reaches 30 metres .	Pres
The company manufactures float glass , fabricated glass products , fiberglass insulation and building materials for commercial , residential and automotive applications .	Pres
The company employs more than 17,000 people and has present activities in North and South America , Europe , Asia , Africa and the Middle East .	Pres
Only when SS-Standartenführer Joachim Peiper and his Panzer tanks arrived at midnight , twelve hours behind schedule , did the Germans learn the nearby woods were empty .	Pres
The Americans were attacking through the Siegfried Line at Walerscheid about to the north , and a localized counter-attack was expected .	Pres
Other reports suggest the Americans inflicted between 60 and five hundred casualties on the Germans .	Pres
One night , they invite a bunch of servicemen to their apartment .	Pres
A horde of cleaners tidy up , and the place is made into an inviting canteen , all courtesy of " Somebody " .	Pres
Finally , she learns that it is none other than Johnny .	Pres
To top it off , Billy spots a sailor who looks just like a younger version of himself , down to his nose .	Pres
Dukes 1600 year received her on power of agreement Lubomirscy .	Pres
One of historian it remembers about legend , they according to which underground over 9 km united Nawojowa from castle in Rytro .	Pres
The village owes its name to the location .	Pres
The community also receives guests and leads ecumenical discussions .	Pres
St. Matthias ' Basilica , which was dedicated on 13 January 1148 , combines four functions .	Pres
The company performs two operas a year , one lesser known work , and an opera from the standard repertoire .	Pres
Additionally , the company presents concerts of opera excerpts throughout the year .	Pres
In 1966 , a group of musicians were attempting to put together a performance of Handel 's " Messiah " .	Pres
Its follow-up " Le Cavalier Miserey " of 1887 , dealt with the issue of homosexuals in the military .	Pres
A similar effect , although far more pronounced , happens at Funtensee in Germany .	Pres
By slowly and laboriously painting on top of quickly taken snapshots , Bremer slows down time to render a hauntingly beautiful interior landscape .	Pres
" I Walk the Lines " , Galerie Barbara Thumm , Berlin , DEU	Pres
It counts about 650 people .	Pres
The affair blossoms with the help of Madame Guillaume 's younger cousin Madame Roguin , who is already acquainted with Théodore .	Pres
In 1808 Augustine marries Théodore at the local church of Saint-Leu ; on the same day her elder sister Virginie marries Lebas .	Pres
Augustine adores Sommervieux but is incapable of understanding him as an artist .	Pres
Théodore realizes that his wife is incapable of seeing the painting as he sees it - a consummate work of art .	Pres
Instead of falling in love with its subject , he regards its return as a slap in the face from his mistress .	Pres
His vanity wounded , he throws a fit and destroys the portrait , vowing vengeance upon the duchess .	Pres
It reflects combat readiness of the units to participate in engagements with consideration to the terrain and expected enemy strength .	Pres
The story picks up in Margot Shelby 's apartment , as she is dying from a gunshot wound .	Pres
Police detective Joe Portugal arrives at the scene to hear her last moments and possible confession .	Pres
She promises to share the stolen money with him if she can get Frankie to disclose the location .	Pres
In order to counteract the effects of cyanide poisoning , Margot recruits the help of Dr. Lloyd Craig , the prison physician .	Pres
Now that Vincent and Margot have the location , Margot encourages Vincent to shoot Frankie and take his half of the map .	Pres
She flattens a tire and tricks Vincent into fixing the flat .	Pres
Once she has the money box , she shoots Dr. Craig , leaving him for dead .	Pres
However , he survives and follows her to her apartment , where he shoots her in revenge , thus bringing the story to the present .	Pres
As Margot finishes her story to detective Portugal , she dies .	Pres
Today a monument exists at the site of the mass grave .	Pres
This creek feeds into the Uvas Reservoir .	Pres
Piqued , she marries a 72-year-old uncle for his title of Vice Admiral , the Comte de Kergarouët .	Pres
The current draft of the Filter Effects Module Level 1 adds a filter primitive for drop shadow .	Pres
The List of Ottoman postal rates in Palestine surveys the postal rates in effect between 1840 – 1918 during the Ottoman rule in Palestine .	Pres
The rights to Millennium Final now belong to WWE after their purchase of WCW in 2001 .	Pres
The concept of spatial justice opens up several perspectives for social sciences .	Pres
In this distributive justice perspective , the access to material and immaterial goods , or to social positions indicates whether the situation is fair or not .	Pres
Snowboard camps are overnight camping venues designed for the purpose of teaching and training snowboarders .	Pres
The length of a snowboard camp will ; however , most tend to last for a single week .	Pres
Although Turkey and Poland enjoy good relations , since the latter of 20th century , relationship between the two sometimes goes tense .	Pres
As a result , these trees tend to have longer lives , and many larger trees have survived for more than 2,000 years .	Pres
Wally prepares to marry his girlfriend , but gets sidetracked when he is mistaken for a serial murderer .	Pres
With the special case proved by Fermat himself , it suffices to prove the theorem for exponents " n " that are prime numbers .	Pres
However , the proof by Andrew Wiles proves that any equation of the form does have a modular form .	Pres
implies that ( " a " , " b " , " c " ) is a solution for the exponent " e "	Pres
to which Fermat 's Last Theorem applies .	Pres
In " The Simpsons " episode " The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace " Homer writes the equation	Pres
He concludes , " In our arrogance , we feel we are so advanced .	Pres
The historic complex ( the abbey together with a church ) currently belongs to the Piarists .	Pres
Furthermore , conflicts with the Hebdów abbots did not end , and residents of the town were forced to work for the abbey ( see Serfdom ) .	Pres
Players still lose points for each letter placed .	Pres
This form indicates that the person is allowed to withdraw their application to enter Canada , and is allowed to leave Canada .	Pres
Canadian law prohibits the unlawful importation or trafficking of controlled substances and narcotics .	Pres
There exists the potential of data on a phone or laptop being collected , rapidly copied and searched .	Pres
Both the U.S. and Canadian governments urge frequent travelers to join the NEXUS trusted traveler program .	Pres
The book recounts the unconventional , poverty-stricken upbringing Walls and her siblings had at the hands of their deeply dysfunctional parents .	Pres
However , the money quickly disappears and the house falls into a state of disrepair .	Pres
While they are gone , Jeannette walks in on her grandmother molesting Brian .	Pres
When Rex returns , he admonishes his children rather than defending them , but the family is told to leave .	Pres
The children resort to dumpster diving to survive .	Pres
Jeannette begs her mother to leave her father so they can go on welfare , but her mother refuses .	Pres
When Rose Mary returns from her teaching seminar , she decides to quit teaching to refocus on her art .	Pres
Disgusted , Lori and Jeannette hatch a plan for Lori to move to New York City with Jeannette following shortly thereafter .	Pres
Shortly before Lori is set to move , Jeannette discovers Rex has stolen their money .	Pres
She asks the couple to hire Lori instead , and to buy her a ticket to New York in payment .	Pres
She encourages Brian to join her and Lori in New York , and he agrees .	Pres
When Maureen enters her twenties , she moves back in with them .	Pres
A fight eventually breaks out between Maureen and Rose Mary , and Maureen tries to stab Rose Mary .	Pres
When she is released , she decides to move to California .	Pres
He dies a few weeks later .	Pres
At one point , describing her early literary tastes , Walls mentions that ' my favorite books all involved people dealing with hardships . '	Pres
The district offices occupy a portion of the Lynden High School campus but maintain an independent address at 1203 Bradley Road in Lynden .	Pres
Lynden High School enrolls approximately 890 students in ninth , tenth , eleventh , and twelfth grades .	Pres
Lynden Middle School enrolls about 600 students in sixth , seventh , and eighth grades .	Pres
William A. Fisher Elementary School enrolls approximately 340 students in kindergarten to fifth grade .	Pres
Isom Elementary School ( formerly Elbert Isom Intermediate School ) educates about 380 students in kindergarten to fifth grade .	Pres
The parish belongs to the Tarnowski diocese and Tuchowski deanery .	Pres
The Shore Battalion , 542nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment laid Australian Reinforcing Company ( ARC ) mesh to provide a roadway across the beach for vehicles .	Pres
They also celebrate traditional folk holidays and rituals and the history of the village .	Pres
Her final storyline was illegally smuggling her lover 's son to Switzerland for life-saving treatment without his mother 's will .	Pres
The aircraft was leaking fuel shortly before it caught fire , according to the pilots of an aircraft that was following Flight 405 .	Pres
The main economic activities of the municipalities are farming , ranching and commerce .	Pres
The females hunt European mole crickets ( " Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa " ) stinging and paralyzing them .	Pres
These wasps prefer dry habitats .	Pres
Ayesha first arrives at " The Mill " as a replacement for Mandy Marquez , she is almost immediately attracted to new doctor Sid Vere .	Pres
Later when Ayesha throws up over Sid , he then angrily exclaims to her that their romance is over for good .	Pres
Ayesha however decides she has to move on from Sid .	Pres
Bren then breaks down and tells Ayesha she wants to change which pleases Ayesha .	Pres
However , Ayesha warns he that she is being far too morbid .	Pres
With the help of Heston Ayesha decides to help Valerie further and to support he even more after the Cancer progresses .	Pres
Ayesha argues with him and Mrs. Tembe steps in to protect her .	Pres
Mrs. Tembe then warns Ayesha that she should stay away from Anthony from now on .	Pres
Bren then hugs a shocked Ayesha and a suspicious Emma .	Pres
Ayesha then struggles to cope with her decision to help Bren and the whole ordlea leaves Ayesha shaken and feeling alone .	Pres
However , Ayesha speaks with Ruhma who persuades her to come to the party and tells her that she has to give Bren some freedom .	Pres
Ayesha then threats as she worried that Ike is bad news for Bren .	Pres
However , this fails to reignite Ayesha flame and she continues to slip further under her depressing spiral .	Pres
Ayesha later orders Seb to leave and Tyler asks Ayesha out again .	Pres
She accepts and they go a date the following day , however Ayesha still has reservations about Tyler .	Pres
Ayesha then confides this issue to Emma and tells Emma that is thinking about seeing Bren again even after what happened before .	Pres
When Ayesha looks into the issue she learns that it isn 't a one off thing and the same guy has been posting photos of them online .	Pres
Ayesha later moves in with Tyler although she is worried when Valerie tells her that she and Ashley were once very happy but the novelty wore off .	Pres
Ayesha however defends herself by saying that she is the kind of person that would do anything for her family .	Pres
Ayesha angered by her mothers rushes out to find her , and after a while she discovers Bren whom she forcefully confronts about the stolen goods .	Pres
Ayesha decides to let Bren go but tells her that she will be dead to her forever .	Pres
Yet , when he returned home , Walker was struggling with PTSD , losing his sense of purpose .	Pres
Greitens repeatedly mentions the importance of purpose in attaining happiness and flourishing .	Pres
Jains constitute only about 0.1 % of the total population of Nagaland yet they control a chunk of the businesses in Nagaland .	Pres
The Dimapur Jain community actively participates in various social causes .	Pres
The book collects nineteen novellas , novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors , together with an introduction by the editor .	Pres
The recording identifies the young woman as Cassandra Cain .	Pres
Cassandra Cain saves her , then chases after the Orphan .	Pres
Dick 's superior , Helena Bertinlli , Matron of Spyral , discovers that Mother 's agents are going to attack Bruce Wayne at a party .	Pres
Dick rushes off to save Bruce , and is met by members of the We Are Robin gang ( including Duke Thomas ) and Batgirl .	Pres
She entices Dick to join her , but he rejects her offer and instead battles her agents at the ballet alongside Harper and Cass .	Pres
In the wake of their victory , Harper accidentally triggers something in Cass , who flees .	Pres
Tim suffers the effects of Azrael 's mental attack , and Jason carries him away to safety .	Pres
Bill Bradley " ( Jack Kirk ) " , rides into town looking for a job .	Pres
He talks to Weber who send him to his ranch house with instructions to wait until he can get there later that night .	Pres
Haines pretends to chase the men , who return to Weber 's ranch house and hide-out .	Pres
Haines pretends to be grieved about not finding the silver however , Sally is grateful for his efforts .	Pres
However , Haines fatally wounds White but in the process is himself shot by Red .	Pres
Secretly hiding , the henchman Betcha witnesses the shooting .	Pres
While they are fighting , Hand ’ s gang steals the silver shipment , hiding it in a secret cellar of the blacksmith shop .	Pres
Streptomyces amakusaensis is a bacterium species from the genus of " Streptomyces " which has been isolated from soil from the Amakusa Island in Japan .	Pres
" Streptomyces amakusaensis " produces tuberin and nagstatin .	Pres
Anne Silver , a Belgian filmmaker , is travelling through West Germany , Belgium , and France to promote her new film .	Pres
They also bump into Toralei , who was invited by Cleo 's sister Nefera .	Pres
The Program currently oversees 166 SNAs .	Pres
He regularly lectures on mentorship and design , most notably for Cooper Hewitt and Art Dubai ’ s Global Art Forum .	Pres
She also discusses the rise of collaboration and groupthink in the United States and how group work is seen as superior or more effective than individual contribution .	Pres
Cain argues that the extrovert ideal has made it difficult for introverts to thrive and succeed in the United States .	Pres
While most cultures can be divided into western and eastern , Rodriguez believes it may be more diverse than that .	Pres
Rodriguez in particular wants to study Middle Eastern and South American cultures as he feels they don 't quite align with the standard western and eastern distinctions .	Pres
Many sociologists feel the theory needs more concrete concepts and empirical data .	Pres
In addition to preliminary nature of the theory , some sociologists suggest the idea of personality bias in itself is illogical .	Pres
In addition to Rodriguez 's future research plans , other social scientists are exploring the idea of personality bias .	Pres
Susan Cain is also continuing her " Quiet Revolution " where she attempts to empower introverts and help them find success .	Pres
Robby Enthoven has been managing director of Nando 's since 1993 , when there were just two branches .	Pres
" This larger right embraces the lesser of permitting others to use upon such terms as the patentee chooses to prescribe . "	Pres
The American Bar Ass 'n's " Intellectual Property Handbook " asserts that the " A.B .	Pres
A certiorari petition is now pending in that case .	Pres
From the 16th century BC , swords with rounded tips appeared , having a grip which was an extension of the blade .	Pres
Contemporary Hittite texts indicate the presence of " Ahhiyawa " , which strengthened its position in western Anatolia from c . 1400 to c . 1220 BC .	Pres
The journal seeks to develop IDF 's knowledge processes on new and developing phenomena that influence the DF .	Pres
I ain ’ t gonna lie to you .	Pres
It creates a level to me , within myself , of how good the record has to be before I 'm ready to launch it . "	Pres
Socialist trade unionism enjoys rapid growth in 1901 – 02 .	Pres
The astronaut 's bones float toward a solar eclipse , while a circle of women perform a ritual with the skull in the town 's centre .	Pres
The female dancer in the attic sequence also performs a signature movement from the " Fashion " music video .	Pres
VMI quarterback Sidney Foster scored on an eighty-yard touchdown run .	Pres
We negotiate a contract between the student and me , and then we both agree to live up to it . "	Pres
He also supports merit pay .	Pres
Additionally , it performs in high-schools as part of an educational performance recognized by the Ministry of Education .	Pres
Adi sings a variety of musical types , from Renaissance music to today 's modern works .	Pres
Adi mostly performs with A cappella music .	Pres
The crowds of these games are record-setting and are among the highest regular season games in NCAA college soccer history .	Pres
This institute organizes events that acknowledges technological innovations and management procedures with accolades every year .	Pres
Participants will be forming teams of four , with each member competing in a single event .	Pres
We propose to carry out a plethora of events ranging from code lover 's event to developer 's art related to web-design , social initiatives , app-design .	Pres
We intend to conduct a series of fun and dedicated events for the	Pres
His follow-up single , titled ' Orente ' , also received positive reviews from music critics and consumers .	Pres
Therefore proclaims the need to strengthen any social organization that counteracts this situation .	Pres
From the 1960s till 1980 , Penang Adventist Hospital had been sending students to The School of Nursing of the Bangkok Adventist Hospital , Thailand .	Pres
In the book Kaku discusses Albert Einstein 's work , life and concepts such as E = mc ² as well as special relativity .	Pres
" Thank You for Your Consideration	Pres
The party also was constituting an electoral pact with the Chilean Socialist Party for parliamentary of that year .	Pres
The Ultima 40K image sensor reads images in blocks which is commonly called a Block Readout sensor .	Pres
The list spans several decades , and Kikuchi was in the 42nd place , with a sales record of 4,110,000 copies .	Pres
The building was listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 .	Pres
Currently , he heads several committees on Trade , Commerce & Industry as well as Agriculture & Food .	Pres
The charter mandates that data released by governments comply with these principles :	Pres
The Whittington Park Historic District encompasses a mainly residential area in northwestern Hot Springs , Arkansas .	Pres
The 1889 Italian Penal Code , commonly known as Zanardelli Code enters into force .	Pres
His grave , with engraved headstone , can still be viewed today .	Pres
We don 't consider ourselves worried about games long down the road .	Pres
We talk about learning how to finish games , learning how to close games out .	Pres
He believes " it 's reachable and , you know , you can see it , I definitely want to do it .	Pres
I don 't think this will be duplicated or replicated . "	Pres
He wasn 't going to be denied . "	Pres
This puts us at 5-0 overall .	Pres
We 're just finding ways to win football games . "	Pres
Especially when you go on the road , the small details add up to the big details . "	Pres
The " CNII " in its spectral type indicates strong cyanogen signature in its outer atmosphere .	Pres
The star is radiating 144 times the Sun 's luminosity from its enlarged photosphere .	Pres
Garvey supports standardized tests , Common Core , charter schools , and Superintendent White .	Pres
Garvey favors the use of pupil standardized test results as the major criteria for the annual evaluation of teachers .	Pres
He stresses parental choice and the establishment of an early childhood education system .	Pres
The SE image sensor reads images in blocks which is commonly called a Block Readout sensor .	Pres
When viewed from above the head , the body resembles a triangle .	Pres
The flats vary noticeably in their size with the smallest ones being 50 square meters and the largest being 380 square meters .	Pres
The developers are also focusing on the smart use of electric energy .	Pres
Haskew relates that he was assigned to the 13th Armored Division as the commander of Combat Command B ( October 1942 until an unspecified end date .	Pres
Winning the game in overtime , the Texas A & M Aggies upset the # 16 UCLA Bruins 31 – 24 .	Pres
The park is currently undergoing a transformation to become the green heart of Staple Hill .	Pres
Duke decides to try to raise the money by boxing again .	Pres
It possesses unusual genetic infrastructure , lacking a key component of most bacterial cell division processes , the protein FtsZ .	Pres
Like most planctomycetes , " G. obscuriglobus " reproduces by budding rather than the fission more commonly observed in bacterial species .	Pres
Her Facebook campaign website in 2015 indicates that she had twenty-seven years of experience in professional education .	Pres
Harris opposes taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood and other groups performing abortions .	Pres
She opposes sexual orientation as a protected class .	Pres
She opposes penalties being imposed upon individuals , businesses , or public employees who decline to perform services in violation of their moral objections .	Pres
She opposes illegal immigration and signed a " No New Taxes " pledge .	Pres
Davis supports setting standards in schools , which Harris said means that he supports Common Core .	Pres
My experiences involve ... the chamber and any type of development work that I do . "	Pres
President Donald Trump of the Republican Party , who was elected in 2016 , is seeking reelection to a second term .	Pres
This prohibits former Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush , and Barack Obama from being elected president again .	Pres
A bipartisan report indicates that changes in voter demographics since the 2016 election could impact the results of the 2020 election .	Pres
Presidency Group of Institutions ( PGI ) , along with the University , constitutes 7 Schools and a College .	Pres
Every day thousands of dashcam cameras in cars are monitoring what goes on across the roads of Australia .	Pres
This show looks at the shocking accidents , road rage incidents and dangerous driving on our roads .	Pres
They mean " heavenly , divine , terrestrial things of high excellence , exalted , shining ones " .	Pres
The Devi Upanishad comprises 32 verses after an invocation from the Atharvaveda .	Pres
The Devi Upanishad opens with a gathering of gods , who ask , " Great Goddess , who are you ? "	Pres
The Devi asserts that she is Svarupini – identical in form to – Brahman .	Pres
In verses 4 and 5 , the Devi Upanishad mirrors the opening verses of the " Devi sukta " hymn of the Rigveda .	Pres
It owes its original name to the businessman-philanthropist Shri Basappa Veerappa Bhoomaraddi .	Pres
Current annual student intake for Undergraduate & Post Graduate programmes is in excess of 1200 .	Pres
It ensures multi disciplinary approach to connect to students from various engineering and business streams to work together .	Pres
DeWoskin 1983 : 77 ) biography of Xu Deng 徐登 mentions his companion Zhao Bing 趙柄 whistling to call up wind .	Pres
" On another occasion , he was seeking passage across a river , but the boat man would not take him .	Pres
Three ( c . 10th-7th century BCE ) " Shijing " " Classic of Poetry " odes use " xiao " to describe heartbroken women expressing sadness .	Pres
Karlgren explains " She can do nothing but croon ( wail ) and resign herself to it . "	Pres
The girl was leaning against a pillar and whistling [ 倚柱而嘯 ] .	Pres
Wang Yi ’ s commentary invokes yin and yang theory .	Pres
In the sheer ravines The waters ' waves run deep .	Pres
I grieve that the line of my father 's house is broken ; My heart is dismayed and laments within me .	Pres
Therefore , when the burning mirror sees the sun , it ignites tinder and produces fire .	Pres
When the tiger roars , the valley winds rush [ 虎嘯而穀風至 ] ; when the dragon arises , the bright clouds accumulate .	Pres
When " qilins " wrangle , the sun or moon is eclipsed ; when the leviathan dies , comets appear .	Pres
He breaks away from human endeavor and leaves it behind .	Pres
He gazes up at the lofty , longing for the days of old ; He ponders lengthily , his thoughts wandering afar .	Pres
He regrets that the common people are not yet enlightened ; He alone , transcending all , has prior awakening .	Pres
Thereupon , The dazzling spirit inclines its luminous form , Pouring its brilliance into Vesper 's Vale .	Pres
He sends forth marvelous tones from his red lips , And stimulates mournful sounds from his gleaming teeth .	Pres
The breath rushes out and is repressed , then flies up like sparks [ 氣衝鬱而熛起 ] .	Pres
The whistle floats like a wandering cloud in the grand empyrean , And gathers a great wind for a myriad miles .	Pres
Thus , the Whistler Uses no instrument to play his music , Nor any material borrowed from things .	Pres
By cultivating the flow of his attention , he simultaneously gains control over the flow of his breath . "	Pres
The Rhapsody then elaborates on transcendental whistling .	Pres
It spontaneously harmonizes with the world , " For every category he has a song ; To each thing he perceives , he tunes a melody .	Pres
The marvelous sounds affect both the whistler , " Pure , surpassing both reed and mouth-organ ; Richly harmonious with lute and harp .	Pres
It stops , but does not stop up .	Pres
Following his mouth and lips , he expands forth .	Pres
Floating on his fragrant breath , he wanders afar [ 假芳氣而遠逝 ] .	Pres
The " Shishuo xinyu " commentary by Liu Xiaobiao quotes two texts .	Pres
His brilliance lasts but for a moment ; her dark will soon again be full .	Pres
Paul W. Kroll ( 1983 : 250 ) translates " Xiaozhi " as " Directives on Whistling " .	Pres
The Preface then outlines a Daoist mytho-history of " xiao " transmission .	Pres
She wears a victory crown on her tangled hair . "	Pres
The " Liexian Zhuan " lists the Father of Whistling , who could control fire , but does not mention whistling .	Pres
In oneself the Tao never dies , in objective matters it assists all that is sacred , and conducts the Five Influences .	Pres
For success in obtaining response ( to such efforts ) nothing approaches music .	Pres
The " Xiaozhi " explains the essence of " xiao " whistling in the " Fleeting Cloud " ( section 6 , tr .	Pres
Transcendental whistling evokes the sounds of nature .	Pres
Climbing to the heights , I gaze afar at P 'eng and Ying ; The image imagined — the Terrace of Gold and Silver .	Pres
Thereupon , he withdraws and , halfway up a distant mountain , lets out a loud , piercing whistle .	Pres
During one go game , Sun was silently pondering how to move a piece , and Ruan surprised him .	Pres
Sun watches Ruan 's silhouette gradually dissolving into the dark green distance ,	Pres
The specialized team that was called in to address her condition was attempting to ready her for transport to Alexandria , Virginia .	Pres
The list of NCAA major college football yearly scoring leaders identifies the NCAA major college scoring leaders .	Pres
This chart reflects unofficial scoring statistics for years prior to 1937 .	Pres
The series examines how small towns like Canton and Massillon , Ohio were the blueprint for fielding early pro football teams as well as fostering healthy rivalries .	Pres
A law determines the cases in which the French language is to be used " .	Pres
It affects slightly more males than females .	Pres
On June 17 , 2016 , " Ain 't No Stopping Us Now " was released for sales as a single from his debut full-length album .	Pres
They currently reside in Nashville , Tennessee .	Pres
Both groups aim to reform the Thai education system .	Pres
Netiwit is currently studying at Chulalongkorn University , majoring in political science .	Pres
Similarly , it promotes October as " National Sausage Month " .	Pres
Reynolds joins the list of Roger Staubach ( No .	Pres
He currently resides in Melbourne , Australia .	Pres
Thatcher compiled research into population data and centenarians and contributed a significant body of scholarly work in addition to his government statistics duties .	Pres
The college offer bachelor courses in Arts and Science streams with highly equipped science lab .	Pres
“ On the contrary , MBM is win-win ” Koch has stated , revealing his view that there are no zero-sum scenarios .	Pres
Such a division of labor , explains Koch , leads to greater value creation .	Pres
In his conclusion , he stresses the importance of grasping MBM as a “ holistic ” strategy and lists several mistakes to avoid when implementing MBM .	Pres
Three principal buildings facing north east comprise the residence , with various outbuildings to the south and west of these .	Pres
Many mature trees and plants surround the homestead , these include a hoop pine .	Pres
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .	Pres
A mural painted on the river side of the levee wall commemorates her work .	Pres
( The former affords a higher level of protection , but is less comfortable . )	Pres
" Dorytomodes " was subsequently sunk as a synonym of " Peristoreus " by Edward S. ( " Ted " ) Gourlay in 1950 .	Pres
The Family Strikes Back is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film produced , directed by and starring Dean Shek .	Pres
Kiu orders his assistants to kidnap homosexual men to his lab , located in a private container on a vessel , for experiments .	Pres
On the other hand , Uncle Wah discovers Shek 's resemblance to a Japanese scientist named Toyota , who colluded with Kiu .	Pres
Wah formulates a plan for Shek to act undercover as Toyota in order to gather evidence from Kiu 's lab .	Pres
It carries express passenger trains by the Harbin Railway Bureau , Mudanjiang passenger segment responsible for passenger transport task , Mudanjiang originating on the Beijing train .	Pres
The Graziadio School of Business and Management at Pepperdine University bears his name .	Pres
As a result , the Graziadio School of Business and Management bears his name .	Pres
His major accomplishment was acquiring the new campus on Walker Road from Tektronix Foundation , where the first new building was dedicated on 15 August 1969 .	Pres
Flightglobal ( Flight International ) estimates there to be around 1,820 aircraft in service with the IAF : 905 combat planes , 595 fighters and 310 attackers .	Pres
These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation .	Pres
Several other foreign airlines connect Indian cities with other major cities across the globe .	Pres
It carries express passenger trains for the Harbin Railway Bureau It hosts the Mudanjiang passenger segment responsible for passenger transport .	Pres
Her focuses involve the study of the Milky Way galaxy , with a focus on the evolution that it took to reach its current state .	Pres
The project accepts photographs and letters from before 1991 .	Pres
Irrigation facilities in this hilly area are inadequate and generally farmers depend on rain for their cultivation .	Pres
Two women , Lola and Chelsea , are waiting at a suburban bus stop before midnight .	Pres
A car crashes in front of them , and two masked man arrive and shoot the driver dead .	Pres
Lola struggles with the masked attacker and the gun goes off , killing him .	Pres
Ishakzai belongs to Ishaqzai tribe .	Pres
The station carries a talk format known as Radio Positiva .	Pres
He also undertakes lectures and presentations .	Pres
Hindu Kambojs belong to the Kshatriya class according to varna.During the Islamic rule in India , Kambojs were considered noblest of all indians .	Pres
He often participates as a speaker at international conferences .	Pres
The films story revolves around Shanker and his mute sister Durgi .	Pres
Campsomeris trifasciata is a species of the family Scoliidae , also known as the scoliid wasps .	Pres
The films story revolves around a CID agent played by Feroz Khan .	Pres
The present campus of college is functioning since July 2009 .	Pres
In 2009 , contraband cigarettes worth 3.1 million US Dollars were intercepted in Botswana .	Pres
Foodstirs sells baking kits and mixes that contain only organic and non-GMO ingredients with no artificial preservatives , flavors , or colors .	Pres
Some academics dispute the term " slavery " due to the payment for labour occurring despite many not receiving wages .	Pres
" Streptomyces ambofaciens " produces ambobactin , foromacidin A , foromacidin B , foromacidin C , 18-deoxospiramicin I , 17-methylenespiramycin I and congocidin .	Pres
